MAKE THEM GOLD! ooo. Extended Summary ʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴡᴀʀɴɪɴɢs ᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴅ x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x AURELIA BLACK LIKES TO THINK SHE'S GOT a clear idea of who she is and who she wants to be despite the vivid memories in her head telling her otherwise. She's the self-disowned daughter of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, she's got a heart of gold though most refuse to see it because of her dark name. But, she knows she's good, she must be good and she'll do anything to prove she's more gold than black. Neville Longbottom is the polar opposite of Aurelia Black. He's barely got an idea of who he is, let alone who he wants to be. All his life he's heard stories of how great his parents once were, for years he's been pressured to be exactly like them. It leaves him feeling smother and confused, he wonders if he'll ever be like the golden heroes they were when he's not sure who he's supposed to be. Maybe it's the fact they're so different that drew them together, or maybe it's because they're quite alike — two confused souls, hindered by their families' legacies just trying to prove they're so much more. Or maybe they're drawn to each other because of reasons shrouded in a mystery they have yet to uncover. Whatever the reason that brought them together is, they don't pay mind to it because they're together and that's all that matters. Together, they make a pretty good team and together they know what they want. They want to prove themselves — show those fuckers they shouldn't be underestimated. They're not a 'cowardly boy' born from unsung, golden heroes or an 'untrustworthy girl' born to cruel monsters destined to be just as heartless and destructive as them. No, they are so much than that and they'll prove it no matter what it takes. They'll turn themselves into the golden heroes they had only heard about in stories. They'll do it, they swear on it — even if fate seems to be against them. Aurelia Black and Neville Longbottom will be gold no matter what fate, crazy 'aunts' who like referring to Shakespeare, a Vegetarian Kronos, an old man who wants to use them like chess pieces, and a wonky dead seer have to say about it. x MAKE THEM GOLD MAIN CHARACTERS x x x x ❝I don't know who I am anymore, Neville, and I'm terrified!❞ NATALIA DYER is AURELIA BLACK x x x ❝You don't have to face this on your own!❞ MATTHEW LEWIS is NEVILLE LONGBOTTOM x x x ❝Tell me, Dumbledore why ye like havin' children with prophecies loomin' over their head fight yer battles?❞ RUTH CONNELL is MAEVE 'MAE' MACLEOD x x x ❝You and Longbottom are like Romeo and Juliet, if I'm being honest it's quite disgusting, really.❞ KATIE MCGRATH is BELLATRIX LESTRANGE x x x ❝I know things about Voldemort that would give Dumbeldore a heart attack — Dumbledore!❞ PHILLIPA SOO is ABIGALE MONTGOMERY x x x x MAKE THEM GOLD SOUNDTRACK x x x x track one: ❛MAKE THE GOLD ❜ ━ Chvrches ❙ track two: ❛AURELIA❜ ━ Dan Kosub ❙ track three: ❛THERE IS A LIGHT THAT NEVER GOES OUT❜ ━ the Smiths ❙ track four: ❛WATERLOO❜ ━ Abba ❙ track five: ❛VILLAINS PT. i❜ ━ Emma Blackery ❙ track six: ❛BOHEMIAN RHAPSODY❜ ━ Queen ❙ track seven: ❛CLEAREST BLUE❜ ━ Chvrches ❙ track eight: ❛CARRY ON WAYWARD SON❜ ━ Kansas ❙ track nine: ❛THE LAST OF THE REAL ONES❜ ━ Fall Out Boy ❙ track ten: ❛DON'T YOU (FORGET ABOUT ME)❜ ━ Simple Minds❙ track eleven: ❛GRAFFITI❜ ━ Chvrches ❙ track twelve: ❛CLAIRVOYANT❜ ━ the Story So Far❙ track thirteen: ❛HAND IN GLOVE❜ ━ the Smiths ❙ track fourteen: ❛WONDERWALL❜ ━ Oasis ❙ track fifteen: ❛BBBLUE❜ ━ Oliver the Kidd ❙ track sixteen: ❛OH NO❜ ━ MARINA AND THE DIAMONDS ❙ track seventeen: ❛MONSTER❜ ━ Paramore ❙ track eighteen: ❛HOW SOON IS NOW❜ ━ the Smiths ❙ track twenty: ❛ANIMAL❜ ━ Neon Trees ❙ track twenty-one: ❛EVERYBODY WANTS TO RULE THE WORLD❜ ━ Tears for Fears ❙ track twenty-two: ❛VILLAINS PT. ii❜ ━ Emma Blackery❙ track twenty-three: ❛END OF AN ERA❜ ━ Marianas Trench . . . x x x ❨ more songs on spotify ❩ x x x x NOTES & WARNINGS please read these! x x x x━━ [07\26\2018; author's note:]: Hello there and welcome to the first book (not chronologically speaking) in my Harry Potter AU that I've been working on for three years, so if you see anything that looks different from the books it's because (fuck canon) there's a good reason for it! I started this book in March of 2016, the 22nd to be exact (the only reason I remember this is because it's the day mcr died a few years prior) and it's come along way since then, it's been through a lot of changes, and I'm proud to say I'm very happy with the direction it's going since I decided to rewrite it. I hope you enjoy the story, I've worked so very hard on it! Thanks for reading! x x ━━ [01\10\19; author's note]: Uhhh so I don't know who allowed me to but for some reason I got the urge to rewrite the summary for Make Them Gold and it actually turned out GOOD,,, like it slaps so I did that. The new summary fits the theme of the book and my plans so much better than the old one, the other one was a bit light-hearted and it was slightly misleading to the plot I have planned. Also while I did that I fixed a few spelling errors because apparently someone my brain ACTUALLY let me type 'Sleeping Through my Fingers' without thinking 'Uh, hey there, something not right with that!' and I only realised it yesterday! Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the new and very improved summary for Make Them Gold! x x ━━ WARNING: This book deals with topics such as PTSD, Depression, mentions of abuse, mentions of suicide and self-harm, and discussions of Sexuality, LGBT+ relationhips (Bisexuality, Homosexuality, GirlxGirl, BoyxBoy, etc... ʲᵘˢᵗ ᵃ ʷᵃʳⁿᶦⁿᵍ ᶠᵒʳ ʸᵒᵘ ᵘʰ ʰᵒᵐᵒᵖʰᵒᵇᵉˢ ᵒᵘᵗ ᵗʰᵉʳᵉ) and they are a big part of this book so if any of these things trigger or bother you, please be careful reading this book! x x x original story started: march 22nd, 2016 rewrite started: july, 26th, 2018 originally published: april 24th, 2016 rewrite published: september, 19th, 2018 finished: to be decided
MAKE THEM GOLD! ooo. Act One EYE OF THE HURRICANE! x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x AURELIA BLACK JUST WANTS ONE PEACEFUL YEAR at Hogwarts. One year where she doesn't accidentally hit Lord Voldemort in the face with her history textbook, or get petrified by a basilisk, or find out that her favourite professor is a bloody werewolf. She just wants a simple year where she can figure out if she likes Neville Longbottom more than Hermione Granger or vice versa. Aurelia doesn't think she's asking for too much. As her third year at Hogwarts comes to an end, she comes to the disappointing realisation that she will never get a peaceful year. And when Mae lets it slip that the Triwizard Tournament is coming back and it's coming to Hogwarts, Aurelia knows something terrible is doomed to happen especially with Harry Potter in attendance. Things are changing, something wicked is coming her way, Aurelia can feel it in her bones. A storm is brewing, tensions are building, and standing at the eye of it all is Aurelia. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x x x x ━━━━ SPECIAL GUEST APPEARANCES BY . . . x x x ❝Zey are wrong, Aurelia. You are sweet and kind.❞ GABRIELLA WILDE is FLEUR DELACOUR x x x ❝'ou schouldn't have trusted me zo eazily, girl, you're as veak as your mother!❞ NINA DOBREV is NOELLE EDWYN-GODWIN x x x x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x x x x ❝this is the eye of the hurricane, this is the only way i can protect my legacy. ᴀᴄᴛ ɪ: ᴇʏᴇ ᴏғ ᴛʜᴇ ʜᴜʀʀɪᴄᴀɴᴇ sᴏᴜɴᴅᴛʀᴀᴄᴋ x x x ❝This is real fine! Everything is fine and nothing is wrong in this world!❞ ❝Then why are you having an emotional breakdown?❞ ❨ spotify link! ❩ . . . track one: ❛HURRICANE❜ ━ Hamilton ❙ track two: ❛I WANNA DANCE WITH SOMEBODY (WHO LOVES ME)❜ ━ Whitney Houston ❙ track three: ❛TAKE ME OUT❜ ━ Emma Blackery ❙ track four: ❛RHYTM OF YOUR HEART❜ ━ Marianas Trench ❙ track five: ❛LAY ALL YOUR LOVE ON ME❜ ━ Abba ❙ track six: ❛LET THE FLAMES BEGIN❜ ━ Paramore ❙ track seven: ❛EYE OF THE TIGER❜ ━ Survivor ❙ track eight: ❛DANCING'S NOT A CRIME❜ ━ Panic! at the Disco ❙ track nine: ❛COME ON EILEEN❜ ━ Dexy's Midnight Runners ❙ track ten: ❛TAKE ME OUT❜ ━ Emma Blackery ❙ track eleven: ❛HONEY, HONEY❜ ━ Abba ❙ track twelve: ❛(FUCK A) SILVER LINING❜ ━ Panic! at the Disco ❙ track thirteen: ❛DANCE DANCE❜ ━ Fall Out Boy ❙ track fourteen: ❛CRAZY LITTLE THING CALLED LOVE❜ ━ Queen x x x x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is turning out soooo much better than the first act of the original! Like minus the one cliche plot I'm doing it'll have you SHOOK! I'm so excited for this! I'm so happy to have Make Them Gold (albeit a bit different than the original) back in action! Also get ready for Aurelia to Suffer and Be Confusion! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed this little act divider thing! x x x word count: 423 started: september, 16th, 2018 finished: april, 27th, 2019 published: september, 23rd, 2018 x x x ❨ ACT ONE, EYE OF THE HURRICANE! ❩ ❨ SET DURING THE GOBLET OF FIRE! ❩
( pre ) ACT i, CHAPTER zero! o. Odd One Out x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x "DIDN'T YOU GET any sleep last night, wee moon?" Maeve 'Mae' Macleod asks Aurelia Malfoy as she runs a brush through the young girl's thick curls. Her Scottish accent is thick and though over the years Aurelia has grown accustomed to it, in her sleepy state, it takes a few minutes for her to process what Mae has said. Aurelia shakes her head and tries to stifle a yawn but fails to do. Mae smiles fondly at her as she starts to braid Aurelia's blue hair. "Ye know we're off to Diagon Alley today?" Mae queries, "Ye have got a long day ahead o' ye, wee moon." "I know." Aurelia says softly, the Scottish lilt of her voice makes Mae grin. "So, how come ye didn't sleep last night?" Aurelia shrugs. "Nightmares?" Aurelia shakes her head. "Nerves?" She shrugs again. "The scars?" Aurelia shrinks in her seat, suddenly finding the floor much more interesting than the mirror. Mae sighs softly "Wee moon, no one will see them -" "But I can't always hide them, I'm not good at controlling it!" Aurelia exclaims, her hairs turns white which only proves her point. Mae grabs her chin gently and turns Aurelia's head so that they are facing each other "Calm yer nerves, wee moon, I'll see if your father will allow you more lessons with Tonks." "M'kay." Aurelia mumbles, still frowning. Mae presses a kiss to her nose "You've got nothin' to worry about when I'm around, wee moon!" Looking slightly less worried than before, Aurelia giggles and nods her head. Mae smiles and lets go of her chin "Well, yer locks are all prettied up. I have to go and wake yer brother up now." she says with a shake of her head, "He's worse than your father when it comes to mornin's!" Once the Squib has left Aurelia's room, she frowns. Looking at her face in the mirror, Aurelia has to hold back tears at the sight of the scars marring the right side of her face. The sounds of her screams and animalistic growls echo in her mind, her slender fingers graze over the smaller ones next to larger one and she struggles not break down in tears. Aurelia squeezes her eyes and tries her best to concentrate on making her scars go away but when she opens her eyes the most she could do is make them a bit smaller. She lets out a pitiful whine, her hair turning gold. Her Metamorphmagus abilities are next to dismal, the most she can do is occasionally her hair the colour she wants but most of the time all it does is make her stand out like a sore thumb. Aurelia is often referred to as the 'odd one out' by her parents' friends and as much as she hates it, they aren't wrong. It seems the only thing that makes her a Malfoy is her name, she doesn't share the same appearance as them, sometimes and although Aurelia tries she doesn't share the same beliefs as them, she doesn't act like them. Most of the time she feels like an outcast in her own home. She sighs sadly and represses the urge to throw her mirror on the ground. Aurelia wishes she looks more like her brother, after all he is her twin brother and they should, at least, look sort of alike. Her and Draco couldn't be anymore different. He's pale-haired, pale-skinned, freckle-less, and well-behaved. Aurelia is the exact opposite of him. The only thing the twins share in common are the fact they're spoiled brats. Aurelia looks into the mirror again and her annoyance flares at the sight of the myriad of freckles on her face. She doesn't have much time to think about how much she loathes them as her brother comes knocking on her door. He's got more energy than usual "Lia! Lia! It's today!" Draco screams, "We're going today! We get our wands today!" Draco practically leaps over her bed to get to her and when he does he tackles her into a hug. "Today!" He squeals. Aurelia squirms in his grasp "Today!" she squeals although less enthusiastically than him. "Aren't you excited?" He asks excitedly. "Yes!" Aurelia replies but she doesn't sound the least bit excited. Draco is not deterred by her cynical tone because he knows that she's excited but as usual she's letting her pessimistic thoughts get in the way. "We're going to Hogwarts! We're going to make so many new friends!" Aurelia snorts at this "You are, I'm not." Draco has always been the more outgoing twin and while Aurelia isn't shy by any means, she had always been the more quiet twin. Most of the friends her brother has should've been her friends too but most of them don't like how quiet she is so they stuck with Draco. Then after the werewolf attack she became even more quiet, her parents seem to like her better that way. She had lost most of her friends after the attack, Pansy Parkinson and Theodore Nott are the only ones that still call her a friend but even then they still play with Draco more. At least they have the decency to look her in the eyes when the come over for a playdate. He frowns, grabbing her face and peppering kisses all over the scarred half of her face. It's something Draco has done since the attack, he likes to think that doing that will make her feel better and sometimes it does. "You'll make lots of friends, Lia! Your scars are awesome, you fought a werewolf and that's amazing!" Aurelia shrugs "I didn't fight a werewolf, it tried to use me as its' chew-toy." "Dad says he saw you punch it before he could intervene." Draco says. "I thought that might've worked." Aurelia whispers sheepishly. "So you did fight a werewolf!" Draco says, his grey eyes wide with wonder. Aurelia opens her mouth to argue but pauses, Draco's way too stubborn and she's way too stressed out to start a fight "Sure, I fought a werewolf." Draco grins and places several more kisses on her scars before letting her go "By the way, mum made chocolate chip waffles - your favourite!" He tells her then runs out of her room almost barrelling into Mae who moves out of the way just in time. "I haven't seen the tyke that excited since yer father brought those brooms for the two o' yers." Aurelia laughs quietly, she wishes she can be as happy as her brother. "I've got a surprise for ye, wee moon." Mae tells Aurelia who perks up at the word 'suprise'. "A surprise?" "Aye, it's make-up. . . Special make-up that'll help hide yer scar. It's magic, I had mukker o' mine charm it for ye." Mae explains, revealing a jar of alabaster-coloured creme that she had hid behind her back. Aurelia throws herself at Mae, sobbing "Thank - thank you, Mae." as she hugs the squib tightly. "Anythin' for ye, wee moon." Mae says softly, smoothing Aurelia's hair down. "Can you put it on me now?" Aurelia questions. Mae smiles softly "O' Course! O' course!" x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Having her scars hidden from sight makes Aurelia feel a thousand times more excited about the trip to Diagon Alley. But, she's upset by the fact that her parents have left her in the company of Mae, they usually do this but Aurelia had thought that since no one can see her scars they might've taken her with them. She's used to them doing this, they always take her brother with them and leave her with Mae - their Squib maid. Thanks to this, Aurelia has become rather attached to Mae despite the fact she is a Squib and should be treated as dirt. Aurelia sighs dejectedly as her parents tug Draco away from Aurelia and down the street of the alley. Draco isn't the least bit thrilled that Aurelia won't be joining them and almost threw a fit about it but their dad had pulled him away before he could start screaming. Mae places a comforting hand on Aurelia's shoulder. "Ye want to get yer wand first?" She asks. Aurelia nods her head quickly, a small smile forming on her face. At least I have Mae, she thinks. "Let's go get yer wand then, wee moon!" Mae says giddily, "Oooh, this is gonna be excitin'! When I took little Ellie for his wand he went through about ten wands before he found the perfect wand. It had Ollivander quite frazzled." Ellie - or rather, Elliot is the boy Mae cares for. He's her adoptive son and Aurelia's met him twice, her parents think that Regulus is his father because they look so much alike but they can't tell for certain. It'd make sense if Elliot's his son since Maeve had been really close to him and Regulus would've definitely left his son in her care if he died. Before they got to Ollivander's, Mae spots her sister-in-law and her kids so she pulls Aurelia in the opposite direction of the wand shop. "Oi, I see Molly with her little ones, maybe ye can make some friends!" Mae tells Aurelia. Instinctively, Aurelia's hands move to cover her face only to remember that no one can see her scar because of the make-up. She swallows thickly and allows Mae to drag her over to the family of redheads. She knows they're the Weasleys and she has mixed feelings on them. She has been raised to hate them but she doesn't because neither Mae or her Aunt Andromeda hate them and a lot of times Aurelia finds herself siding with them instead of her parents though she doesn't mean to. She just doesn't like to be mean to people even if they're less than she is. Aurelia tugs on Mae's shirt "Are they nice?" she wonders. Mae looks down at Aurelia, she smiles and nods "O' course, they're nice! I wouldn't be introducin' ye to them if they weren't." "Molls!" She calls out to the other redhead. Aurelia can see Molly Weasley tense up but her children start grinning. "Auntie Mae!" The little girl exclaim. "Awright there, wee Ginerva!" Mae greets. The twin boys share looks of shock and whisper to each other, Aurelia covers her face and wonders if her scars are showing; Ginerva rushes forward and hugs Mae. "What are you doing here, Aunt Mae?" One of the twins asks. "Where's Ellie?" The other asks. "Ellie went to Lee's house for the day and I'm takin', Aurelia here, shopping for her school supplies." Mae replies. The Weasley children turn their attention on Aurelia. "Who are you?" One of the twins asks. "She just said my name." Aurelia says without thinking. The oldest of the kids hides a small grin by looking away, the twins share another look, the tall boy laughs from behind his mother, and Ginerva snickers. "I like her! Her hair is cool! Friends?" Ginerva says, holding out her hand for Aurelia to shake. Aurelia hesitates, her dad would never allow this but he's not here at the moment so she looks to Mae who nods and gently nudges Aurelia forward. She shakes Ginerva's hand "Friends." Ginerva grins "I'm Ginny by the way! Never call me Ginerva, only Auntie Mae can do that because she sounds funny when she says it. Do you have a nickname, your name's kind of a mouthful, I'm gonna call you, Blue!" Aurelia blinks and nods "Okay." She looks to Mae who laughs and pats her head "She's a talkative one, ain't she?" Aurelia nods and Ginny blushes. "It's okay though, I like it." Aurelia whispers. Mae points at the children "That's Percy, that's Fred and that's George, and that tree right there is, Ronniekins!" The tall one turns red and exclaims "My name's Ron!" Mae grins teasingly at him then turns to Aurelia and says: "He's goin' to be startin' Hogwarts this year." Aurelia observes Ron. They're a lot alike, she thinks, they're both tall and lanky though she's not as tall as him, she's just tall for her age, they're both covered in freckles, and they're both trying to use their mother\ mother figures as shield but are failing to do so. Ron smiles shyly at her and she decides she likes him so she holds her hand out for him to shake "Friends?" "Friends." He agrees, shaking her hand. "Hey!" The one that Aurelia thinks is Fred exclaims. "What about us?" George cries. He's got a lower voice than Fred, Aurelia notes, he's also got a mole on the right side of his neck that Fred doesn't have. "You want to be my friends too?" Aurelia asks, shocked. The twins nod and grin. "We all want to be your friends, you can't escape us now!" Fred says jokingly. Aurelia freezes, her eyes fill with tears and she presses herself into Mae. The twins' amusement turns to confusion. Aurelia breathes heavily, suddenly feeling trapped. You can't escape me now, little girl, the woman croons, Greyback will be so pleased I've found you. Aurelia's heart begins to race - this can't be happening. She's dead. She's dead. She's dead. The woman lets out a howl of pain, struggling towards Aurelia who blinks desperately trying to banish that woman from her mind. "Do you have a wand?" Ginny asks but Aurelia doesn't respond, she doesn't even look at Ginny. Aurelia grips onto Mae's shirt with all her strength, feeling the smooth material against her trembling fingertips. This isn't happening, Aurelia tells herself. It can't be happening but there's that woman standing right before her in those woods - no, in the alley that she stands in but that can't be. Come - come here, little girl, the woman calls out to Aurelia, her voice's pained. Her blonde, dishevelled hair hiding most of her scarred face. Aurelia feels a crippling fear welling up in her chest. Come here, little - little girl, please, her bones begin to crack loudly and the woman cries out painfully, almost falling at Aurelia's feet - "Do you have a wand?" Ginny asks again, tugging gently on Aurelia cloak though her mother and aunt tell her not to. Aurelia blinks, the woman's gone, finally. She's in Diagon Alley not in the forest. Aurelia grips Mae's cloak tightly, that woman is dead, Aurelia tells herself, she can't hurt you again but she was right there and it felt so real. Her fear starts to dissipate but the anxiety remains. She looks at the Weasleys hesitantly and they're all staring at her with concerned and confused expressions. Ginny waves her hand in front of Aurelia's face "Hello? I said "Do you got a wand?", well do you?" This startles Aurelia and she buries her face into Mae's cloak. "Ginny, don't do that, leave the poor girl be!" Molly scolds. Ginny huffs, not understanding the situation. "No, she ain't got a wand, not yet at least. We were just headin' to Ollivander's when I spotted you lot, thought I'd come say hi." Mae says, rubbing circles on Aurelia's back. "How nice of you, Mae." Molly says cooly. Mae grows tense but she smiles nevertheless "It's always nice to see ye, Molls and the kids, o' course. Well, Aurelia's very excited to get her wand and I best not keep her waitin'." They say their goodbyes and Ginny even hugs her, with that Mae steers Aurelia away from the Weasleys. "Mae, is . . . Is there something wrong with me . . . That - that thing happened to me again." Aurelia whimpers. Mae bends down to her eye level "There's nothin' wrong with ye, Aurelia Alice Malfoy, ye went through a very traumatic ordeal and yer still healing -" "It's been two years!" "Ye almost died, that's not something ye get over quickly, Aurelia -" "I want to get my wand now." Aurelia says simply but firmly. Mae sighs as Aurelia gives her a blank stare "Alright, wee moon, let's go get your wand." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Ollivander's is busy when they arrive, there's about five kids in there and three of them take about twenty minutes each getting their wands. One hits Aurelia right in the face with an empty wand box but she's cute so Aurelia lets it go and the last one sets Ollivander's eyebrows on fire. Three times. Even with the right wand. Finally, it's Aurelia's turn. "Hello, Mr. Ollivander." She greets politely. He studies her for a moment, glancing at Mae before he speaks: "Ah, Miss. Malfoy, here for your wand I see. . ." He disappears into the back of the shop, Aurelia can hear him muttering to himself as he rummages through the shelves. She's always had good hearing but after that incident, it has gotten better. Aurelia glances around the shop, Mae is doing the same thing only she seems to be more excited. There's a wand on the front desk that captivates her attention, she moves closer to inspect it. Aurelia notes that it's made of Cypress wood, she can tell just by looking at it, Cypress trees are her favourite. Her favourite artist, Vincent Van Gogh had painted them a lot and she even has a Cypress tree in the gardens of Malfoy Manor. Mr. Ollivander is still rummaging around so she grabs the box and reads the label. x x x Cypress Wood, Thestral Hair Core, 12 in. x x x She didn't think that she'd ever find a wand made out of Thestral hair especially here. She had once read that they are used more in the wands in Japan. Aurelia also knows what a Thestral is, she can see them due to the fact her father killed that woman right in front of her. Aurelia picks up the wand and it's lighter than she expects. It feels right, the wand fits perfectly in her hand. So, she gives it a wave like she's seen her mum and dad do some many times before and little stars and moons burst from the tip of the wand. She thinks she's found her wand, Aurelia looks at Mae who is beaming with pride. "Mr. Ollivander, sir!" Aurelia calls out, "I think I've found my wand." He reappears a few seconds later holding quite a few wand boxes, he looks surprised as he asks: "Have you, Miss. Malfoy." "I think so." Aurelia nods. "Hmmm, that is most surprising indeed, you pegged me as the type witch a wand would have difficulty choosing." He says. She narrows her eyes. Is that an insult? She wonders, it sounds like an insult, in fact it sounds like the worst insult a wand-maker can say to someone. "No matter, no matter . . . Tell me, Miss. Malfoy, what wand has chosen you?" She sheepishly presents the wand to him. The realisation that she had touched something without permission is only hitting her now. "That is quite surprising, Miss. Malfoy. I've had that wand for over a century now, it was created by my great, great grandmother, she had been quite proud of that wand, Thestral hair is one if not the most difficult to use in wand-making. When I was a young boy she often told me that the hair came from the very Thestral in the tale of the Unicorn and the Thestral tale." Aurelia's eyes light up, she knows that tale off by heart. Her mum and dad read that to her and Draco all the time, it's their favourite bedtime story. "Whoa!" Mr. Ollivander grabs another display box "She made a wand with the hair from the Unicorn but she told me that the Unicorn hair wouldn't cooperate with the Cypress wood for reasons she couldn't understand so she used Cherry wood. Your wand here gave her a hard time and for decades she was nervous to put up for sale and when she did most people refused to even try it because of its core." "Thestrals ain't that bad." Aurelia says softly, "They're just misunderstood and weird looking." Mr. Ollivander gives her a weird look but nods his head, she hands him the money for the wand and leaves with Mae. "I wonder what kind of wand Draco's gonna get?" Mae says to Aurelia. She shrugs her shoulders, studying her wand "M'not sure, probably something boring." Mae laughs and shakes her head "Ye seem real impressed with that wand of yers, wee moon." "Oh, I am." Aurelia says, "I think Draco should be at Madam Maulkin's right now, can we go there . . . I wanna rub it in his face that my wand is cooler than his is!" "I don't think he's got his wand yet, wee moon." Mae says. "So, why would that stop me from bragging about my wand?" "What if his wand ends up being cooler than yers?" Aurelia snorts "As if. . . So, can we!" "We can. . ." Mae says, she then points at the Magical Menagerie, ". . . Or we could get ye that cat you've always wanted. Aurelia stops walking to gape at Mae "But - but - but dad said I ain't allowed to have a pet!" "Well, I say that ye can because ye deserve one." Mae argues, "It's not like he has to take care of it, it'll be with you at Hogwarts for most of the year." "You could get in trouble for going against his wishes." Aurelia says fearfully, she doesn't want to lose Mae. "I won't get in trouble, yer mum says ye can get a cat, she knows you've wanted a cat for years now so she agrees with me. If your dad as anythin' to say against it, he'll have to deal with her. Merlin have mercy on him if he does." "Oh!" Aurelia mumbles, smiling "I can get a cat? I can actually get a cat?!" "Yes, wee moon, ye can get a cat." Mae replies, smiling. Aurelia squeals excitedly and runs towards the Magical Menagerie. Mae follows after her, she doesn't have the heart to scold Aurelia for running off. This is the happiest she's been in a long time. Aurelia pushes her way through the door of the shop and begins to look for the cat she wants. It doesn't take her long to find the one she wants. Mae comes to rest at her side and Aurelia points at the little kitten she wants so badly. "That one, Mae. I want that one." Aurelia says firmly. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Weeks have passed since the trip to Diagon Alley, it's now the morning of September first and Aurelia Malfoy is finally going to Hogwarts. She's got her wand, she's got her little kitten who likes to sit on her shoulder instead of the cage she bought for him, she's got everything she needs for Hogwarts. Unlike her brother, who not only slept in but had forgot to finish packing the night before. Yet, somehow he's the one getting a more affectionate goodbye. He almost made them late for the train had it not been for the fact their mum had relented and used a little magic to help him pack. Her parents seems to have forgotten this as they praised and dotted on him in that moment as Aurelia stood of to the side. They had already given her their goodbyes, her mum gave her a kiss and hug and tearful goodbye, her dad gave her a kiss on the forehead and a stiff hug. Then they tossed her aside for Draco. Aurelia blinks away tears, as usual she's the least favourite, she's the odd one out, and she's not sure what she had done wrong to be treated this way. She turns to Mae. Even though Mae's a Squib and Aurelia shouldn't care about her, she does. More often than not, she finds herself looking to Mae for comfort instead of her parents, sometimes Aurelia feels that Mae is the only family she has next to Draco. Mae smiles sadly at Aurelia, bending down to her eye level "I'm gonna miss ye, wee moon." Aurelia throws her arms around Mae's neck "I'm gonna miss you too, Mae!" Mae hugs her tightly, her warm embrace is the most comforting thing Aurelia knows. "Mae . . . What if - what if I don't get into Slytherin?" Aurelia whispers, finally asking the question that's been plaguing her mind since she had turned eleven. "Nothin' will happen." Mae whispers back. Aurelia shakes her head and pulls away "No. . . Maybe for Draco but - but not for me." "Nothin' will happen, wee moon, I promise ye. No matter which house yer sorted into, nothin' will happen because I won't let it." Mae says firmly. Aurelia hugs her again, Mae pats her back "Now, before ye get on that train, I want to take a picture!" For the first time in two years, Aurelia doesn't object to having her picture taken. Instead she grins brightly and nods her head. Mae smiles, pulling a camera out of her handbag "Okay, smile!" "I'm already smiling!" Aurelia says, striking a pose. Mae chuckles and snaps the photo. When Aurelia hears the click of the camera, she drops her pose and skips over to Mae. Aurelia straightens out her yellow dress and buttons up the jean jacket she had gotten from her cousin, Nym, who had outgrown it. Mae smooths out Aurelia's pigtailed braids. "Oh, you've grown so fast, wee moon!" Aurelia turns as red as Mae's hair and for the third time hugs her "See you soon, Mae." "Aye, wee moon . . . Do ye know what to do?" Mae asks softly, gesturing to the barrier. She nods her head "Yes, I gotta run in between those two pillar things there to get to the platform. Are you gonna come with me?" Mae frowns "No, wee moon." Her expression is torn between disdain and longing and Aurelia realises that she never got to go on Platform 9 and 3\4 the same way Aurelia's about to. She feels bad for even asking. "Oh, okay." Aurelia mumbles. "I'm sorry, wee moon." Mae apologises, placing a kiss on her forehead, "Ye have fun at Hogwarts, make friends and behave!" "I will, Mae!" Then Aurelia runs through the barrier, she looks around the platform trying to spot the Weasleys but she has no such luck and so she gets on the train. Aurelia finds herself an empty compartment, she doesn't bother trying to make any friends though she wants to, she highly doubts anyone will want to be her friend. She settles into the compartment and pulls out To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee to read. On her last visit to the Tonks, about a week ago, to get a better handle on her Metamorphmagus abilities, Nym had given her the book. Nym had said that she reminds her of Scout Finch on certain occasions. Aurelia's read the book twice now, it's become her favourite, and she's not exactly sure how she's anything thing like Scout Finch. She isn't reading for very long long when a nervous looking boy comes knocking on the compartment door. He's a plump little thing, about a foot shorter than herself, he's got light brown hair that Aurelia can just tell used to be blonde and greenish-brown eyes. He's familiar, Aurelia knows him from somewhere. The boy's round face is beet red and he looks around nervously as he stammers: "Can - Can I s - s - sit here? P - p - please, everywhere else is f - full." Aurelia knows this can't be true, the train had only just started moving twenty minutes ago. She nods anyway, she'll feel too bad if she doesn't let him sit with her. He rushes into the compartment and takes a seat right next to her despite the open seat across from them. "I'm N - Neville long - Longbottom!" He blurts out. She knows that name. Well, bullocks! Aurelia definitely knows this boy, she can't think of where she knows him from but sweet Merlin, she knows him. His face is too familiar to her. In the same way that her Aunt Bellatrix is familiar to her, she's seen the woman's face, she's got clear memories of her but Aurelia doesn't know where they came from because her mum and dad insist that Aunt Bellatrix had only around her and Draco a few times. Neville waves his had in front of her face. "Huh?" Aurelia mumbles, blinking. "Are - Aren't you go - gonna tell me you - your name?" Neville asks. "Oh!" Yeah, I - I'm Aurelia Malfoy." Neville sits up straighter and smiles "You're related to Lyra Black?" She thinks for a moment then nods "Yeah, she's my aunt. . . I've only met her once though." Neville grins, saying: "She's my godmum! She - she told me about you." "Really? What did she say?" Nothing good, Aurelia knows that for certain, Lyra hates her and she had made that the clear the first and only time they had met. Neville's smile disappears "Oh, just - just that you'd be - be starting Hogwarts this - this year." Aurelia nods, though she knows he's lying. Between the fact she knows her aunt wouldn't hesitate to slander her and the fact Neville's voice got slightly higher. Changing the subject, Aurelia asks: "What's your toad's name?" He looks down at the toad in his hands "Trevor. . . What's your cat's name?" "Freddie." She replies, too embarrassed to tell Neville her cat's full name. She doubts he'll find it as funny as Nym did. "What are you reading?" Neville wonders. Aurelia's eyes light up "To Kill a Mockingbird. . ." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Only an hour into the train ride, the two of them had fallen asleep. Neville fell asleep first, his head rested on her shoulder as she lulled him to sleep with the book and her very soothing and very impressive southern accent. Aurelia fell asleep shortly after him. Their peaceful slumber only last two hours as Aurelia has a nightmare and wakes up screaming. She had been hoping to catch a break as she's had nothing but nightmare for the past week. Aurelia falls off the seat, trying to get away from the werwolf chasing after her. Neville leans over her and she shields her face from him, crying out for him to leave her alone. "What - what's happened?" Neville questions, panicked, "You - your hair!" Her hair has turned white with fright. "I had a nightmare." Aurelia mumbles. Neville doesn't hear her "You - your hair, it - it's white!" "Oh, yeah. . . It does that sometimes. . . I'm a Metamorphmagus." "You're a what?" "A - a - a meta - a Metamorphmagus. . . They can -" "I know what they are, they're rare! I've never met one before. Lyra said that her one niece, Nymph - Nymphadora was a Metamorphmagus. I think that's so cool!" She blushes at indirectly being called cool. "B - b - but if it's not your hair then why are - are you screaming?" Neville wonders. "I had a nightmare." Aurelia replies, hoping to Merlin that he doesn't ask what it had been about. "Oh. . . Are you alright?" She nods, he helps her off the ground and back onto the seat. Suddenly his eyes widen in horror as he stares at his hands "Oh, no! I - I've lost Trevor again!" The toad must've hopped out of the compartment while they slept. Neville looks close to tears and Aurelia feels so bad for him. "Don't worry, we'll find him! We can look for him, I can go one way and you can go the other. Trevor can't have gone far. . . How does that sound?" Neville sniffles and nods his head. So, they split up in search of Neville's lost toad. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x During her quest for Trevor, Aurelia finds many things but he's not one of them. She finds a very mean Hufflepuff who compares her to her imprisoned Aunt Bellatrix, she finds the Boy-Who-Lived sitting with Ron Weasley, both of whom had already been asked by two other people about a toad. Aurelia finds another first year who offers her a seat in the compartment, she's wearing a Queen shirt and Aurelia knows that she'll have to befriend her at one point, for Nym's sake at least. It seems that Neville had no such luck finding Trevor either. They reunite at Hogsmeade station when the train comes to a stop. Neville is empty-handed and distraught. "Don't worry, he'll turn up eventually." Aurelia reassures him. A giant man that Aurelia knows to be Hagrid calls over all the first years. Neville doesn't move an inch, clearly terrified by him. Aurelia grabs Neville's hand and leads him over with all the other first years. "Don't worry, Neville! Hagrid's harmless, my cousin told me so!" Aurelia tells Neville who nods. "I - I know." He mumbles, his godmother works at Hogwarts as the Muggle Studies teacher, he knows a lot about the staff and he knows that Hagrid's really nice but he's still scared of him. Hagrid leads the first years to a bunch of boats. Aurelia pales at the sight of them, she internally screams at the lake before her. Oh, bloody hell! She hates water, she always has. It's been that way for as long as she can remember. Neville gets into the boat cautiously, afraid that he might tip it over. Aurelia still hasn't moved a muscle, so he gets out and helps her in. She sits down, clutching the side of the boat for dear life as Neville takes a spot next to her. Two other girls take a seat in the boat. "Are you alright?" Neville wonders. She swallows thickly "Don't laugh, but . . . I'm afraid of water." "Can't you swim?" One of the girls asks. Aurelia looks at her nervously before replying: "I can swim but water still scares me." The girl nods, playing with one of her blonde pigtails "I don't blame you, I can't even see the bottom - I'm Hannah, by the way! Hannah Abbott." "I'm Aurelia Malfoy." Hannah turns Neville, her pink face getting even pinker as she asks: "And you are?" "Neville Longbottom." Neville whispers. "I'm Olivia!" The other girl blurts out, "Olivia Newton and, yes, my mother knew exactly what she was doing when she named me." The three share a confused look, they don't understand what Olivia meant by that. But, Aurelia recognises Olivia as the one who had been wearing that Queen shirt on the train. "I'm a Muggle-Born!" Olivia says brightly than flinches. While, Neville and Hannah show no signs of prejudice, Aurelia does though she doesn't mean to. Aurelia doesn't quite believe that Muggles and Muggle-Borns are below her to the extent that her parents do. In fact, she hardly believes it anymore, she did once but that had been before she had met her Uncle Ted. Still, it's a habit of hers to move away or frown at them when she sees one. Realising how rude that had been, Aurelia mutters an apology and leans into Neville. Olivia's no longer phased by her reaction as she continues to ramble on, excitedly. "How much do you know about Hogwarts? I tried to read it but that was too boring for me! I couldn't sit through even a few pages of Hogwarts: a History. My dad's a History professor and I love history but the books are always so boring, he tried to read it to me but I got distracted. I did happen to hear that there's a talking hat that places us into different house, or something like that - how do you think that works, what does that mean?" Aurelia knows the answer to this but she's too embarrassed to speak. "Yeah." Neville whispers, "My - my godmum works at Hogwarts . . . There's a Sorting Hat that will sort you into the different Hogwarts Houses." "Whoa! What are the houses?" Olivia gasps. "Well, there's Gryffindor for the brave, there's Slytherin for the ambitious, Raveclaw for the creative and wise, and Hufflepuff for the loyal. At least, that's how my godmum explained it to me." Aurelia almost sighs in relief. She's plenty of ambitious, so she's got a good chance of being sorted into Slytherin. "What house are y'all hoping to get into?" Olivia asks them giddily. "Hufflepuff!" Hannah answers proudly, "Most of my family has been in that house!" "My parents were in Gryffindor and I want to - to be in there as well but I - I don't think I'm brave enough." Suddenly it hits Aurelia, she knows Neville because of her Aunt Bellatrix. She tortured the Longbottoms, Alice and Frank, both of whom had been Gryffindors. That's why Aunt Bellatrix is in Azkaban now. Neville's parents are in St. Mungo's because of her aunt and he must know this because he knows Lyra and there's no way one can't tell she's related to Bellatrix. Oh, bloody hell! Aurelia frowns "That's not true, I think you're loads of brave! You wouldn't have sat with me if you weren't!" "What's that got to do with -" Olivia goes to ask but she's interrupted by Hannah. "Oh, look! Isn't it beautiful!" Hannah exclaims excitedly. In the distance, Hogwarts can be seen. It's much larger than Aurelia expects. "Wow!" Olivia gasps breathless, her dark brown eyes alight with excitement and wonder. Soon they arrive on the castle grounds, Hannah helps Aurelia out of the boat along with Neville, Olivia gets out of the boat just fine despite bouncing around excitedly. "Oi, you there, is this yer toad?" Hagrid asks after he checked the boat Neville had just left. "Trevor!" Neville cries blissfully, grabbing his toad from Hagrid. Then Hagrid leads them up a passage way towards the castle. The closer they get to the castle, the more nervous Aurelia gets. She glances at Neville to see that he looks deeply saddened. "Hey, Neville?" She questions, "Why so blue?" Neville looks up and raises an eyebrow "That's green." Aurelia turns red, grabbing a handful of her hair. It is indeed green. Aurelia's not surprised by this, whenever she tries to make her a certain colour she usually gets it wrong; she's hopeless. "Oh, well . . . In that case, just ignore my joke completely!" Aurelia laughs nervously. Neville doesn't laugh and she worries that she's ruined any chance of friendship with him. He walks ahead of her and fear bubbles in the pit of her stomach. She matches his pace with ease, Aurelia bites her lip as she tries to think of a good ice-breaker. 'I fought a werewolf!' comes to mind multiple times like Draco encouraged she use but she'd rather not tell anyone about the ugly scars on her face just yet. Neville turns to her "Do - do you hate Muggle-borns?" Aurelia stiffens. Lyra had told him to expect this but he's still disappointed by it nevertheless, he frowns "I - I saw how you reacted to - to that girl on the boat. . . If - if you -" "I don't hate Muggle-Borns!" Aurelia says. She's not sure but she wants to be his friend so desperately. "You don't?" "No, I don't - I don't know!" Aurelia starts to cry, "I don't know what I think." Aurelia hugs herself. She just wants friends even if those friends go against what she's supposed to believe. "I don't hate them." She says firmly. Neville nods and they continue their way up to Hogwarts. The group of first years soon arrive at the castle door, Hagrid knocks of the door and it swings open at once. A tall, strict-looking, black-haired witch stands in the doorway. From beside her, she hears Neville gulp loudly and she turns to him, he looks very intimidated by the witch. "That's Professor McGonagall." Aurelia whispers in his ear, "Nym tells me she's the bee's knees." Neville snorts quietly as Hagrid exchanges a few words with Professor McGonagall. "Bee's knees?" Neville questions quietly, "Who even say - says that?" Professor McGonagall beckons the first years inside. "I do! All the time, it's fun to say!" Aurelia gasps, pretending to be offended. Neville giggles and she gives him a pointed look. "Okay, okay . . . It's a little fun to say." He relents. "It's a lot of fun to say!" Aurelia says, grinning. Professor McGonagall leads them through the Entrance Hall to a small chamber just off the side. "Welcome to Hogwarts." She says, "The Start-Of-Term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory, and spend free time in your house common room." Aurelia shares a look with Neville, if she can't get into Slytherin then she hope she gets into Gryffindor - she just knows that he's going to be a Gryffindor - with him. Although, Aurelia doesn't think she has the qualities of a Gryffindor. "The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule-breaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." Professor McGonagall's gaze lingers on Neville's cloak which is fastened under his left ear "I shall return when we are ready for you." She leaves the chamber and Aurelia suddenly feels sick to her stomach. Every Malfoy ever has been sorted into Slytherin, that's where she must go. Her dad, shortly after the twins had received their Hogwarts Acceptance Letter, had sat them down to answer their questions about Hogwarts. At one point, he had looked at them with that steely gaze of his and said: "You'll be in Slytherin, I know that for certain." which in Aurelia's mind, roughly translated to: "It's Slytherin or bust, kids." Aurelia is distracted from her thoughts by startled screams of the other first years. Neville grabs onto Aurelia's hand, letting out a frightful gasp. She looks up to see multiple ghosts floating by, she's not that surprised by this has Nym had told her all about them. Neville lets go of of her hand, turning red as he stammers out an apology. She shrugs it off with a smile and proceeds to fix his cloak. "Hope to see you all in Hufflepuff, that was my old house, you know." Aurelia hears one of the ghosts say. "Move along. The Sorting Ceremony is about to start." Professor McGonagall commands upon returning to the chamber, "Now, form a line and follow me." Aurelia's hair turns a vibrant white with a green hue, she feels sick. Nevertheless, she does as she's told and gets in line behind Neville. The group of first years enter the great hall, Aurelia's too nervous to be in awe of it like most of the other first years are. Aurelia spots the Weasley twins sitting at the Gryffindor table and they seem to have spotted her as well as they give her a thumbs up. They come to a stop, the Sorting is about to begin. Aurelia doesn't want to disappoint her parents. Not again. In front of her, Neville is dealing with the same fear. He wants to be in Gryffindor but he thinks it might be easier and better if he's sorted into Hufflepuff. Without thinking, Neville grabs Aurelia's hand. Although, he's wary of her because of the things Lyra had told him about her, he can't help but find comfort in her. There's something about her that's oddly familiar, he can't put his finger on it but he feels as though they're meant to be friends. When Aurelia squeezes his hand, he realises what he has done and quickly pulls his hand away. He goes to apologise but he falls silent as the Sorting Hat starts singing its' song. The whole hall bursts into applause when the Sorting Hat finishes singing. It bows to each of the four tables and becomes still again. "I'm sorry that I keep grabbing your hand." Neville apologises. Professor McGonagall steps forward, holding a long roll of parchment and announces: "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted." Professor McGonagall clears her throat "Abbott, Hannah!" Hannah stumbles out of line, puts on the hat, which falls right down over her eyes, and sits down on the stool. A moments pause and then the hat shouts: "HUFFLEPUFF!" Aurelia claps her hands for the blonde than holds one out for Neville to hold "Don't apologise, it really doesn't bother me, you call hold my hand all you want . . . You have soft skin by the way." Neville's eyebrows scrunch together as he peers at her, confused "Th - th - thank you?" "You're welcome." Aurelia says softly. They hold hands until Neville gets called up, as she expects he gets sorted into Gryffindor. She claps for him but she's quickly stopped by Draco. "What are you doing?" He hisses. "Clapping for my friend." She replies, frowning. "He's a Longbottom! You can't be friends with him!" He tells her, shaking his head. "Why not?" He gives her an incredulous look "You know why!" "I - oh." "L - Malfoy, Aurelia." Professor McGonagall calls out. She swallows thickly and puts on her best Malfoy facade and struts up to the stool. Before she takes a seat, she catches her aunt's hateful glare from the staff table. Aurelia's false confidence almost wilts right then and there but she does her best to give Aunt Lyra a smug grin. Once she sits down, the Sorting Hat is placed on her head. "A Black, huh? It's certainly been awhile since I've sorted one of you. You're just like your mother." Aurelia just barely represses the urge to turn to Aunt Lyra and stick out her tongue. The woman had told her that she's just like her Aunt Bellatrix more than her mother. "However, Slytherin is not the house for you." Uh, excuse me Mr. Sorting Hat but what the bloody hell do you mean Slytherin isn't for me? I have to be in Slytherin! The Sorting Hat chuckles "While you have a few Slytherin traits, they aren't your strongest. You're more hard-working than you are ambitious, you're more fair than you are cunning, you're not the most patient person, neither was your mother... Just like her, your strongest trait is loyalty. You value loyalty over all your traits which is what makes Hufflepuff the perfect house for you. Hufflepuff will help you grow into the talented witch you are meant to be." No, Aurelia thinks, I can't be in Hufflepuff! Put me in Slytherin, Mr. Sorting Hat! Everyone in her bloody family save for Sirius Black and Nym, had been in Slytherin. Put me in Slytherin. "Your father wasn't in Slytherin. I'm surprised to see who he is but he most definitely wasn't a Slytherin." What do you - "HUFFLEPUFF!" Aurelia almost screams. They'll never forgive her for this. From behind her, she hears Aunt Lyra choke on her wine: "What?!" She's a disappointment, she's a failure. She's the odd one out as usual. Professor McGonagall places her hand on Aurelia's shoulder "Miss. L - Malfoy, you must take your seat at your house table now." Aurelia nods her head, blinking away tears. She steps off the stool and stumbles over to the table. "Malfoy, Draco!" The Sorting Hat shouts: "SLYTHERIN!" without hesitation. Why is always her? Why is it always Aurelia who ends up being different. Why is she always the odd one out. She thinks it's terribly unfair that no matter how hard she tries to be a Malfoy even though she doesn't like what they like, she's always treated second best. Any chance of being the golden child has just been thrown out the window all thanks to a stupid, singing/talking hat! She'll forever be the odd one out, what kind of Malfoy doesn't get sorted into Slytherin?! How can she be that much of a failure? Aurelia begrudgingly takes a seat at the Hufflepuff table. "Hello!" A bronze-haired teen greets her, "Welcome to Hufflepuff, I'm Cedric Diggory - oh! You're crying." Aurelia nods her head, letting out a pitiful whine "I'm not su - su - supposed to be in Hufflepuff!" "Well, the Sorting Hat is never wrong... Honestly, Hufflepuff isn't that bad of a house, I swear to you, you'll make lots of friends and good memories here." "I know, my cousin was in this house but - but I can't be in it. My parents will - will be so - so mad, they might e - even kick me out!" Cedric pulls her into a one-armed hug which surprises her "Well, here in Hufflepuff we're one big family, so if that happens, I'll be your new mother." "Wh -" "Shhh, I'll be your new mother now . . . We Hufflepuffs have got your back now, we'll be your family if you need one." Although it's weird to hear a teenaged boy call himself her mother, it's oddly comforting at the same time. Aurelia smiles, maybe Hufflepuff won't be so bad, maybe this is her chance to find her place. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Aurelia suffers from PTSD (but she doesn't realise it) and it's not something I suffer from but I've done research on it and I'm trying my best to portray it properly, if anyone thinks I'm portraying it wrong please kindly let me know so I can fix it. I don't want to portray it the wrong as it is a serious issue that I want to handle it seriously... Of course, I had to keep the original ending of the prologue from Make Them Gold, Mama Cedric is too iconic to leave out! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter! word count: 8881
ACT i, CHAPTER one! i. Werewolf Woes x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x HER BREATH CATCHES IN HER THROAT, EYES widening in horror "You - You're a were - werewolf?" The fear in Aurelia's eyes breaks Professor Lupin's heart "Miss. Black, I'm -" "No! Get - Get a - away from me!" She exclaims, stumbling backwards. Most of the students in the Great Hall have abandoned their breakfast to either gawk at their Professor who happens to be a werewolf or watch the drama unfolding before them. Some had even gone as far to howl at him which had put Aurelia on edge - she can't stand the sound of howling. Tears blur her vision, she doesn't see Professor Lupin but that werewolf who attacked her. That ecstatic blonde-haired woman with the dishevelled hair and the mad glint in her eyes invades Aurelia's mind and it's just like she's back in that forest. "Get - Get away from me, werewolf!" She exclaims. From behind her, Neville gasps in surprise. Dean and Seamus share looks of disappointment. This is the most Malfoy thing she's ever done. The crunch of the leaves, the painful cries of the woman as she transforms is all Aurelia can hear. Aurelia trips over her own two feet trying to get away from Professor Lupin who in Aurelia's mind isn't really Professor Lupin. He bends down, speaking softly: "Miss. Black, you are safe, you are at Hogwarts. You are not in danger." She squeezes her eyes shut, the woman's getting closer. "Miss. Black, listen to me . . . You are not in danger." She's getting even closer, Aurelia can hear her pained breathing clearly, she can hear the shifting of her bones as she transforms into a werewolf. Draco pushes his way through the gathering crowd and leans next to her "Lia?" Aurelia pays no attention to him, her eyes are focused on something just behind Professor Lupin. She's right in front of her. Nobody else is freaking out, why aren't they freaking out? There's a woman about to turn into a werewolf and she's so close Aurelia can feel her breathing on her face. Aurelia whimpers as the werewolf opens her jaws and - "Lia, it's okay, you're in Hogwarts." Draco says quietly. The werewolf raises her paw but she doesn't strike Aurelia. Draco shakes Aurelia earning a scolding remark from Professor Lupin. He glares at the professor then turns back to Aurelia "C'mon, Lia! Snap out of it!" Aurelia whines and tries to move away from the werewolf but something is holding her in her place. She struggles in Draco's hold. Neville realises something very wrong is happening to Aurelia, it's not what he thinks. He leans down next to her and asks: "Ari, are you al -" "Stay out of this, Longbottom!" Draco snarls, pushing him away from Aurelia. He turns back to her, "Lia, it's not real . . . Here!" Draco remembers the tricks his father had used on her, they had worked most of the time, he pulls his wand from his pocket, saying: "Orchideous!" and a bouquet of brightly coloured flowers burst from the tip of his wand and he holds them in out in front of Aurelia's face "Look at the flowers, Lia." She stare right past them for a few seconds so Draco grabs her one hands and brings them up to touch the flowers "Look at the flowers, Lia." Aurelia blinks, her fingers graze over the flowers and then her eyes widen. A gasp leaves her lips and she squeezes the flower petals, tearing them. She realises that she's in the Great Hall, she had never left . . . Aurelia has these moments a lot where she slips back into that moment and she thinks it's happening over again, but it's never happened at Hogwarts before. She looks around the Great Hall, her face turns bright red. Her guts twist painfully and she's overcome with dread. "Fuck." She mutters under her breath. She looks to Neville then to Dean and Seamus, Dean is glaring at her. Her heart races, oh no, her hair turns a dull grey. She had never had one of these at Hogwarts before and none of her friends know about the werewolf that had attacked her. They probably think she's being prejudiced towards him or something. She needs to get out of here, many people are staring at her like she's some kind of freak, she needs to get away. Professor Lupin helps her up "Come along, Miss. Black, I'll take you to see Madam Pomfrey." Aurelia doesn't want to see Madam Pomfrey, she doesn't want to go anywhere near the hospital wing; Professor Lupin leads her out of the Great Hall. Draco looks at the crowd and snarls "What are you staring at?! Don't you have anything better to do?" x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Aurelia manages to convince Professor Lupin not to bring her to the hospital wing so he brings her to his office where he offers her a chocolate bar. They sit in silence as Professor Lupin packs up his things and she wraps her brain around the fact that her favourite professor next Professor Binns is a bloody werewolf. "Do you have to resign?" Aurelia wonders, breaking apart her chocolate bar. Aurelia, although terrified by the fact he's a werewolf, doesn't want him to leave. She does enjoy him as a teacher and as a person as well, she knows he can't help what he is. He has always been so kind to her, and in the past year she has come to view him as a father. That fact that he's a werewolf doesn't change much, she had just be caught off guard, werewolves still terrify her to this day. But Remus, himself, doesn't terrify her. Professor Lupin swallows the bite of chocolate he had been chewing and says: "I'm afraid I must, Miss. Black." "No, sir!" She protests, "Can't you continue to teach?!" "I don't think many parents will want a werewolf teaching their children." "Fuck them." Aurelia says aggressively. "Language!" He scolds, glancing up from the Marauder's Map on his desk, she rolls her eyes. "English them." She rephrases her previous comment in a sarcastic tone, he gives her a dry look. "What, you told me 'Language.' and English is a language, professor." She counters, sweetly. "I meant - never mind." He sighs and she grins victorious. Her grin quickly turns into a frown as he places yet another thing in his trunk. "Please, can't you stay? I'll give you more chocolate bars!" She begs. "You've already given me two hundred of them." Professor Lupin laughs softly, shaking his head. "Two hundred and seven." Aurelia corrects, "Please stay?" "This is for the best, Miss Black." "I didn't mean to - to do . . . That." Aurelia whispers, "Please don't leave because of that . . . Please, sir." "Miss. Black, I'm not solely leaving because of that. I know you didn't mean to do that, it's nothing you can control so please don't feel bad about it." Professor Lupin says, "I'm leaving because it will cause too many problems if I'm to stay." Aurelia attempts to argue further but she's interrupted by a knock on the door, they look over their shoulders to find Harry standing in the doorway. Harry looks surprised to see Aurelia there "Is Professor Lupin here?" he wonders. Aurelia wonders if he had witnessed her outburst. She swallows thickly, feeling panicked yet again, he might be angry with her like her friends seem to be. "I saw you coming -" Professor Lupin begins to say. "Where wolf?" She blurts out. "Yes, he's a werewolf but that's not -" "There wolf." Aurelia blurts out again, pointing at Professor Lupin. "Miss Black, you are worse than Sirius was when he was your age." Professor Lupin groans. "Ah, yes that's what every girl loves to hear, that she's just like a mass-murderer!" Aurelia says sarcastically. "Actually, Blue. Your father's innocent." Harry tells her. She stares at him, frustration bubbling in the pit of her stomach. Sirius isn't her father. If one more person calls her 'Black's daughter' she's going to scream. Seamus Finnigan just had to go and start that joke about her being Sirius' secret daughter. Though, she reminds herself, it's still a step up from his on-going 'Aurelia's Bellatrix's daughter!' joke. Aurelia's lucky that it had been the Sirius joke that caught on and not the other. "He's innocent?" Harry nods "Oh, yes, Sirius is innocent. It was Peter Pettigrew that did everything Sirius was accused of. I figured since he's your dad and all, you had the right to know. And we helped him escape last night, I'm sure he'll be in contact with you soon." "He's not my dad, Harry." Aurelia replies, still processing the fact that Sirius is innocent, someone from her family besides the Tonks had turned out good. "He's not?" "No, those were just rumors that Seamus spread around to get a rise out of me, like the one where Bellabitch Leshithead was my mother, imagine if she was and Sirius was my father as well, do you know how incesty that would be?! Not that the most noble and ancient house of Black would be against it." Aurelia explains, snorting. "He's really not your father?" "Nope, there's no chance at all he's my father." A minute passes before Harry mutters, "Oh." looking very confused, "Well, uh, don't tell anyone that we helped a supposed murder escape." "Oh, damn, that would've been a great conversation starter. Thanks for ruining my fun, Harold." Aurelia quips "My name isn't, Harold!" Harry says, giving her a funny look. "It's Harold in my book." She says. Harry sighs then turns to Professor Lupin who is watching the two teens, clearly amused. "I just saw Hagrid." Harry says, "And he said you'd resigned. It's not true, is it?" "I'm afraid it is," Professor Lupin replies, opening his desk drawers and taking out the contents. "Why?" Harry asks, "The Ministry of Magic don't think you were helping Sirius, do they?" Professor Lupin crosses over to the door and closes it behind Harry "No. Professor Dumbledore managed to convince Fudge that I was trying to save your lives. That was the final straw for Severus. I think the loss of the Order of Merlin hit him hard. So he - er - accidentally let slip that I am a werewolf this morning at breakfast." "Accidentally." Aurelia scoffs, "Accidentally, my ass." "You're not leaving just because of that!" Harry exclaims, earning a wryly smile from the professor. "This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from parents . . . They will not want a werewolf teaching their children, Harry. And after last night, I see their point. I could have bitten any of you . . . That must never happen again." "You're the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had!" Harry cries, "Don't go!" "My point exactly!" Aurelia pipes in. "From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry. If I'm proud of anything I've done this year, it's how much you've learned . . . Tell me about your Patronus." "How d'you know about that?" Harry wonders. "What else could have driven the Dementors back?" "You produced a Patronus?!" Aurelia questions, looking at Harry in amazement, he nods and tells the story of how he had produced his Patronus. She had produced her Patronus too, Aurelia had learned about the spell from Maeve years ago and when Professor Lupin had offered to teach her how to conjure one after she had been attacked by the Dementors and Aurelia had eagerly accepted his help. It had taken her two attempts to conjure her Patronus and it had been a corporeal one but it had only lasted two seconds. The memory she had used to conjure it had been of her Aunt Bellatrix and the moment the realisation that her happiest memory consisted of the person who had tortured her best friend/crush's parents, the guilt hit her hard and it had disappeared. It had been a hummingbird. Aurelia hasn't attempted to conjure her Patronus since then. When Harry had finished his story, Professor Lupin smiles "Yes, your father was always a stag when he transformed. You guessed right... That's why we called him, Prongs." Professor Lupin tells Harry, throwing his last few books into his case, he closes the desk drawers and turns to look at Harry, "Here - I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last night," and hands Harry back his Invisibility Cloak. "You've got a Invisibility cloak too?" Aurelia asks and Harry nods, "Wow, those are super rare, my mum and dad bought me one for my eighth birthday it's the most expensive thing they've ever bought me, Draco pitched a fit because he didn't get one as well." Harry laughs. "And. . ." Professor Lupin hesitates then holds out the Marauder's Map, "I am no longer your teacher, so I don't feel guilty about giving you back this as well. It's no use to me, and I daresay you, Ron, and Hermione will find uses for it." Harry takes the the map and grins "You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, Foxtrot, and Prongs would've wanted to lure me out of school. . . You said they'd have thought it was funny." "And so we would have," Professor Lupin replies, now reaching down to close his case, Aurelia's confused as to who they're talking about, "I have no hesitation in saying that James would have been highly disappointed if his son had never found any of the secret passages out of the castle." There's a knock on the door and Harry hastily stuffs the Marauder's Map and the invisibility cloak into his pocket. It's Professor Dumbledore, he doesn't look surprised to see Harry and Aurelia there "Your carriage is at the gates, Remus." he announces. "Thank you, Headmaster." Professor Lupin says, picking up his old suitcase and the empty Grindylow tank. "Well, goodbye, Harry, Aurelia" he adds, smiling, "It has been a real pleasure teaching you. I feel sure we'll meet again some time. Headmaster, there is no need to see me to the gates, I can manage." "Goodbye, then, Remus." Professor Dumbledore says soberly and Professor Lupin shifts the Grindylow tank slightly so that they could shake hands. Then, with a final nod to Harry and Aurelia, Professor Lupin leaves the office. Aurelia excuses herself shortly after, she doesn't like being around Professor Dumbledore. It's not that she doesn't dislike him per se, it's that she doesn't like the vibes he gives off. She especially doesn't like how he looks at her, it's like he knows something about her that not even she knows and it gives her the heebie-jeebies. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Neville's worried about Aurelia. Dean and Seamus suggest that her reaction is due to the fact that she still holds a little prejudice in her heart but Neville can't help but think there's something more to it than that. That hadn't been hatred in her eyes but unmistakable horror. It's rare that he sees Aurelia look so fearful and vulnerable, she's usually very confident. He tries to think up reasons as to why she had reacted the way she had. Up until today Aurelia had adored Professor Lupin even when he made her face her Boggart despite the fact she asked him not to. He told to her to at least give it a try and if she couldn't face the - oh. He turns to Dean and Seamus and exclaims: "She's afraid of werewolves! Re - remember, her Boggart's a werewolf!" "Oh!" Dean and Seamus gasp in realisation. The two boys are just about to head to Hogsmeade with the other students, Neville can't go because of the whole password fiasco and even if he could he much rather wait here for Aurelia to come back to the Great Hall so he can make sure she's alright. "Well, that sure makes sense." Dean says, he no longer looks angry with Aurelia. Seamus nods "Yeah, how could we forget that? . . . Are you sure you don't want us to stay behind with you, we really don't mind?" Seamus' Irish accent is so thick and even though Neville has known him for three years, he still has trouble understanding what he says. Which is quite odd since he happens to understand Aurelia's Scottish accent perfectly. "Do you want us to stay with you?" Dean supplies, seeing the confused look on Neville's face. "Oh! Er, no. . . I'm fine, really." The two hesitate. "I'm fine, I'm gonna wait for Aurelia, she'll be back soon." Dean nods his and turns to leave with the others for Hogsmeade, while he isn't looking Seamus makes kissy faces at him until Dean comes back to grab him by the hand and drag him out of the great hall. In return Neville makes kissy faces at him while Seamus is led out of the Great Hall by Dean; Seamus flips him off. Neville patiently waits for Aurelia to come back to the Great Hall, he knows she will because she hasn't eaten anything yet and she never misses a meal unless she's really sick; Aurelia especially doesn't skip breakfast. He busies himself with Aurelia's copy of To Kill a Mockingbird, Neville doesn't understand the book but he likes to read it because she loves it so much, though he prefers it when Aurelia does it because she reads it in a funny southern accent that makes the book far more enjoyable. Finally, Aurelia returns to the Great Hall, she silently takes a seat across from Neville, so silent that he almost doesn't notice her. "Oh! Ari, you - you're back!" He says, putting the book down. She nods, for some reason she looks like a child that knows they're about to get the scolding of a lifetime. "I'm sorry." She mumbles. "Why are you apologising?" He wonders. "I shouldn't have done that . . . I was -" "That's not your fault, Ari." He cuts her off, "You shouldn't apologise for that. You were just scared, you couldn't help it." "You . . . You don't think I'm a freak?" Aurelia asks. Neville shakes his head vigorously "No! I would never, you're not a freak." Aurelia sighs, relieved. She smiles at him, the last thing Aurelia would want is for Neville to think she's a freak. "Why are you so afraid of werewolves?" He asks, it had been the last things he expected her Boggart to be, he thought it might've been the fear of rejection or maybe the Malfoys. Aurelia licks her lips nervously and shrugs her shoulders "I'm not sure, they've just always scared me." She lying and Aurelia never lies to him but he's noticed that when she's lied to others she licks her lips or scrunches up her little nose. Neville doesn't understand why she'd lie to him about something like this. "What are you reading?" Aurelia ask, picking up the book off the table. "To Kill a Mockingbird." Neville replies, he decides not to press the matter any further in fear of upsetting Aurelia. She smiles "Do you want me to read to you?" He nods. She flips open to the bookmarked page and begins to read in a southern accent: ". . . Little Chuck Little got his feet "Let him go, ma'am." he said, "He's a mean one, a hard-down mean one. . ." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Aurelia reads To Kill a Mockingbird to Neville in the voices of the movie characters and that fact make my heart go ? *insert every heart emoji ever* god I love them! How do you think Neville's gonna react when he finds out about the werewolf attack? Also they need a ship name and all the ones I've come up with suck so if you got any ideas let me know! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the first chapter! word count: 3526
"IT'S SUMMER! IT'S SUMMER! IT'S SUMMER!" SEAMUS chants obnoxiously loudly as they made their way to Hogsmeade Station. He's been chanting that the whole way, getting louder each time. "I'm gonna kill him." Aurelia mumbles to Neville. Neville laughs quietly as he wraps his arms around her waist, keeping her in place on his lap. "Murder is bad, Ari." He tells her. "Not if it's justified." She whispers back, to which Neville sighs and shakes his head. "It's summer! It's summer! It's —" "Seamus for the love of God! Shut up!" Dean yells exasperated. Seamus falls silent, he looks Dean dead in the eyes and opens his mouth: "IT'S SUMMER — ARGH!" "THAT'S IT!" Aurelia shrieks, lunging at Seamus. Aurelia's slender fingers are just inches shy of of Seamus' collar. Had it not been for Neville holding her back she would've been able to tackle the sandy-haired boy. She laughs at the mortified expression Seamus' face and leans back into Neville's lap. Seamus glares "You skinny malink!" Aurelia narrows her eyes "You hackit dobber!" "Quare Hawk!" "Howlin' lavvy heid!" "You're a right wagon!" "And you're a scabby scrote!" Seamus gasps dramatically giving her a wounded look "That's low, Black." Aurelia smirks "I can go lower." Seamus scowls, as usual Aurelia gets the last word. Neville smiles, laughing: "That's my Sunflower Girl!" Seamus chokes on his spit "Did you just call, Black, your girl?" Neville blushes. This nickname is his only way of showing his feelings for her without it being to obvious. And, Seamus goes and points it out. "He always does that." Natalie 'Nat' Wilkes, Neville's neighbour and one of Aurelia's best friends, pipes in. She looks up from her sketchbook, her Ravenclaw tie splattered in orange paint, and smiles at Neville. Dean nods in agreement "Yeah, he's called her that all year." Olivia laughs from Nat's side, her long brown curls fall into her oval-shaped face as she laughs hard and loud. "You're a real slow bloke, Finnigan. We all caught onto that a week into the school year." "Actually!" Aurelia cuts in, her face's redder than a Weasley's hair, "He's called me that since first year." That's true, Neville thinks. He only found it fair that he call her Sunflower Girl since she always had some sunflower-related thing on her all the time if she had insisted on calling him Plant Boy because he likes Herbology. However, for him, the silly nickname has become so much more to him. "Yeah, but he just started calling you 'my Sunflower Girl' this year." Nat points out. Neville contemplates curling up and dying right there. "Let's not forget to mention Blue calls Longbottom 'Plant Boy'!" Olivia adds and Nat laughs. "That kinda sounds like a superheroes alter-ego . . . Merlin, now I'm picturing Blue and Neville as X-Men! 'Sunflower Girl & Plant Boy: Here to Save the Planet!' . . . Blue would get along great with Wolverine." Dean says, laughing loudly. "That is the best compliment any has ever said to me." Aurelia says, eyes wide with delight, "Wolverine is the dad I've always wanted." "Stop avoiding the point! Neville calls Black 'my Sunflower Girl'! This is huge!" Seamus exclaims, looking like a little kid in a candy store. "I don't understand . . . What's the big deal?" Aurelia questions. Everyone even Neville groans, Aurelia stares at them, clearly confused. "Am I missing something here?" "No, not — nothing." Neville says quickly, "So, what are you doing this summer?" His change of subject confuses her further. He's hiding something from her, Neville's never hid things from her before, what's he hiding from me? Of course, she can't get angry at him if he's hiding something from her because that'd make her a bloody hypocrite. This didn't stop her from worrying Neville's odd behaviour. She's worried that it has something to do with the Professor Lupin incident, maybe he really is mad at her for what she had done. Or worse . . . Maybe he thinks she's stupid or weird for how she reacted to Professor Lupin being a werewolf. No, she thinks as she shakes her head, no, you're just being paranoid! "— And as usual, Heather's being a little prissy child about the whole thing. She's not happy that we're going to the Van Gogh museum! She's threw a fit about it all through out Christmas Holidays!" "Heather's so bloody dramatic!" Olivia giggles, rolling her eyes and Nat hums in agreement. "Dean and I are going to the Quidditch World Cup!" Seamus says. Oooh, like a date! Aurelia thinks, giving Seamus a pointed look and teasing smile. Seamus despite not being an Legilimens seems to know just what she's thinking as he glares at her. "If it weren't for the laws of this land I would've slaughtered you by now." Seamus mouths to her. "Hey, aren't you going to the World Cup, Blue?" Dean asks. She nods "Yep! Mae, Ellie, and I are going with the Weasleys!" "What about you, Neville?" Seamus asks. "Oh, I'm grounded, I can't go . . . But, Ari did offer me a ticket if I wanted to go." Seamus smirks "Did she n — OW!" Aurelia kicks him, giving him a dark glare "Sod off, Finnigan!" Seamus knows that she sort of likes Neville just as she knows he sort of likes Dean. They never admitted this to each other they just came to the assumption and started to tease one another with looks, smirks, and eyebrow wiggling. It's all fun and games until someone says something out loud. Seamus smiles at her innocently as he rubs his shin "What?" Aurelia glares at him, this little Irish bitch. "So . . . Uh, who do you think's gonna win the cup?" Dean asks, hoping to defuse the tension that had seemingly come out of nowhere. "The Irish!" Seamus answers without hesitation, beaming with pride. "The Bulgarians!" Aurelia says just to spite him. He turns to glare at her and she smiles innocently at him. The others groan as they begin to bicker, this continues until they reach Hogsmeade Station. They climb out of the carriage, Aurelia pats the Thestral much to everyone else's confusion. Neville can see them but he doesn't understand how she can stomach to touch one, the others have no idea what she's doing as they can't see the Thestrals. "What the bloody hell are you doing?" Seamus asks. Aurelia looks him dead in the eye and replies: "I'm petting the air, of course!" Seamus gapes at her than looks to Neville for an explanation. He decides not to give Seamus one, simply saying: "You heard her." As they climb onto the Hogwarts Express, Olivia grabs onto her "We've got a Quidditch Team meeting. Remember, Ced and the team want to discuss next year's game plan." she reminds Aurelia "I think you mean Cedric wants to have a meeting." Aurelia groans, rolling her eyes. The two girls are part of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, Aurelia joined as a Keeper in her second year and Olivia joined as a Beater this year. Aurelia's now the Seeker of the team, when Cedric became the captain he decided that Aurelia made a far better Seeker than he did so appointed her the new Seeker and he became the Keeper. He had said that she's much better at being Seeker than he was since she had always spotted the Snitch before anyone else. Her fantastic eyesight and quick reflexes fit the bill of a decent Seeker. Though, Aurelia thinks Cedric mostly made her Seeker because he had grown tired of her screaming "nine o' clock" or "seven o' clock" when she spotted the Snitch during the games or practice. "The school year's over! Surely, he could've waited until September to do this!" Aurelia says. "That's what I told him the other day but the stubborn twat insisted we do it now." Olivia replies. Aurelia groans again then looks over her shoulder, calling out: "We'll be back soon, save us a seat, will you?!" Neville nods, smiling. "Yeah, we'll save Newton a seat!" Seamus exclaims. "Shove off, you little wanker!" "Why must you tease her like this?" Neville sighs. "Because it's fun." Seamus replies, grinning. Both Dean and Neville roll their eyes. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ After an hour of listening Cedric go over some game plans for the next Quidditch seasons, it seemed that Heidi Macavoy had enough of it as she shoves a Chocolate Frog into his mouth. "Oi, we get it! We need to win! Now for the love of Merlin's glorious beard please let us go and enjoy our train ride home!" Heidi exclaims, fully prepared to shove another Chocolate Frog in Cedric's mouth if she had to. "Fine, fine." Cedric grumbles though it's muffled by the Chocolate Frog. A huge sigh of relief sweeps through the compartment and they waste no time in making a break for it. Aurelia and Olivia are the first to leave the compartment knowing full well that if he swallows enough of that Chocolate Frog in order to form a coherent sentence he'll call the meeting back on. Cedric pokes his head out of the compartment and the two girls groan. "Please for the love of God, don't call us back!" Olivia pleads. "Make sure you practice, Blue, you've got all summer and no excuses not to!" Cedric yells, at least that's what Aurelia thinks he yells, she can't really understand him because he's all but choking on a Chocolate Frog. "Yeah, yeah I will." Aurelia replies, waving him off. Aurelia's going to spend most her summer playing Quidditch with Elliot, it's not like she's got to worry about Muggles spotting her or anything. There's no Muggles on Almerry Island, no Muggle has ever been able to map Almerry because of the charms hiding it. Aurelia's read all about the history Almerry Island and only five Muggles have found the island and only one of them lived to tell the tale but no one believed them so Almerry remains hidden. As the two girls venture down the corridor looking for their friends, Olivia nudges Aurelia's shoulder. Sooo . . ." Olivia says in a teasing tone, a sly grin on her face. "What are you on about now?" Aurelia asks, giving Olivia an odd look. Olivia's grin only gets wider "You mean to say you haven't noticed Neville's odd behaviour around you?" "He's been acting odd?" Aurelia questions, her tone laced with concern and anxiousness. "Not like that, you concerned bird!" Olivia laughs, nudging Aurelia's shoulder again. "Then what do you mean?" Aurelia asks, chewing on her lower lip. "I mean, I think he very obviously likes you." Aurelia panics, the thought of Neville actually like-liking her is just so far-fetched. He can't possibly like her as more than a friend — on most days, Aurelia thinks it's a miracle he's even her friend — especially since she looks the way that she does. Aurelia knows she's far from being ugly, in fact, minus the scars she likes to think she's rather pretty but she looks painstakingly like her aunt. The same bloody aunt who tortured Neville's parents. "O' course he likes me! After all, we're best friends!" Aurelia says quickly, trying her best to brush off the subject. Olivia gives her a blank look "You can't be serious, Blue." "O' course I can't be Sirius, he's my cousin!" Aurelia counters, picking up her pace. "That's not what I meant, you twat! I meant Neville like-likes you! His feelings for you are more than . . . Plantonic." Aurelia turns to look at Olivia with wide brown eyes. "Yeah, that's right! Two can play that game, Blue!" Olivia teases and Aurelia rolls her eyes. As much as she'd like Neville to have a crush on her, she knows that will never, ever happen. He can do so much better than her, he deserves better than her. Not to mention, Aurelia's not sure if she really fancies him or not, she still very much fancies Hermione Granger and she can't tell who she likes more. The most important thing to Aurelia is finding out who she fancies more before she admits her crush. "You like Neville . . . Don't you?" Olivia questions. Aurelia's face starts to burn and she tries her best to use her Metamorphmagus abilities to hide her blushing face. "What makes you say that?" Aurelia asks cooly. "Well you get all blushy and smiley around him. You stutter and you always hold his hand." Olivia replies. "We've always held hands." Aurelia defends. "Okay, okay . . . But, what about the other things?" "What about them?" "Good God, Blue! Do you like Neville or not?!" Aurelia shrugs, trying to reply as calmly as possible "M'not sure, but I'll be sure to let you know when I figure it out!" she gives her friend a sickly sweet smile. Luckily, Aurelia finds the compartment their friends are sitting in before Olivia can subject her to more prying questions. It seems that Hannah's joined them, Auerelia's surprised to see her there as the blonde had been rather distant the past few months. Hannah sits between Nat and Neville, talking excitedly about something to the latter. She's extremely close to Neville, her hand's rested on his shoulder as she chats away. The bitter feeling of jealousy takes ahold of Aurelia. Her hair turns dark green as she stares at Hannah and Neville. Hannah's much better, much prettier. Aurelia frowns, taking a seat next to Neville. Immediately he turns his attention to Aurelia, asking: "Hey, Ari, how'd it go?" Aurelia tears her gaze away from Hannah who looks more than annoyed by the fact Neville has turned away from her. "It was boring . . . But, I'm certainly glad that Ced's nowhere near as brutal as Oliver." Aurelia replies, "Has the trolley been by yet?" "Yeah." Neville says. "Aw, bullocks." Aurelia groans. Seamus laughs "As if Lover Boy wouldn't buy a Chocolate Frog for his precious girlfriend." "Actually, I bought three." Neville says, neither denying the title 'Lover Boy' or the title of Aurelia being his precious girlfriend, his face is bright red as he hands Aurelia one of the Chocolate Frogs. She doesn't take it as eagerly as he expects her too, Aurelia loves Chocolate Frogs, she loves anything that's chocolate and usually she gets excited when someone gives her some but she doesn't this time. Neville peers at her, she's biting her lower lip which bright pink colour that contrasts greatly against her pale, heavily freckled face. Aurelia's pretty like really pretty. Neville thinks she's the prettiest girl he's ever seen. Her crooked smile is blinding, her blue eyes remind him of the sky, her button nose is so bloody cute especially when it gets all scrunched up when she tries to concentrate, and then there's her laugh. Merlin! Her bloody laugh! It's nothing like people expect, — like he expected — it's not evil, it's not like the Muggle movie Lyra made him watch with that green, crazy witch who wanted that dog and ruby shoes. That movie gave him nightmares for weeks. No, her laugh is nice, it's soft, and sometimes it sounds like chimes. Her laugh gives him butterflies. Plant Boy, you alright there?" Aurelia asks, nudging his shoulder which distracts him from his thoughts. "Yeah — yeah, why are you asking?" He stammers. "You've been staring at me for almost five minutes now." Aurelia says. He turns bright red. "Are. . . Are you mad at me?" She asks quietly. Why in Merlin's name would he be mad at her?! However, instead of reassuring her that he's not mad, he just yells: "YOU'RE REALLY PRETTY!" Everyone turns to look at Neville, the half-eaten Chocolate Frog falls from her hand. He called you pretty! Not just pretty, he called you really pretty! She turns as red as he is, smiling sheepishly as she giggles out a "Thank you!" Hannah frowns, jumping up from her seat "I just remembered I promised Suse I'd sit with her!" she exclaims then quickly leaves the compartment, earning an eye roll from Olivia and a sad sigh from Nat. Seamus smirks at Neville who internally groans; he's never gonna live this down. Dean saves the day by pinching Seamus' arm, muttering: "Don't you dare!" "Fine! Only because you asked so nicely." Seamus hisses sarcastically, rubbing his arm. Aurelia smooths out her sunflower-print sundress with shaky hands, trying her best to remain calm. He thinks you're pretty! Holy heck, this must be a dream! She internally screams, Neville thinks you're pretty and why does that make me so excited? Oh, Merlin, I DO have a crush on him! Bloody hell! She's got a crush on Neville Longbottom and Hermione Granger, sweet Merlin, she's a mess. To make matters worse, she's never had the best track record with crushes. Her first crush, when she was five, was little seven-year-old, Daniel Roseburke, ran from her. Literally ran from her, and he ran screaming. Aurelia's crushes either end badly, go away within days, or remain unrequited. She's not good with crushes or love. Aurelia grabs his hand and smiles at him "I think you're pretty too." She cringes, who the frick calls a boy 'pretty'? You're supposed to call them cute, handsome, or hot. Aurelia's positively stupid with love. Neville smiles brightly but squirms sheepishly in his seat "Th — th — thanks." Seamus gives Dean a pleading look but Dean shakes his head and whispers: "No, leave them alone." Seamus sighs dramatically but says nothing. "Wow, I sure do love your totally 'plantonic' relationship." Olivia laughs, grinning widely. Seamus gapes at Olivia. He's the one who teases Aurelia and Neville, that's his job. "Did she just —" Neville begins to ask but Aurelia places her free hand over his mouth and shakes her head. "Don't question her, it'll only fuel her." Aurelia whispers, glancing at Olivia who looks very proud of herself. "It's not even funny, I've heard better puns." Seamus huffs. "It's kind of funny." Dean says, grinning. "It's really funny." Neville giggles, he really wishes their relationship is more than platonic. "You're the worst, Liv." Aurelia tells her, though she's smiling. "Correction: I'm the best." Olivia replies, smiling smugly. "That's debatable." Aurelia says teasingly. Olivia gasps offended "You wound me, Blue, deeply wound me." Aurelia smiles at Olivia, batting her thick eyelashes "You love me anyway." "I suppose." Olivia drawls out, "But, only because of your killer jawline." "That's not the only killer thing, Black, has." Seamus pipes in. Aurelia's smile turns into a scowl "Fuck you, Finnigan!" "I'm flattered but you're not really my — OW! What the hell! Neville, control your girl!" Seamus, as usual, is only joking and on most occasions Aurelia'll joke back but today isn't one of those occasions. He crossed the line. It's bound to happen with how often the two tease each other. Seamus frowns guiltily as Aurelia gets up from her seat and leaves the compartment. Neville goes to follow after her but Nat stops him, telling him: "Leave her, Neville . . . It's best you give her some space." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia hugs herself as she walks quickly down the train corridor. She glances in the compartment as she passes them, looking for her older cousin, Elliot Macleod. She curses herself for letting Seamus' comment get to her especially since he had only been joking. Normally his comments don't upset her this badly. However, recently any comment about her family has been really tearing her down, it's even worse for her when the comments are made around Neville. She's afraid that one day Neville's gonna realise just how much she looks like her Aunt Bellatrix and decide that he doesn't want to be friends with her anymore. Aurelia hasn't had the best year, starting off with her being attacked by a Dementor at the beginning of the year. That alone is rather traumatising but the attack had resurfaced more memories of her Aunt Bellatrix. She's got a brilliant memory, a Muggle doctor had told she has Hyperthymesia which allows her to remember a lot and remember them in vivid detail. And, Merlin, does she remember her aunt in vivid detail. Aurelia reckons that having Hyperthymesia can be useful when it comes to school work but it's not useful when she actually — despite what her mum and dad had told her — spent a lot of her babyhood with a deranged Death-Eater. Let's not forget the fact she had been attacked by a werewolf, she'd like to forget that but she can't forget that, she can't forget a lot of things. She can't forget the fact that Bellatrix would sing her to sleep, she can't forget the fact that Bellatrix saved her from Gwendoline Goyle, thought she can't recall what exactly Gwendoline had tried to do to her, she can't forget the fact that Bellatrix gave her more love than her parents or the fact Bellatrix tortured Joseph MacDonald right in front of her. Aurelia remembers a lot of good things about her aunt, of course, she knows very well that her aunt's a very bad person and she's grown to hate her but she can recall a time she absolutely adored the woman. She wishes she can forget that time, forget the time when she had been just a wee toddler waddling about Malfoy Manor asking for her aunt though the woman had been absent for quite some time. This sometimes made it awkward for Aurelia to be around Neville on some occasions, even he's got no idea that remembers Bellatrix that well. She's too afraid to tell him at this point. That would require telling him about that phase she went through when she was three where she had called Bellatrix 'mama' for weeks on end until her mum had snapped at her to never call her that again or else she'd regret it — she really wishes she can forget that. Aurelia'd much rather tell him about the ugly scars on her face. The Dementor attack had also triggered some memories of her cousin, Sirius, but she doesn't understand where those memories came from because she knows for certain she's never met him. Either, her parents lied to her or she's making things up. Finally, she comes across the compartment where Elliot sits along with Fred, George, and Lee. "Hey, Blue!" Lee greets her cheerily as she slips into the compartment. "Hello." She says softly. George's resting his head on Elliot's lap and is taking up most of the seat so Aurelia plops down on his stomach. He groans in pain but makes no move to push her off "You could've at least given me a bloody warning, Blue!" Elliot pokes his nose "What's the fun in that?" Fred stares at Aurelia, he can tell something's wrong, she's not laughing at George. "You alright?" Fred wonders. She shakes her head, pouting. "What's wrong?" Lee asks. "Finnigan." Aurelia mumbles. The four boys share knowing looks, they shouldn't have expected any differently. Elliot frowns, the Irish Gryffindor probably brought up their family's less than honourable reputation. He knows exactly how she feels being not only the son and dead ringer of Regulus Black but the son of Callisto Burke a notorious Death-Eater that's so loyal to the Dark Lord she tried giving the Dark-Mark to Elliot when he was only a year old. There's a half-finished Dark-Mark on his wrist and it only adds to the rumours surrounding him. "I hate our family." Aurelia tells Elliot, who laughs. "I know. You tell me this all the time!" "I'll say it until the day I die." Aurelia grumbles. "And then you'll come back as a ghost keep saying it for all eternity." Lee jokes. "You bet your ass I will!" She says determinedly. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia stays the rest of the train ride with them, though she had planned to return to her friends but she lost track of time talking and joking around with the four boys. As the train comes to a stop at Platform 9 and 3\4, Aurelia leaves the compartment hastily in search of her friends. "Tell mum or Auntie Andy, whichever one is out there that I'm goin' to Georgie's house for the night!" Elliot calls after her. "M'kay, Ellie, see you tomorrow then!" Aurelia replies absentmindedly as she walks quickly down the train corridor. "Excuse me." Aurelia mumbles repeatedly, making her way through a group of Ravenclaws and Gryffindors. Amongst them are Nat's older and younger siblings, Heather and Samuel. The next thing you know she's been tripped and she hears Heather snicker. Samuel scolds her but she only snickers louder. Cho Chang helps her up "Are you alright there?" "Yeah, I'm fine." Aurelia says, smiling politely at Cho. Her palms are stinging like a bitch. "Well, have a good summer then, Aurelia!" "You too!" Aurelia says cheerily and she continues to look for her friends. However, they find her first. Seamus grabs her from behind and she lets out a terrified screech as she tries to escape his grasp. Panic wells in her chest and she feels her throat constrict. No, she tells herself firmly, not here, not now. There were too many people, to many sounds — no, they're sounds of children not owls and branches, you're not there. You're not there. You're — "You alright there Black? It's only me... It's just Seamus." He speaks softly. See, you're not in the forest, Aurelia tells herself, grabbing at the hem of her dress, she takes in its smooth texture. It's not that scratchy, wool cloak. "Uh, I'm sorry about earlier, I was only joking." Seamus apologises. "Yeah I — I know." "Well, now that's settled: hey Lover Boy, I found your lass!" Seamus calls out, surprisingly she doesn't curse or hit him for calling Neville that. She's looking around nervously and she kind of reminds him of that weird, old World-War II veteran that lives down the street from him. Neville sighs as he hears Seamus call him, will he ever stop calling me that? He half-expects him to be joking when he turns to look, but he's not; Aurelia's standing beside him. "Ari, there you are! You had me worried there, I thought you might be mad at us, mad at me . . . I wanted to go after you but Wilkes told me not to." "I'm not mad at you. . . Or any of you." She says quietly. "Are you alright?" He asks. "Yeah, I — I'm fine . . . I'm just tired." Neville looks at her skeptically then hold out his hand for him to hold, she grabs it and threads her fingers through his. They say their goodbyes to their friends and head of the train. There's a lot of people on the platform so Neville and Aurelia head out to King Cross' Station where his grandmother and Mae are waiting. Neville asks if Mae is picking her up tonight but accidentally refers to Mae as her mum and then gets really flustered. "You know you can just call her my mum . . . I mean, she's more of a mum to me than my actual mum." Aurelia tells him, "Mae's not technically my mum though, since she hasn't legally adopted me. . . She's adopted Elliot though." the last sentence comes out sadder than she means it to. This happens every time someone questions what Mae is to her. It makes her wonder why Mae hasn't adopted her yet, it's been almost three years since she took her in and Mae adopted Elliot a year after he came into her care. Aurelia wonders if Mae doesn't want to adopt her. "I thought she already adopted her when she took you in?" "Not legally." "What's the difference?" "Trust me, there's a difference." Aurelia mumbles. "I trust you." Neville says, without missing a beat. She goes to tell him that she didn't mean it like that but as they lock eyes, she finds herself speechless. He's staring at her so intently it's like his hazel eyes are peering into her soul. The butterflies in her stomach are fluttering around harder than how she dances to Honey, Honey by Abba. "NEVILLE!" Neville's grandmother, Augusta Longbottom yells out. They look to the elderly woman, Aurelia waves to her, smiling politely. She gets a curt nod in response which is far better than last year's response. "Well, goodbye the, Ari, I'll miss you." "Aw, I'll miss you too, Plant Boy!" Aurelia says, smiling teasingly. Neville grins and goes to say something but Augusta calls for him again. Aurelia hugs him which surprises him because usually he's the one who hugs first. He hugs her back tightly, his heart hammering in his chest. They pull away, both blushing like mad. Neville glances at his grandmother to see that she's been distracted by Aurelia's aunt, Andromeda Tonks, which means they have a few more minutes together. "Are you sure you can't come with us?" Aurelia asks, referring to the Quidditch World Cup. "I'm sure." She pouts "Well, bullocks! It's going to be positively boring without you there, Plant Boy!" His heart feels like it's going to burst. "It's the World Cup, I can't see it being boring under any circumstances!" Neville says, giggling. "Well, it can be if the circumstances include you not being there." Aurelia says, her hair turns pink as she stares down at him. Neville's breath catches in his throat. He could kiss her right there and now, her lips look so soft, he could kiss her, he could do it — "Lia, love, we need to get going . . . I've got cookies that need to be baked!" Andromeda calls out. Aurelia's eyes light up "Ooh, cookies! Well, I gotta go, Plant Boy, I love you, b —" They both froze. "What?" Neville gasps. Her nose scrunches up as she gives him a confused look "I said . . . I love you." He swallows thickly, he's speechless, Aurelia studies his expression. It's not bad but it's not good either. She punches his shoulder playfully, laughing loudly "You know that! You're like my best friend, o' course, I love you!" Neville laughs hollowly as Aurelia starts backing away from him. "Goodbye, Plant Boy!" Aurelia says, giving him finger guns — what the heck, Blue, fingers guns, really?! He smiles softly at her, mumbling: "Bye, Sunflower Girl."
"YOU WHAT?" NYM SCREAMS, SPRAYING BITS OF chocolate chip cookie everywhere. Andromeda sighs exasperatedly at her daughter's behaviour, Ted, on the other hand, laughs loudly. Aurelia nods her head, shrugging "Yeah . . . I don't know why I said it though." Nym rolls her eyes "Well, if you love the bloke you ought to tell him eventually. Better sooner than later, don't ya think?" "First of all, I don't love-love him so there's nothing to tell him . . . I just meant it in a more than friendly way." Aurelia mumbles, "Second of all, you've nearly blinded me with a bloody chocolate chip, I hope you're happy with yourself." "I've never been happier." She replies, giving Aurelia a shit-eating grin. Aurelia sticks her tongue out at her cousin than pops a piece of raw cookie dough in her mouth. "Aurelia Alice!" Andromeda says in a scolding tone. "Yeah, yeah . . . I know, I know 'cookie dough is bad for you and I like to destroy the good things in your life!' I know, you tell me every time we make cookies." "And do you ever listen?" "Nope." Aurelia replies, smiling. Andromeda shakes her head, smiling fondly though she tries to hide it. "So, Lia, how do you think you did on your exams?" Ted asks. "Quite well." She replies. "Even Potions?" Nym questions teasingly. "Yeah, even Potions." Aurelia sighs. The thing is, Aurelia's not bad at Potions, in fact it's one of her best subject. It's just that the professor doesn't like her and he makes it known during class, leaving her filled with anxiety and rage, he also doesn't like giving her the grade she deserves. "Is Snape still giving you a hard time?" Andromeda wonders and Aurelia nods in response. Professor Snape's always giving her a hard time and Aurelia'll admit on occasion she's given him a hard time right back. He deserves it though, with how he treats Neville and Harry. Andromeda mutters a very harsh insult towards the professor under her breath that Aurelia pretends she doesn't hear thought she wants to laugh. It may be harsh but it's true. Her Uncle Ted glances at the clock on the wall "Mae's running late today." Andromeda glances at the clock as well and frowns "You're right, she is." "Should we be worried?" Nym asks jokingly. Ted catches the look of panic that flashes across Aurelia's face and for her sake, he shakes his head. "No, of course not! We just mean she's been gone longer than she told us that she'd be. Andy and I talked to her this morning and she had said she wouldn't be too long. She must've lost track of time." "She'll probably be back in time for dinner." Andromeda says. Aurelia licks her lips nervously, Mae isn't the most punctual person so it's not unusual for her to be late. "Speaking of dinner! I convinced mum to make Yorkshire Pudding!" Nym announces, grinning. "Convinced? Ha, more like you kept asking and I only did it to shut you up." Andromeda snorts, laughing. Nym shrugs, replying: "Is there a difference?" Aurelia tries to her best to keep her hair from turning dark green. The relationship between her Aunt Andromeda and Nym never fails to make her jealous, she longs for what they have. Andromeda loves Nym through and through, there's no doubt about it. She could see that perfectly clearly from the moment she had first met the Tonks when she was just three-years-old. Aurelia remembers that it had the way that Andromeda had looked at Nym that had made her start calling Aunt Bellatrix her 'mama'. The look had the same amount of devotion and love and it had convinced her that Bellatrix had to be her mum if she looked down at her in the same way Andromeda looked at Nym. Her mum never looked at her that way. Aurelia knows now that made absolutely no sense whatsoever but at the time her three-year-old self had thought it made perfect sense. Her mum's not a bad mum, not by a long shot. She's only ever put a hand on her once but she instantly regretted and apologised profusely, her mum's great but she doesn't love her. Not like she loves Draco, Aurelia's always been second-best and it had been obvious. Neither of her parents loved her like they love Draco, they never fought for her when she chose to move in with Mae. They had been willing to just let her waltz out that door like she meant nothing to them, Draco fought more than either of them and it had almost been enough to make her stay. But after months of knowing what it was like to be accepted by people, Aurelia couldn't just go back to being the outcast, she had been one before the Sorting and it got worse after it, Aurelia just couldn't handle it anymore, she couldn't handle the way her parents looked at her during Christmas holiday. Mae offered her a home and Aurelia took it. The only regret Aurelia has is leaving Draco behind but it's not as though he would've actually went with her when she had asked. "Lia?" Ted calls, snapping her out of her thoughts. "Huh?" He chuckles "I asked if anything exciting happened this year?" "Oh," Aurelia blinks, "Well, I wouldn't describe it as exciting but I got attacked by a Dementor on the train." Ted's eyes widen in horror, Andromeda nearly drops the cookie-tray, and Nym laughs loudly. "I love how nonchalantly you say that, Lia! 'Oh, I almost got my soul sucked out of my body but no biggie!' Merlin's beard, you're too much!" "That was the worst Scottish accent I've ever heard, try again, love. And, after being attacked by a werewolf that was a nice, peaceful walk in the park." Aurelia counters dryly. "You're telling me you weren't afraid of a bloody Dementor?!" "Of course, I was right terrified! I nearly bloody well shit myself." Aurelia says with a scoff, "But . . . Mostly because it reminded me of Joseph MacDonald and the werewolf." "Joseph MacDonald." Nym echoes, frowning as she turns to her parents and asks: "Isn't he the one that Bellatrix killed? She got charged for that, didn't she?" Andromeda grows tense as she sets the cookie-tray down of the table "Nearly, it was June of 1981 when that happened . . . It wasn't too long after Lia's first birthday, I remember that but nothing happened, she went on trial . . . She got off because they determined that she killed him in self-defense and they never found her Dark-Mark so they had no choice but to let her go . . . How — How do you even remember that, you were so young." "Lia remembers everything, it's a gift." Nym says, she can't count how many times Aurelia's keen memory has saved her ass. It's a curse more like it, Aurelia thinks bitterly. "I don't remember everything . . . Only bits and pieces." Aurelia replies. She can remember it vividly too, she can remember the fact that Bellatrix had thought she was sleeping, she can remember Joseph begging for mercy, she can remember the flash of green light that ceased his screams, and she can remember that Joseph mentioned Professor Lupin. "He mentioned . . . Remus Lupin . . . The DADA professor just this past year, he told her that if she let him go he promised he wouldn't tell him . . . Do you have any idea what he meant by that?" Andromeda looks at her, confused "I've got no idea what you're talking about, honestly . . . I had no idea either of them knew who Remus was . . . I — oh!" Aurelia nods, frowning. Professor Lupin had given her a similar response when she had asked him about it. "Oh, okay." She mumbles. Nym nudges her "Don't think too much about it, Lia, it's probably nothing. Or it was just your brain filling in gaps with different information, perhaps he had said a different name you can't remember and you filled it in with the first name you could think of. That's happened before, hasn't it?" She's right, it has; so, Aurelia nods her head and grabs another cookie to nibble on. "Anything good happen this year?" Ted asks, rephrasing his earlier question. "Well, I won against Harry Potter! Wait . . . No, that's not a good thing since he was being attacked by Dementors while I caught the Snitch." Aurelia sighs, slumping in her seat. The Tonks stare at her with bewildered expressions. Aurelia sits up suddenly, exclaiming: "Oh! I produced a Patronus! That's a good thing!" She says excitedly to her uncle, thinking of the little Hummingbird she had managed to produce. "Really?!" Nym asks, looking mildly impressed, "That's really advanced logic for someone your age!" Nym says that as though she's never seen any of the spells, Aurelia's created — the ones that bloody work that is. "Yep!" Aurelia replies, nodding. "Well, don't leave us hanging?!" Ted says to Aurelia, "What form did it take?!" "A hummingbird." Aurelia answers, grinning proudly. "Hmmm, not what I was expecting but, I suppose it's fitting." Andromeda hums. "I was a bit disappointed that it wasn't a mockingbird." Aurelia complains playfully. Nym rolls her eyes "Giving you that book was the biggest mistake I've ever made." "Even bigger than your failed attempts at asking out, Charlie?" Aurelia counters. Nym's hair turns bright red and Aurelia jumps up from the table, running out of the kitchen. Nym chases after her, yelling: Get back here, you little twat!" "Not a chance!" She calls back. Andromeda and Ted share tired and amused looks. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Mae doesn't arrive at the Tonks until the next day. Just after two in the morning Mae knocks on the front door of their house. Andromeda's the only one awake in the house, she had stayed up late to await the return of Mae, she wastes no time in answering the door and ushering the shivering redhead inside. "You need to stop doing this, Mae." She scolds her. Mae shakes her head stubbornly "Ye could give me a million reasons to stop and I still wouldn't . . . Ye four are my responsibility —" "Mae?" A small, tired voice calls out. "Or I could just give you one." Andromeda mutters as she watches Mae's stubborn expressions melt away. Quiet footsteps cross the living room and Aurelia's head pokes out into the small foyer, she blinks tiredly as she stares at the two woman. Mae laughs softly as she takes in Aurelia's sleepy appearance, her hair's sticking in all different direction and her clothes are all wrinkled. "Mae, you came — you're here." "Yes, I am. I'm sorry I'm so late, I didn't expect to be that long, wee moon, I lost track of time." Mae apologises. Aurelia's just glad, she came back especially after having a terrible dream that Mae and Elliot decided they didn't want her anymore and sent her back to the Malfoys. As Mae smiles lovingly at her, she realises that the dream will never happen, Mae loves her and so does Elliot. They would never send her back. "Would ye like to come back to Almerry with me or would ye like to stay here for the rest of the night?" Mae asks. "I wanna go with you." Aurelia mumbles sleepily. "Are ye sure, y'know it's a bumpy drive up to Almerry Castle from Travis' Inn." Mae says. Aurelia nods quickly "O' course I know! I've been living with you for three years now, I know it's bumpy but that's okay! I wanna go with you!" Aurelia exclaims. "Well, if that's what ye want, wee moon, go get yer things then." Mae tells her, smiling softly. Aurelia nods, stumbling back into the living room to gather her trunk and Freddie. "Are you sure you're alright, Mae?" Andromeda whispers. Mae nods "I'll be fine, dear . . . I assume Ellie went to Molly's?" Andromeda isn't at all thrilled by the change of subject but nods nevertheless "It'd be more surprising if he was here, wouldn't it?" "Yer right, a cow would jump over the moon before that boy misses a chance to hang out with George and that boy thinks he's slick." Mae laughs with a shake of her head, "And he thinks he's slick." "Mae, did she —" Andromeda begins to ask, the look on her face reminds Mae of a frightened child. Mae shakes her head "No, she just talked and asked about Aurelia . . . As she always does, it's always been about Aurelia —" "What about me?" Aurelia questions, entering the foyer again this time with her things. Both women froze, Mae eyes her weirdly. "We were just discussing yer academics! Meda was just telling me that ye did very well this year. Not that I'm surprised, ye do well every year." "Oh." Aurelia mumbles, no longer looking interested in their conversation as she believes that it's about school. "Are ye ready, wee moon?" Mae asks. "I'm r — r — r — ready." Aurelia replies, yawning. "Mind if we use yer fireplace, Meda?" "No, not at all." Andromeda says, going to set up the Floo Network. Once that's done, Andromeda kisses them both on the cheek and insists that the come over next week for dinner. Aurelia grabs a handful of Floo Powder and yells: "Almerry Inn!" She comes out of the fireplace of Almerry Inn, the pub is rather busy despite the time but it's quiet. At the very back of the pub area is Travis Calderwood who looks to be sleeping. Mae follows shortly after "My car's just outside, wee moon." Aurelia nods and drags her things outside of the inn, she spots Mae's car, a yellow 1972 Volkswagen Super Beetle, at the very end of the street. "Did ye really have to park way down there?" Aurelia groans, her Scottish accent is thicker in her sleepy state. "I wasn't thinkin' when I left this mornin'! Forgive me!" Maeve replies, her tone full of sass but there's a grin on her face at the sound of Aurelia's Scottish accent which she got from Mae. Aurelia's eyes widen although they want nothing more than to close. "You've been gone all day?! Merlin, what have you been up to?!" "Nothin'." Mae says shortly, growing tense. Aurelia fears that she's upset Mae. She didn't mean to, she hadn't asked the question expecting answer, she had only asked it as a joke, to emphasise that Mae's been gone a long time, doing whatever she's been doing. Aurelia really hadn't meant to upset her. She chews on her lower lip as they approach their car, she glances at Mae to see that she's still tense. "I'm sorry!" Aurelia blurts out. Mae looks up, the car keys jingle in her hand as her surprised expression turns to one of confusion "Sorry for what, wee moon?" "For prying . . . What you do is none of my business." Aurelia mumbles. "Ye were hardly pryin', wee moon, you've got nothing to apologise for." Mae tells her. "Okay." Aurelia mumbles though she still feels as though Maeve's upset with her. Mae helps her put her trunk in the backseat along with her cat crate, Freddie's not at all thrilled by this, he doesn't like cars and he doesn't like cages, he prefers walking or shoulders for transportation. Freddie mewls loudly. "Oh, stop complaining, Freddie!" Aurelia scolds, "It's only gonna be thirty minute drive." "But, it's a bumpy one." Mae chimes in. "Shhh, don't tell him that!" Mae rolls her eyes playfully "Ye know he can't understand ye, wee moon, he's just a cat!" "You never know . . . Professor McGonagall seems to understand Freddie just fine . . . But, I don't think they like each other very much. I was looking for him once and I found him in front of McGonagall's office and she seemed to be arguing with him, she said that his name was dumb after he had apparently insulted her name." "Well, she's not exactly wrong." Mae snorts. "Freddie's name's not dumb!" Aurelia gasps. "His full name is." "His full name is pure brilliance!" "Sure, wee moon." Mae says sarcastically, giving Aurelia a judgemental look. "It is!" Aurelia insists, getting into the passenger's seat. Mae smiles as she gets into the driver's seat and turns the car on. "If ye say so." She hums. "You're so mean to me!" Aurelia teases. Mae only laughs as she turns the car around and heads to Almerry Castle. The castle sits upon the highest hill on Almerry Island and as far as the locals know, it's been abandoned since Bellatrix Lestrange went to Azkaban. They think that Mae, Elliot, and Aurelia live in the small two-story house at the base of the hill. While they owned that house, they didn't live in it, unless they invited Travis and Lillian Calderwood over for dinner. Almerry Castle hadn't always belonged to Aurelia's family. Seven centuries ago when the Almerrys founded the island, it had belonged to them. They were the royals of the island but they were dethroned — Aurelia's not being dramatic! She swears, this is the actual word they used in the history book of Almerry — by the Blacks three centuries after finding the Island. All the Almerry killed in a very bloody duel by the Blacks. No one minded their deaths, most of the people on the island at the time thought that the Blacks were heroes for what they had done. The Almerry were terrible, brutal people that made the Black family look like saints. Almerry Castle used to be filled with tortured souls that were slaughtered by the Almerrys for fun, those souls have long been released from the Castle and now only two remain. The ghosts of the youngest Almerry Children, eight-year-old Anne-Marie and six-year-old Alexander. They were allowed to stay on the condition that they'd be good and to this day they remained much to Elliot and Aurelia's dismay. Since Aurelia's family had taken over Almerry Island, the castle has been passed down from generation to generation. Her grandparents had used it as a summer vacation get away instead of a permanent residence. Her mother had told her many stories of her summer vacations at the castle, she had adored that place but it had been given to Bellatrix. Her mum's still bitter about that. When her aunt had married Rodolphus Lestrange, Grandpa Cygnus had given the summer home to Bellatrix as a 'wedding present' but mum had told Aurelia that it was supposed to be a getaway for her. Then Bellatrix went Azkaban and she had given the castle to Mae (Mum's so bitter about that!) which Aurelia knows raised a lot of eyebrows. Including hers. Mae's a Squib and Aunt Bellatrix's a prejudiced Pureblood bitch, so why would she give Maeve a bloody castle? They were in love, Aurelia theorises, why else would her aunt give a whole ass castle to a Squib, someone she was taught to hate. Mae never says why Bellatrix gave her the castle then again Aurelia never asks but she knows there's got to be a bloody good reason for it. One day she'll find out why, it'll take awhile as it's not in the Almerry Historicals. In the library there are a series of books the house automatically writes down events they find to be important, they're big books and so far there's about seven of them but Aurelia knows three of them are missing and she's got no idea where they are. One of those books has the answer to her theory. One day, she promises herself as she leans her head against the window. She'll look for them again this summer. Despite the road to the castle being extremely bumpy, Aurelia finds herself falling back to sleep. Mae's soft humming is lulling her to sleep as she watches the scenery pass them by in a darkened blur. Halfway through the car ride, Mae glances over at Aurelia to find that she's fallen asleep. She smiles fondly at the sleeping child but she can't ignore the pang of sadness that erupts in her heart. The possible 'what-if' situations are leering in her mind, tearing her apart. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia wakes up in the late afternoon to the sound of Elliot screaming along to Bohemian Rhapsody at the top of his lungs — nothing unusual. She lets out a tiny groan, she doesn't remember going to bed herself which means Mae must've carried her up her. Though, Mae's tiny, she's strong. Aurelia guesses that's what happens when you have to work for the Blacks for three decades, you either get strong or you get killed. Aurelia glances around the swirling yellow and blue walls of her room. Painted and enchanted to look and move exactly like Van Gogh's Starry Night, her room never ceases to amaze Aurelia. Though, Starry Night is not her favourite painting by the Dutch wizard, it's the most calming one, the way Van Gogh had enchanted it to move always succeeds to keep her relaxed. When Aurelia had asked to have her room painted like the Starry Night painting, Mae had been the one to get it enchanted to move, saying that it might help her calm down after a really bad nightmare, she had been right about that as it helps a lot. Aurelia finds herself falling back asleep, her eyes glued to the walls but then — "OH, MAMA MIA! MAMA MIA! MAMA MIA! LET ME GO!" Elliot shrieks and sleep is out of the question for her. Aurelia drags herself out of bed, she's still in her clothes from yesterday, a Hufflepuff Quidditch sweater that has seen better days, a pair of slim-fitting black jeans with three small holes on the left leg, and a pair of yellow knitted socks from Molly. Maeve's told her to get rid of the jeans multiple times now but Aurelia says "Fuck that, these pants make my legs look good." every time, then usually adds a dramatic comment to the end of that statement that makes Mae roll her eyes. Stretching out her sore limbs, Aurelia heads to the large bathroom that's adjacent to her even larger bedroom to shower and brush her teeth since she didn't get around to doing those things last night. Aurelia's halfway through her shower when Anne-Marie's voice calls out "That shower looks a little cold there." "I like cold showers, Anne-Marie." Aurelia replies cooly, "Now please let me shower in peace, please and thank you." "I wish I could bathe . . . And I say bathe because showers didn't exist when I was alive." Anne-Marie sighs dramatically. "Proper hygiene was barely a thing when you were alive. You probably bathed twice a year." Aurelia scoffs. "I bathed once a month thank you very much! My family were no peasants! You're getting to be as rude as your sisters these days, Andromeda!" Anne-Marie says hotly. Aurelia sighs, it's not her fault, she reminds herself. Anne-Marie's always had trouble keeping up with the Black family, messing up the names so many times. Andromeda had told her that Anne-Marie would call her and Bellatrix 'Phoebe' all the time. Aurelia looks a lot like Phoebe Black, so does Andromeda and Bellatrix. Bellatrix happens to be the splitting image of Phoebe, except her eyes are a bright, ice blue instead of the dark grey that Phoebe had and of course Phoebe had shockingly blonde hair. Aurelia comes very close to being a spitting image and Anne-Marie sometimes calls her Phoebe but she mostly calls her 'Bellatrix' or 'Andromeda'. She really hates that but she can live with being called 'Andromeda' so she says nothing on that matter. "Aww, didst I hurt thy feelings?" Aurelia asks mockingly, scrubbing conditioner into her scalp. She gets no reply meaning that Anne-Marie has left, the ghost has probably gone to find Elliot or 'Regulus' \ 'Cygnus' as she often calls him. Anne-Marie's voice sounds from downstairs "OI, REGGIE!" "CALL ME, REGGIE, ONE MORE TIME!" Aurelia jumps at the harshness of Elliot's voice and almost slips out of the tub but luckily she manages to balance herself. Today is going to be a long day, Aurelia thinks to herself as she starts rinse out her hair. And a long day it turns out to be indeed. The makings of a long day hit her in the face the moment she enters the kitchen where she finds a seething-with-rage Elliot and a panic-stricken Mae. "Oh, he knows, oh no, he knows!" Mae mutters as she paces the kitchen, her accent is thick with concern. "If he even makes a joke about it or — or if they tell Aurelia, it'll all go up in smoke, oh no. It'll be somethin' terrible for her." "Tell me what?" Aurelia asks, stepping into Mae and Elliot's sight. Mae looks like a deer caught in the headlights and Elliot's confused expression turns into one of complete indifference. "Nothing." He says simply. "Nooo." Mae says, her accent getting even thicker as she glances at Elliot, "No, I'm goin' to have to tell her." Elliot gives Mae an incredulous look "You'll tell her but not me, now that just ain't fair, maw!" Mae ignores Elliot, turning her nervous stare on Aurelia "Ye might want to sit down for this, wee moon." This confuses Aurelia but she does what she's told nevertheless. She takes a seat at the kitchen island and glances at Elliot, who's staring at Mae with wide grey eyes. Aurelia looks at Mae expectantly and the older woman takes a deep breath. "The Triwizard Tournament is comin' to Hogwarts." Mae says. "You're joking, right?" Aurelia asks meekly. She's got to be joking. They really can't be reviving that tournament after that long. And, Albus fucking Dumbledore can't be dumb enough to let it happen at Hogwarts, not while Harry Potter is attending. That's just a bloody recipe for disaster! "I'm not, wee moon . . . I'm sorry." Mae says softly. Aurelia's a huge history nerd so she's pretty much read everything there's to know about the the Triwizard Tournament. And everything about them practically terrified her, the tasks were nothing short of horrific . . . They could use werewolves, basilisks, or thunderbirds, they could use anything. It's horrifying, people have died trying to win it and they want to bring it back, what the fuck are they thinking? But, there's a bright side to this terrible idea. "The Yule Ball!" Aurelia exclaims, pushing her fear of the tournament to the back of her mind, "If they're doing the tournament then that means they're doing the Yule Ball! They've got to, it's mandatory! Ooh, it'll be just like the parties mum and dad would throw! I'll get to wear a fancy dress and dance!" "You in a fancy dress, ha! Yeah, right!" Elliot snorts. Aurelia glares at him "Fight me, Ellie! I look fucking great in fancy dresses!" Mae smiles "Yes, they're doin' the Yule Ball, they sent out a letter requirin' dress robes for the occasion so we'll be goin' dress shopping sometime this summer!" Aurelia pumps her fist in the air "Yes!" "Wonderful, I bet I'll look great in a little black dress." Elliot says sarcastically. "Ye know I meant dress robes for ye." Mae groans but than adds in a light tone: "Unless, ye want to wear a dress?" "I'll pass but only because that means I'd have to shave my legs." Mae rolls her eyes while Aurelia snickers. Elliot claps his hands together "Well, now that's settled, Lia, wanna go play a game of Quidditch!" Aurelia nods "Of fucking course!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ She wins, of course, Elliot's a horrid seeker. He's got the worst eyesight, it wouldn't be nearly as bad if he'd wear his damn glasses. But, Elliot's more skilled at flying than she is and she tells him so as they land in the lush gardens surrounding the castle. She fiddles with the Snitch in her hand, giving him a dirty glare as he denies her compliment. He shakes his long dark hair out of his face "Nah, I ain't that good." Elliot disagrees, "Y'know who's good? . . . Krum! He's great!" "Oh my God, Ellie, just take my fucking compliment!" Aurelia exclaims, rolling her eyes. "Never! I am far too humble for that shit!" Elliot jokes. She jumps on his back, yelling: "Take it, you wanker!" "Over my dead body — oh shit!" Elliot yelps, tripping over a stuck-up root. The Black cousins fall to the ground, laughing. Aurelia pulls herself up and brushes the dirt off her clothes as though they weren't already dirty, they were the same clothes she had on yesterday as she had been too lazy to find a new outfit. She then helps Elliot up. "You think those apples are any good?" Aurelia asks, pointing at the handful of apple trees at the far end of the gardens. "Should be." Elliot replies, shrugging. "Good, cause I'm starving!" Aurelia grins, heading over to them. Elliot shakes his head, following after her. "Y'know you could just call one of the House-Elves, they could get you something so much better than an apple." He tells her. "I don't want to bother them." Aurelia says. Back in the day when this castle had belonged to Grandpa Cygnus there used to be a hundred House-Elves but now there's only ten. Most had been given to Aunt Walburga and her mum but there had been a handful that refused to leave. One in particular is named Mimsie and she's Aurelia's favourite. "Mae's literally paying them to serve us!" "I know!" Aurelia says, "But, this apple'll do just fine for now." "You're so weird, it's not a big deal to ask them for food!" Elliot snaps, rolling his eyes. "I know, Ellie! God, I just don't need them right now!" Aurelia snaps right back, trying to get her point across. Elliot Huff then calls out loudly: "Bokbey!" Two seconds later a young, male House-Elf appears "You called Master Elliot?" "I did indeed." Elliot says, smiling politely. "What can Bokbey help you with, Master Elliot?" "Can you get me some pudding and a cup o' tea?" "Of course, Master Elliot, anything for you, Master Elliot." "Thank you, Bokbey." Elliot says, smiling gratefully. Within a blink of an eye the elf's gone, Aurelia rolls her eyes at Elliot, who's smiling smugly at her." "You're a lazy ass, y'know." She scoffs. His smug smile only widens "I pride myself on it." Aurelia scoffs again, grabbing an apple from the tree. She sits down in the bed of yellow daffodils that surround the tree, Aurelia bites into the apple and lets herself get lost in her thoughts. She thinks about the upcoming tournament and just how badly it might go. Her theories make her shudder, what if someone puts her name in as a joke and she gets picked — no, don't be ridiculous, you're not worthy enough to be selected by the Goblet of Fire! What if someone you love enters and they get hurt or worse, killed? Aurelia swallows thickly. No, Aurelia reassures herself, just because you think Dumbledore's a sketchy bitch doesn't mean he's a sketchy bitch. He won't let a student die. Nothing bad will happen. "Ah, thank you, Bokbey!" Elliot exclaims dramatically. Aurelia blinks, glancing over at Elliot. Bokbey's returned with the food Elliot asked for. "Is that all, Master Elliot?" Bokbey asks, bowing. "It is indeed." Bokbey turns to Aurelia "Do you wish for anything, Mistress Aurelia?" He asks but then freezes, a look of horror on his face. Aurelia has asked to be referred to as 'Miss. Aurelia' instead of 'Mistress Aurelia' because the latter makes her feel very uncomfortable. The House-Elves complied, of course, but sometimes they slip up. Bokbey falls to his knees, apologising profusely. "It's alright! I've been called worse, Bokbey, I really don't care what you call me . . . I prefer 'miss' but if you'd rather call me 'mistress then I'm fine with that." "Bokbey is sorry, Miss. Aurelia, please forgive, Bokbey." "There's nothing to forgive, it was just a little slip up. No harm done, Bokbey." Still, Bokbey sobs. He's a newer elf so he's bit slow on the uptake but Aurelia's patience is wearing thin. She's never been a patient person, the only person she can keep up her patience with is Neville. Can you do me a favour, Bokbey?" Aurelia sighs and Bokbey's sobs come to a halt. "Anything for you, Miss. Aurelia!" "Can you go help Mae with dinner, I'm sure she's already started peeling the potatoes?" "Of course, Miss. Aurelia!" Bokbey says eagerly and with that he's gone. Elliot gives Aurelia a weird look. "What?" She questions. "How did you ever get to be that nice, even I'm not that nice!" Elliot laughs as though being nice is a bad thing. "You are too, nice!" She argues. "Yeah, to people . . . Sometimes." "House-Elves aren't below us!" "Are you even a Black?!" Aurelia frowns, feeling suddenly insecure. Great, Aurelia thinks, even Ellie thinks you're a disappointment. "I — I didn't mean it like that." Elliot mumbles, "Look, I'm gonna be heading down to the town's square, do you want one of those chocolate Honeyzickle makes?" That's Elliot's way of apologising, he never uses the words 'I'm sorry' unless he's upset Mae or George. Aurelia glares at him, blinking back tears. "Of course, you do, you never pass up chocolate . . . I'll be back in a couple hours then we can watch Labyrinth or Halloween." Elliot says then heads up to the castle without another word. Aurelia and Elliot don't normally fight. Elliot can have a nasty temper but it's rarely directed at her. "Well, that was certainly intense." Alexander Almerry's ghostly-echoey voice calls down from the tree. "Didn't your mother burn one your maids alive . . . For fun?" Alexander floats down from the tree. "Yeah . . . For fun, not for the intensity of it." He replies, offhandedly. "What the fuck was wrong with your family?" Alexander gives her a weird look that reminds her of the ones Professor Dumbledore gives her. He's never looked at her like that before and it sends shivers down her spine. "It was quite harsh of Elliot, don't you think? But, he makes a valid point: are you sure you're even a Black." And just like that little Alexander is gone. Even though he's been dead for three centuries, Alexander's managed to make Aurelia feel quite unsure of herself. Between the events of this past school years, and Alexander's knowing look, Aurelia can't help but wonder. Is she really a Black?
AURELIA, MAE, AND ELLIOT DECIDE TO SPEND a few nights at the burrow the before the Quidditch Word Cup. This turns out to be a very bad idea, Molly makes Mae cry multiple times a day and though Aurelia adores Molly, this makes her want to fight Molly. Mae always calms her down before she can say anything, Mae says it's not Molly's fault that she's so mean to her but Molly's parents who had taught her to hate Squibs. Molly and Mae got along quite swell when Molly's older brother, Gideon Prewett had first married Mae's older sister, Moira Macleod but then Molly had found out she was a Squib and it had kind of went downhill from there. Between the deaths of Gideon and Moira and the fact that Molly's children adore Mae, Molly forces herself to get along with Mae for the most part. Today is the day that Aurelia along with the Weasley boys are going to rescue Harry from the Dursleys. Mae is in the garden with Molly, Ginny, and Hermione and so far the woman have been getting along. Aurelia is upstairs writing a letter to Neville but she's keeping her ears open just in case Molly tries to start something with Mae. Sometimes it's good to have extremely good hearing. Aurelia can just faintly hear Ginny and Hermione giggling about Neville and herself. It makes her blush, of course, but it's good to know that Neville might possibly like like her. At least that's what Ginny's saying. Arthur Weasley calls her name, she pushes the letter aside and heads downstairs. "Are you ready, Blue?" Arthur wonders as she comes up beside him. "Aye, Aye, Mr. Weasley!" She replies, saluting him. "Blue, you've known me for three years how many times do I have to tell you to call me, Arthur?" He asks, shaking his head and smiling fondly at her. "Aye, Aye, Mr. Arthur!" She says, saluting him again. Arthur sighs exasperated "That — That's better, I suppose." She grins brightly at him while Fred, George, and Ron laugh at her antics. "We'll be taking the Floo Network to the Dursleys to pick up Harry." Arthur explains then gives the twins and Aurelia a pointed look, "And, no funny business." "Mr. Weasley!" Aurelia gasps, placing a hand over her heart, "I would never! I'm an angel! I don't do funny business!" The Weasley twins snort. Arthur sighs again "Clark the Chicken, Ron's shirt, Molly's muffins, Percy —" "Uh, okay, okay... Maybe a saint is a better way to describe me then ." "I think 'saint' might be pushing it, Blue." Ron says dryly. "Saint is definitely pushing it." Fred says. "It's bloody shoving it, I'd describe you as more of a devil spawn." George adds. "Oi! I thought we were off to pick Harry up, not pick on me!" Aurelia exclaims. "We are, all of you stop your fussing, we're running late as it is." Arthur says, "Follow me, kids." Arthur goes first, Fred follows him and Aurelia cuts George off and goes next. However, there's a wee problem: the Dursley's fireplace is blocked. Aurelia finds herself squashed in between Arthur and Fred. "Well, this went well — ouch! Fred!" Aurelia cries out as he steps on her foot. "No — go back, go back, there's been some kind of mistake — tell George, not to — ouch!" Arthur yelps, "George, no, there's no room, go back quickly and tell Ron —" "Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad! Maybe he'll be able to let us out?" George suggests, "Harry? Harry, can you hear us?" On the other side of the fireplace Aurelia can hear angry voices yelling at Harry. Harry's voice asks loud and clear: "Mr. Weasley? Can you hear me?" Arthur stops hammering on the fireplace and shushes them. "Mr. Weasley, it's Harry... the fireplace has been blocked up. You won't be able to get through there." "Damn!" Arthur curses, "What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?" "They've got an electric fire," Harry explains. "Really?" Arthur asks excitedly, "Eclectic, you say? With a plug? Gracious, I must see that . . . Let's think . . . Ouch, Ron!" Aurelia groans as she was squashed even more. Ron then proceeds to ask: "What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?" "Oh no, Ron," Fred replies, sarcastically, "No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up." "Yeah, we're having the time of our lives here," George adds in a dry tone "Boys, boys..." Arthur scolds vaguely, "I'm trying to think what to do . . . Yes . . . Only way . . . Stand back, Harry." Arthur raises his wand. A gruff voice on the other side bellows "Wait a moment! What exactly are you going to —" He does not receive an answer as Arthur has already said the spell, causing the wall blocking the fireplace to explode. "Holy mother of tits!" Aurelia curses under her breath, covering her ears at the loud noise. "That's better." Arthur pants, brushing the dust from his long green robes and straightening his glasses, "Ah, you must be Harry's aunt and uncle!" He holds out his hand for them to shake but they back away. Aurelia feels eyes on her, she looks up to see Harry's cousin, Dudley Dursley staring at her. She doesn't understand why, she's not that ugly. In fact, puberty had beat her ass these past two summers and she actually looks cute on most days now. He's peeking around the edge of the doorway, no one else seems to notice him. She narrows her eyes at him and turns her nose into a pig nose, Dudley's eyes widen in fear and he disappears from view. "Er — yes — sorry about that," Arthur begins, lowering his hand and looks over his shoulder at the blasted fireplace, "It's all my fault. It just didn't occur to me that we wouldn't be able to get out at the other end. I had your fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you see — just for an afternoon, you know, so we could get Harry. Muggle fireplaces aren't supposed to be connected, strictly speaking — but I've got a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and he fixed it for me. I can put it right in a jiffy, though, don't worry. I'll light a fire to send the boys back, and then I can repair your fireplace before I Disapparate." From the looks on their faces, Aurelia can tell they don't understand a single word coming out of Arthur's mouth. "Hello, Harry!" Arthur says, smiling brightly "Got your trunk ready?" "It's upstairs," Harry replies, grinning. "We'll get it!" Fred offers at once, winking at Harry. Aurelia knows that Fred and George are hoping for a glimpse of Dudley. They want to test their Ton-Tongue Toffees on him. "Well..." Arthur says, swinging his arms slightly, "Very — erm — very nice place you've got here." The remark doesn't sit too well with the Dursleys. Vernon Dursley's face turned purple, Petunia Dursley starts chewing her tongue. However, they seem to be too scared to actually say anything. Arthur looks around the Dursley's house, he loves everything to do with Muggles, she can tell he's itching to go and examine the television and the video recorder. "They run off eckeltricity, do they?" He says knowledgeably, "Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect plugs... And batteries. Got a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks I'm mad, but there you are." Dudley comes into the room and once again, Aurelia turns her nose into a pig's nose, although he looks scared he glares at her. She turns it back to normal and smiles brightly at him, giggling: "I can do dogs and birds as well!" "I can also do this!" She says and morphs her face into a copy of his. Nym had taught her well this summer. Aurelia smiles at him and Dudley yelps, hiding behind his mother, not that it does him much good. "Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry?" Arthur wonders, taking another brave stab at making conversation. "Yep." Harry replies, "That's Dudley." "Having a good holiday, Dudley?" He asks kindly but he only receives a whimper in reply. Fred and George enter the living room and look around. When they spot Dudley, their faces light up with identical evil grins. Oh, this should be fun, Aurelia thinks to herself. "Ah, right," Arthur announces as he brandishes his wand, "Better get cracking then — Incendio!" Flames rose at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily as though they had been burning for hours. Arthur takes a small drawstring bag from his pocket, unties it and takes a pinch of the powder inside, and throws it onto the flames, which turn emerald green and roar higher than ever. "Off you go then, Fred," Arthur calls to Fred. "Coming," Fred says cheerily. He pretends to trip. "Oh no — hang on —" Fred says in a fake tone of surprise, a bag of sweets spills out of his pocket and the contents roll in every direction — big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers. Aurelia tries to hide the amused smile on her face but the tone of Fred's voice had really got to her, it's like he's not even trying to make it look or sound like an accident, she shakes her head at him. Fred scrambles around, cramming most ofthem back into his pocket, then gives the Dursleys a cheery wave. He steps forward and walks right into the fire "The Burrow!" and with a whooshing sound, Fred vanishes. "Aurelia, you next!" She follows Fred's actions and soon finds herself back in the kitchen of the burrow. "Did he eat it?!" Fred asks her. "Nope, I wish, however, he was going to pick one up as I was leaving, I expect he's eaten it by now." Fred looks thrilled by her answer "Wonderful." He says just as twin appears. Bill and Charlie shake their heads, though they too look amused. "I can't believe you three. Trying to give the muggles heart attacks. Mum will have your heads." Charlie tells them, laughing. "It'll be worth it." George grins. When Harry floos in, he lands on his face and Aurelia laughs loudly at this. Fred holds out a hand for Harry, asking: "Did he eat it?" "Yeah..." Harry replies, straightening up, "What was it?" "Ton-Tongue Toffee." Fred answers, "George and I invented them, and we've been looking for someone to test them on all summer . . ." The kitchen explodes with laughter. Harry looks around, his gaze lingers on Bill and Charlie, Aurelia realises this must be his first time meeting them. "How are you doing, Harry?" Charlie wonders, grinning at him. She then remembers Ron telling her that Harry and Hermione had given a baby dragon to him sometime back in first year or something along those lines. Then Bill — the Weasley with the best hair, in Aurelia's opinion; if she's being honest, she's rather jealous of his hair — stands up to shake hands with Harry, before they can say anything there's a faint popping noise. Arthur apparates next to George. "That wasn't funny Fred!" He shouts, "What on earth did you give that muggle boy?!" "I didn't give him anything." Fred replies, "I just dropped it, didn't tell him to eat anything. It's not my fault he ate it, it's all his." Aurelia laughs quietly, high-fiving George below the kitchen table. "You knew he'd eat it!" Arthur roars, "You dropped it on purpose you —" "How big did his tongue get?" George asks eagerly. "It was four feet long before his parents let me shrink it!" Arthur answers they burst out laughing again. "It isn't funny!" He shouts, "This sort of behavior seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment against Muggles and my own sons —" "We didn't give it to him just because he was a Muggle!" Fred exclaims, offended by his father's accusation. "No, we gave it to him because he's a bullying git." George adds, "Isn't he, Harry?" "Yeah, he is, Mr. Weasley." Harry replies, earnestly. "Well, you know the saying, payback is a motherfucker." Aurelia cuts in, cringing slightly after realising she cursed in front of Arthur, the girl's face went red with shame and she looked down. Arthur looks at Aurelia, calmly saying: "Aurelia, please watch your language." He turns back to Fred and George and continues to scold them, very angrily, might she add. Usually it's Molly who yells at them with an anger so intense, one might think she's about to rip their heads off. Aurelia's rather surprised to see Arthur Weasley so angry, she never thought that'd be possible before today. "That's not the point!" Arthur continues to shout and Aurelia figures she should go find Mae and she what she's up to. "You wait until I tell your mother —" "Tell me what?" Now is definitely the time for Aurelia to leave, she doesn't want to witness the wrath of Molly Weasley, even if it's not directed at her. She heads upstairs without a second thought. "Rest in peace, Fred and George, they will be missed." Aurelia mutters to herself as she leaves the kitchen. "What have they done this time?" Molly demands to know, "If it's got anything to do with Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes —" The twins are royally screwed. As Aurelia heads upstairs, she can hear Molly continue to chew out the twins. Her tone seems to be unusually calmer than normal so that means she's yet to find out what they've actually done. "Back so soon, dear?" Mae calls out, leaning on the railing of the floor above Aurelia, "Ye didn't maim the Dursleys, did ye?" "No, Mr. Weasley wouldn't like that." Aurelia replies, sighing. "Y'know ye can call him, Arthur, right?" Mae wonders, rolling her eyes. "Maybe I do, maybe I don't." Ron and Ginny climb up the stairs, laughing as Harry and Hermione follow behind them. "Mum found this stack of order forms when she was cleaning Fred and George's room. Great long price lists for stuff they've invented, joke stuff, you know. Fake wands and trick sweets, loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they'd been inventing all that." Ron says quietly. Aurelia moves to Mae's side to get out of their way. "We've been hearing explosions out of their room for ages, but we never thought they were actually making things. We thought they just liked the noise." Ginny adds. With squinted eyes, Mae gapes at Harry, he stares back at her. "Oh! That's our Aunt Mae . . . She's like our mum's sister." Ron tells him. Mae stares at Harry in wonder "Harry Potter, huh? Pleasure to meet ye." Aurelia's hair turns dark green, the way Mae is staring at Harry remind her of the way her parents look at Draco. "Uh, hi . . . Pleasure to meet you too." Mae laughs, placing a hand on Aurelia's back and proudly says: "Wee moon's told me a lot about ye . . . I'm her legal guardian." Aurelia's heart swells and she wonders why she felt jealous. There's nothing to be jealous about. "Anyway, most of the stuff — well, all of it, really — was a bit dangerous, and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. Told them they weren't allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the order forms. . . . She's furious at them anyway. They didn't get as many O.W.L.s as she expected." Ron explains. "And then there was this big row because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told her all they want to do is open a joke shop." Ginny says. "It was pretty nasty." Aurelia pipes in. "They should open a joke shop, they'd be damed good at it." Mae says firmly, the four teens look at her in surprise. "I know it's not my place to say anythin' but, I think their joke shop could really go places." Mae adds quickly. Aurelia agrees with Mae wholeheartedly, Fred and George have wanted to open a joke for years, she's seen the products they've created and they're amazing. Next to Elliot and Lee, she's their biggest supporter. When Molly had burned their price and order lists, she had stayed up all night rewriting them. Aurelia'd pay for a place for them in full but they'd never let her do that. At that moment, Percy opens his door and sticks his head out. "Hi, Percy." Harry says. "Oh, hello, Harry." Percy says, "I was wondering who was making all the noise. I'm trying to work in here, you know — I've got a report to finish for the office — and it's rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs." "Then cast a Silencing Charm on your room." Aurelia suggests. Percy looks at her and his annoyed expression softens slightly "I suppose I could try that." Though Aurelia hung out with the Weasley twins most out of all the Weasleys, her and Percy are quite close. She relates to him the most, although his parents love him just the same as all his other siblings, he's still obviously the outcast. Aurelia likes Percy and though he doesn't show it, she knows he likes her too. Oliver Wood had told her so. Apparently on more than one occasion, Percy's referred to her as one of his closest friends and she says the same about him. He understands her better than any of the other Weasley, maybe even better than her friends. "We're not thundering, we're walking. Sorry if we've disturbed the top-secret workings of the Ministry of Magic." Ron says irritably. "What are you working on?" Harry asks "A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation," Percy replies, "We're trying to standardize cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin — leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three percent a year —" "That'll change the world, that report will," Ron says sarcastically, "Front page of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron leaks." Percy turns pink. "I think it's neat." Aurelia interjects in an attempt to save Percy from embarrassment, "Thicker cauldrons would be of great use to Neville, it'd save him from Snape's wrath . . . Maybe." Percy gives Aurelia an appreciative nod "You might sneer, Ron, but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow-bottomed products that seriously endanger —" "Yeah, yeah, all right," Ron says as he and his friends continue up the stairs, Percy scowls at him. "Don't be so rude, Ronald!" Aurelia calls after him then turns to Percy "Hey, Perce, mind if I hang —" Percy slams his bedroom door shut. Her smile fades "Or I can go do something else, that's fine." Mae pats her shoulder "He mustn't of heard ye." "Right, right. I've got a letter to finish anyway." Aurelia says softly. "Very well, I'm gonna go help Molls with dinner. I believe we're eating outside tonight." Mae says, smiling. Aurelia groans and Mae laughs lightly. "I know, I know . . . Ye despise eating outdoors but there's just no room for everyone indoors. This'll be a good chance for ye to use that spell . . . Y'know . . . That one." Mae tells her, giving her a cheeky grin. Aurelia's eyes light up "Oh, yeah! That one!" With that Aurelia head up to Ginny's room that's cluttered with mattresses belonging to her, Mae, and Hermione. She tiptoes through the maze of mattresses careful not to trip on any especially the one that Freddie's resting on. Once she reaches her mattress, she reaches for her messenger bag and pulls out her writing book. A writing book that she's just recently labelled 'Aurelia's Spells & Other Shit'. She's had this writing book since she was six and she had started creating her own spells when she was seven after she had learned that most spells were derived from the Latin language much like her name had been. For her seventh birthday she had demanded that her parents get her a Latin dictionary to help her learn the language, thus began her career in spell-making. It didn't go very well at first because most of them were dumb and childish, she didn't make her first successful spell until after she had started Hogwarts where she learned that spells usually needed a certain movement to help it work properly. Once she had added that very significant detail, her spells improved greatly. "Ooh, there it is!" Aurelia laughs, finding the spell Mae had been referring to. She'll have to ask Arthur to use it, this way they won't have to worry about any bugs getting in their food. Aurelia bookmarks the page and pushes it aside, she notes that she'll need a new writing book soon, there's only ten pages left of it. She returns to the letter she had been writing to Neville before she had to go to the Dursleys. She reaches into her bag once more and gropes around for a Muggle pen but much to her dismay she hadn't brought one. "Well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw!" Aurelia mutters, quoting Heathers a Muggle movie that Olivia had showed her. For some reason that line had really stuck out to her and now she uses it for everything, especially minor inconveniences that befall her. Sighing to herself as she realises she'll have to a quill and a pot of ink, while she's used to that, she prefers the Muggle pens more. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia isn't writing long for very long when a commotion outside catches her attention. She glances out the window to see that Bill and Charlie both have their wands out, making two battered old tables fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, each attempting to knock the other's out of the air. She can hear Fred and George cheering and Ginny laughing over it. Bill's table caught Charlie's with a huge bang and knocks one of its legs off. The loudness of the collision causes Aurelia to flinch and drop her quill, she spills ink all over her letter to Neville. "That's brilliant." She huffs, "Totally fucking brilliant." Now she's got to start all over, it's a good thing she likes writing letters to Neville. She hears a window being opened, shortly after she hears Percy bellow out: "Will you keep it down?!" "Sorry, Perce! How're the cauldron bottoms coming on?" Bill calls out. "Very badly." Percy replies peevishly, slamming his window shut. Bill and Charlie direct the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then with a flick of his wand, Bill reattaches the table leg and conjures tablecloths from nowhere. By seven o'clock, the two tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Mrs. Weasley's excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, Mae, Elliot, and Aurelia sat themselves down to enjoy a nice dinner. Mae and Aurelia sit next to Percy while Elliot sits next to George, Aurelia grabs some ham and potatoes as she listens in on the conversation Percy is having with Arthur. "I've told Mr. Crouch that I'll have it ready by Tuesday," Percy says, "That's a bit sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. I think he'll be grateful I've done it in good time, I mean, it's extremely busy in our department just now, what with all the arrangements for the World Cup. We're just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman —" "I like Ludo." Arthur says mildly, "He was the one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. I did him a bit of a favor: His brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble — a lawnmower with unnatural powers — I smoothed the whole thing over." "Oh Bagman's likable enough, of course," Percy says dismissively, "But how he ever got to be Head of Department . . . When I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I can't see Mr. Crouch losing a member of our department and not trying to find out what's happened to them. You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?" "Yes, I was asking Ludo about that," Mr. Weasley replies, frowning, "He says Bertha's gotten lost plenty of times before now — though I must say, if it was someone in my department, I'd be worried. . ." "Oh. Bertha's hopeless, all right. I hear she's been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she's worth . . . But all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find her. Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of her — but Bagman just keeps laughing and saying she probably misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of Albania. However —" Percy lets out an sigh and takes a deep swig of his drink, "We've got quite enough on our plates at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members of other departments too. As you know, we've got another big event to organize right after the World Cup." The Triwizard Tournament, Aurelia thinks with a shudder. Percy clears his throat, glancing toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione are sitting. "You know the one I'm talking about, Father." He raises his voice slightly, "The top-secret one." "You mean —" Aurelia begins to say but Mae clamps at hand over her a mouth. "Don't ye dare." Mae hisses in her ear, "Yer not supposed to know." Aurelia sighs but drops it and grabs some more potatoes. "When will we be going dress shopping, Mae?" Aurelia asks. "Sometime after the World Cup, have ye thought of what kind of dress you want?" "Something extravagant and yellow . . . Maybe a pale pink colour." Aurelia says. Mae rolls her eyes "O' course, why did I even bother askin'." She says playfully. "To be polite, I suppose." Aurelia drawls out teasingly. Aurelia glances around the table, her green eyes landing on Molly who is fussing over Bill. "Mum, no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure." Bill says patiently. "And your hair's getting silly, dear," Molly tells him, "I wish you'd let me give it a trim. . ." "I like it." Ginny says, "You're so old- fashioned, Mum. Anyway, it's nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore's. . . " "Long hair is the Shiiiiiitake Mushrooms... It suits you, Willy." Aurelia pipes in. Bill rolls his eyes at the silly nickname and her very lame attempt at covering up her cursing. "That's true!" Elliot agrees, jumping into their conversation and leaving the one he had been in with the twins and Charlie. "Long hair and eyeliner on guys is positively lovely." "It sounds like you just described yourself there, Ellie." "Is that something you're into, Bill?" He asks teasingly, giving the older boy a wink. George chokes on his drink, narrowing his eyes at Bill and Elliot. "I'm into that on girls. Sorry to disappoint." Bill jokes. Elliot laughs loudly then turns back to the twins and Charlie. "It's got to be Ireland," Charlie says thickly, through a mouthful of potato, "They flattened Peru in the semifinals." "Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though." Fred says. "Krum's one decent player, Ireland has got seven," Charlie says shortly, "I wish England had got through. That was embarrassing, that was." "What happened?" Harry asks eagerly. "Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten," Charlie replies gloomily, "Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered by Luxembourg." "Scotland was a disaster." Elliot groans, sounding more than disappointed. "So, just like your life?" Aurelia teases. Elliot glares at her then smiles sweetly "You mean just like your life? I'm not the disaster of our family here."
AURELIA WATCHES AS FIVE BOYS STUMBLE INTO the kitchen, yawning, Aurelia's just as tired as they are. She glances at Mae, who's making breakfast at the moment along with Molly. Aurelia's extremely tired all due to the fact she had been unable to get much sleep last night. The nightmare she's had for as long as she can remember decided that last night would be a wonderful night to come around again. Every time she had dozed off she would hear crazed laughter, women screaming, a baby crying, and flashes of bright, different coloured lights dancing across her line of vision. Aurelia's used to the nightmare, but it had kept her from getting sleep last night as it seemed to be more vivid than usual. Aurelia rubs her eyes, letting out a huge yawn, this game better be worth it, she thinks to herself, leaning back in her seat. George looks around the room "Where's Bill and Charlie and Per — per — Percy?" He wonders, failing to stifle a yawn which causes her to yawn yet again. "Well, they're apparating, aren't they?" Molly replies. In other words, they're still sleeping? Aurelia thinks grumpily, narrowing her eyes at nothing. She rests her chin on her fist, sighing as she does so, those lucky little shits. "So they can have a bit of a lie in." Mae adds then looks to Molly for confirmation, Molly nods. "So they're still in bed." Fred says grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge towards him. Aurelia laughs softly, although she's rather bitter that they got to sleep in more. Fred gives her a look and whispers: "Those lucky gits." "Why can't we apparate too?" George asks. "Because you're not of age and you haven't passed your test!" Molly snaps. George looks taken back by his mother's sharp tone, once again Aurelia laughs quietly, shaking her head and smiling. "And where have those girls got to?" Molly wonders, shaking her head as she bustles out of the kitchen. Aurelia follows shortly after her as she still needs to brush her hair and teeth, grab her bag, and camera. After doing those things, Aurelia hoists her messenger bag over her shoulder and hangs her camera around her neck. She pauses in front of Fred and George's room, the door's open a crack and the lights are off. Aurelia smirks, should she? She thinks for a moment before nodding to herself, placing her hand on their door, she should. As she exits the twins' room she bumps into Hermione and Ginny. Hermione stares her down, suspicious. Aurelia turns red, her teensy, tiny crush on Hermione has yet to subside "Good morning." She squeaks out. Hermione raises her eyebrow "What are you up to?" "Oh, just leaving a surprise for the twins." Aurelia answers as nonchalantly as she can. Ginny snickers while Hermione rolls her eyes, then the three of them head downstairs. The kitchen is looking more lively than it had been before Aurelia went upstairs. Mae ruffles her hair as she passes by to take a seat at the table. "Why do we have to be up so early?" Ginny asks, rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table. "We've got a bit of a walk." Arthur replies. "Walk?" Harry asks, "What? Are we walking to the World Cup?" Aurelia snorts, if that had been the case then Aurelia wouldn't be going. "No, no, that's miles away," Arthur says, smiling, "We only need to walk a short way. It's just that it's very difficult for a large number of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. We have to be very careful about how we travel at the best of times, and on a huge occasion like the Quidditch World Cup —" "George!" Molly says sharply, they all jump. "What?" George asks, in an innocent tone that deceives nobody. "What is that in your pocket?" "Nothing!" "Don't you lie to me!" Molly points her wand at George's pocket and says: "Accio!" Several small, brightly coloured objects zoomed out of George's pocket; he tries to grab for them but misses, and they speed right into Molly's outstretched hand. "We told you to destroy them!" Molly scolds furiously, holding up what are unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees, "We told you to get rid of the lot! Empty your pockets, go on, both of you!" It's an unpleasant scene that upsets Aurelia, she knows how hard the twins had worked on the Ton-Tongue-Toffees, Elliot looks close to tears as he tugs on Mae's shirt for help. "Accio! Accio! Accio!" She shouts, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George's jacket and the turn-ups of Fred's jeans. "We spent six months developing those!" Fred shouts at his mother as she begins to throw the toffees away. Mae grabs the rest from Molly "Come on, Molls . . . They worked hard on those . . . I know they don't use them right but that's no reason to destroy their hard work! Just put them to the side until they get back." Molly rounds on Maeve "You stay out of this!" Molly turns back to the twins "What a fine way to spend six months!" she shrieks, "No wonder you didn't get more O.W.L.s!" "Molls, please, they're just having fun! Ye can't deny that these are brilliant, they can make good money off of this . . ." "I told you to stay out of this, Maeve! Stop telling me how to raise my children, what would you know, you just let Aurelia and Elliot do whatever they want! You're no —" Molly stops herself, realising that she's about to cross a line. Mae's expression hardens. "I'm 'no' what?" Mae questions her. Molly gulps and shakes her head, mumbling: "Nothing, nothing." "No, go on, Molls . . . Say it, I'm 'no' what?" "You're not a mother, you don't have any kids of your own." Molly says softly, "Though you like to pretend, Elliot and Aurelia are not yours." Mae gives Molly a cold stare and slides the Ton-Tongue Toffees she had managed to save into her pocket "Ye three ain't gettin' these until after the World Cup, you understand me, boys." The twins and Elliot nod their heads, they know better than to cross Mae even if she doesn't have any magic. All is not friendly in the atmosphere as the group takes to their departure for the Quidditch World Cup. Molly is still glowering as she kisses Arthur on the cheek, but the older woman isn't glowering as much as the twins are. Fred and George hoist their rucksacks onto their backs and walk out the door without so much as a word to their mother, Elliot follows behind them. "Well have a lovely time. And behave yourselves!" She calls out to the twins' and Elliot's retreating backs, neither of them looks back or answers. "I'll send, Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday." Molly says to Arthur, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Mae, and Aurelia set off across the dark yard after Fred and George. It's chilly and the moon is still out, the only sign that dawn is drawing closer is the bright greenish tinge along the horizon. "Mae, you alright?" Aurelia asks. Mae fakes a smile and nods her head "O' course, I am . . . Molly doesn't —" "I think you're a mother." Aurelia says, "And so does Ellie! Hell, he even calls you 'mum'! You're just as much a mother as Molly is!" Mae smiles softly and pats Aurelia's head "Thank ye, wee moon. Go on now, I'm sure you'd much rather hang out with the twins and Ellie." "But —" "I'll be fine, ye needn't worry about me, wee moon." "Okay . . . If you're sure . . ." "I'm positive, now get!" Mae insists, gently shoving Aurelia towards the twins and Elliot. Aurelia in her exhausted state, struggles to catch up to the twins and Elliot, who are walking a great deal faster than the rest of the group. "Fred! George! Ellie!" She calls out to them, "Wait up!" Fred slows down a bit while it looks as though George has sped up and Elliot follows his lead. "You dinks!" Aurelia says, walking faster, determined to catch up with them, "I'll fight you if you don't slow the frick down!" at this remark, Fred chuckles allowing Aurelia to catch up to him. She looks over her shoulder to see that Arthur is occupied in a conversation with Harry, Aurelia then reaches into her pockets pulling out a handful of Ton-Tongue Toffees. "What? Where did you get those?" Fred asks, disbelief lacing his tone. "I pulled them out of my ass." Aurelia replies, rolling her eyes "Where do you think I got them?" she questions sarcastically, a smirk on her face "I got them from your room when I went to get my camera. I knows you and George wouldn't be able to resist bringing them. But as always, I know you two would be caught and as always, I was right —" Fred laughs as he exclaims: "Hey! We do not —" "Tut, tut. lemme finish." She scolds playfully, Fred falls silent, playfully scowling at Aurelia. "So I grabbed some when I passed your room. You're welcome." "Thanks, Blue, how can I ever repay you?" Fred gasps jokingly, taking the Ton-Tongue Toffees from her hand. "You're so sneaky!" Aurelia rolls her eyes "Aww, shucks, that's the sweetest thing anyone has ever says to me!" "How did you ever get sorted into Hufflepuff?" Fred wonders, looking from her to the Ton-Tongue Toffees in his hand. "Well for starters, I'm very loyal, I can be kind, and I'm very hard working, unlike somebody I know." Aurelia quipped, her smirk growing. "Hey, George and I are very hard working, thank you very much! But you're so sly and cunning and you can be brave. . . Sometimes." "So, I was raised by Slytherins for eleven years of my life, of course, they'd leave some sort of impact on me. Besides I enjoy being a Hufflepuff. I'm proud to call myself one." She says as she smiles widely. When she had first been sorted into Hufflepuff, she had despised both herself and the house, but as the years went by she had learned to take pride in her house, "Okay, okay." Fred says, placing his hands up in surrender, "Oh, Georgie, look what our little prankster in training has done." "Ha, ha, ha. I'm am not your prankster in training. I don't do pranks, but if I does, I wouldn't get caught like you guys do." "Hey! We do not!" Elliot exclaims "Sure you guys don't, Ellie." "Fuck you, Blue." Stoatshead Hill appears in the distance, Aurelia groans "Aww, shite. Please don't tell me we have to climb that, Mr. Weasley." "Watch your language, Blue. Yes, we have to climb it" Arthur answers, "And please call me, Arthur." "Aww, Mr. Arthur! Can't we go around it?" "Arthur! Just call me, Arthur, not Mr. Weasley or Mr. Arthur, just Arthur and no, Blue we cannot go around it." She groans again. None of the Weasleys, Harry, Hermione, Elliot, Mae, or Aurelia have a breath to spare for talking as they climb up Stoatshead Hill. She almost falls three times climbing the hill, although Aurelia can run faster than most and not get out of breath, she still despises physical activity greatly, especially when it comes to climbing. "Whew." Arthur pants, taking off his glasses and wiping them on his sweater, "Well, we've made good time — we've got ten minutes." Hermione comes over the crest of the hill, quickly followed by Aurelia, who is, of course, last. Both girls are clutching a stitch in their side. "I want death." Aurelia whines, wanting nothing more to lie on the ground and fall asleep. "You always want death." Fred remarks and George snickers at his brother and friend. "That's true." She agrees half-heartedly with a shrug of her shoulders, leaning on to Fred's arm and letting out a huge yawn "Now we just need to find the portkey." Arthur says, putting his now clean glasses back on. He squints at the groun, "It won't be big . . . Come on . . ." They had only been looking around for the Portkey for a couple of minutes when a shout rang through the air. "Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, we've got it!" Two figures are silhouetted against the starry sky on the other side of the hilltop. "Amos!" Arthur calls out to the voice, he strides over to the two people and the group follows behind him. Arthur shakes hands with a ruddy-faced wizard who holds a mouldy boot in his free hand. "This is Amos Diggory, everybody." Arthur says, introducing the ruddy-faced wizard to the group, "He works for the Department for the regulation and control of magical creatures. I think you all know his son, Cedric." Aurelia rushes forward to hug her fellow Hufflepuff friend. "Ced!" She exclaims, startling him as she huggs him tightly. "Hello, Blue!" He greets, hugging her in return. "Hi!" Cedric says looking at the group, everybody says it back with the exception of Fred and George, who merely nod. The twins still have not forgiven Cedric or even Aurelia for beating their team in the first Quidditch match of the previous year. "Long walk, Arthur?" Amos asks Arthur. "Not too bad." Arthur replies, "We just live on the other side of the village." "We had to get up at two, didn't we, Ced?" Amos says loudly to Arthur, "I tell you I'll be glad when he passes his apparation test. Still, not complaining . . . Quidditch World Cup, wouldn't miss it for a sack full of galleons — and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy." Cedric's father says, peering at the group of kids, "All these yours, Arthur?" "Oh, no. Only the redheads." Arthur replies, and Aurelia changes her hair to a reddish-orange colour, smirking to herself, Arthur looks at her with a fond smile "Aurelia's part of our family too. This is Hermione Granger — a friend of Ron's, and this is Harry Potter, anoth —" "Merlin's beard!" Amos gasps, "Harry? Harry Potter?!" This always happens, Aurelia knows this makes Harry uncomfortable. He's the boy who lived, the boy who defeated the darkest wizards of all time when he was merely one-years-old. Harry's been famous ever since that night, he didn't even know that until his eleventh birthday, after all, he grew up with Muggles, his aunt and uncle never once told him about the wizarding world while he grew up. Aurelia remembers meeting Harry on the train four years ago, during their first year at Hogwarts, it had been a rather awkward encounter. "Ced's talked about you, of course." Amos says "He told us all about playing against you last year. . . I said to him. I said — Ced, that'll be something your grandchildren, that will — you beat Harry Potter!" The twins scowl once again, Aurelia expects Cedric's father to brag about that, although he meant no harm by it, he's only proud of his son. Cedric, however, looks downright embarrassed "Harry fell off his broom, dad." Cedric mutters, "I told you, it was an accident and it was technically Aurelia who beat him, she's our seeker after all." "Yes, but she didn't fall off her broom." Amos laughs slapping Cedric's back, "Always modest our Ced, always the gentleman, but the best man — er, woman — won. I'm sure Harry would agree, wouldn't you? One falls off their broom, the other stays on, you don't need a genius to tell which one is a better flier!" Amos laughs loudly, causing Aurelia to roll her eyes at her friend's father. "Harry was literally attacked by a Dementor while on a broom, hundreds of feet in the air but he's totally not a good flier at all." Aurelia says sarcastically. Amos gives her dirty look and opens his mouth most likely to insult her when Arthur speaks up, directing everyone's attention back to him. "Must be nearly time." Arthur says quickly, pulling out his watch "Do you know whether we're waiting for anymore?" "Does your dad need some ice for that burn?" Fred asks Cedric, who bites back a laugh as he pulls Aurelia into a one-armed hug. "Stop being so sassy, Little Blue." Cedric scolds her. "No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn't get tickets." Amos replies to Arthur "There aren't any more of us in the area, are there?" "None that I know of." Arthur says, "Yes, it's a minute off, we'd better get ready." Arthur looks at the group, his gaze lingering on Harry and Hermione. "You just need to touch the portkey, that's all, a finger will do." Arthur explains. Aurelia knows all about portkeys, she had used one once or twice as a child and they always make her nauseous, she eyes it warily. "Why does it have to be a bloody portkey?" Aurelia mutters. The group crowds around the old boot, that's being held out by Amos. They stand in a tight circle, and she can't help but think that this might look pretty odd if a Muggle happens to walk by. A group of redheads, a badly dressed old man, and three teenagers standing around an old boot will certainly give off some warning signs, if a Muggle had saw them they'd probably think they're in a cult that worships old mouldy boots. "Three . . ." Arthur mutters, still eyeing his watch "Two . . . One . . ." She yelps out as she finds herself being blown about in the wind, holding onto a damn moldy boot for dear life, this Quidditch World Cup is really testing her. She regrets asking those tickets. Everyone's shoulders are bumping into each other, the wind's howling in Aurelia's ears, she squeezes her eyes shut. As suddenly as it starts, it stops. Aurelia feels her feet hit solid ground and she struggles to keep herself from toppling over. Her windswept hair is covering most of her view but through her thick strands of hair, she can see that Fred, Hermione, George, Ron, and Harry are on the ground entangled in each other. She looks to her left, making herself even dizzier than she already is, Cedric, Arthur, Amos, Elliot, and Mae are standing perfectly still looking as if nothing had happened with the exception of them looking very windswept. Then without warning, Aurelia falls over, she sighs in defeat as her face came in contact with the wet grass. She wonders if this is how Nymphadora feels on a daily basis. Mae laughs loudly and helps her up "I used to hate Portkeys, wee moon, are ye alright?" Aurelia nods as Mae brushes the dirt off her shirt. Elliot snickers as he looks around "This is certainly going to be fun finding our tent. . . Isn't it, mum? Good thing we have a Hufflepuff with us because they're particularly good —" Aurelia karate chops him in the throat with zero hesitation and he chokes on his words. "Let. That. Die." She seethes. "Hey! What have I told ye about karate choppin' Elliot in the throat?!" Mae scolds, "That's dangerous! Karate chop him in the stomach, it's less harmful but just as painful!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Once they find their tents and they had made themselves at home in it, Arthur has Aurelia, Harry, Ron, and Hermione go and get water for the camp. Aurelia isn't paying much attention to her surroundings, she's busy worrying about what might happen if she was to run into her parents and twin. Ron breaks her train of thought, asking: "Er, is it just my eyes or has everything gone green?" Aurelia turns her hair green and smiles teasingly at Ron. "Don't mess with me like this, Blue, my brain is too fragile for that." He says, nudging her shoulder. The four of them had walked into a patch of tents covered in thick growths of shamrocks. From behind them, a familiar voice calls out their names. Aurelia can recognize that voice anywhere. It's Seamus Finnigan, he's sitting in front of one of the tents with his mother and Dean Thomas. Aww, so cute, they're on a date! Aurelia thinks, she waggles her eyebrows at Seamus who clenches his jaw but doesn't say anything. "Like the decorations?" Seamus wonders, "The ministry isn't too happy about it." "Ah, and why shouldn't we show our colours." Mrs. Finnigan says. "You should see what the Bulgarians have dangling all over their tents. You'll be supporting Ireland, of course?" She adds, eyeing them beadily, when they assure her they are indeed supporting Ireland, they set off again. "Like we'd say anything else surrounded by that lot." Ron quips. Aurelia smirks and suggests: "Let's go see what the Bulgarians have on their tents!" Harry nods in agreement then points to a large patch of tents upheld, where the Bulgarian flag — white, green, and red — is fluttering in the breeze. The tents here haven't been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of them have the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. Aurelia recognises the face as Viktor Krum, he's Elliot's celebrity crush. She had to hear him rant and rave all about Viktor Krum all summer, it's almost as bad as when he rants and raves about George and his 'cute shoulders'. Aurelia can't understand how anyone can think shoulders are cute. Elliot's strange but Aurelia can't say anything because he has too much dirt on her that he's not afraid to use. "Krum." Ron says quietly. "What?" Hermione asks. "Krum!" Ron replies, "Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!" "He looks really grumpy," Hermione says, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them. Aurelia giggles loudly and says: "He is, isn't he?" "Really grumpy?" Ron echoes, "Who cares what he looks like? He's unbelievable. He's really young too. Only just eighteen or something. He's a genius, you wait until tonight, you'll see." Apparently Viktor Krum is also Ron's celebrity crush. Finally they make their way to the water source, there's already a small queue for the water tap in the corner of the field, the four of them join in right behind a pair of men in a heated argument. One of them is a very old wizard with a long beard wearing a flowery nightgown, the other is clearly a Ministry wizard, he's holding out a pair of pinstriped trousers almost crying with exasperation. "Just put them on, Archie! You can't walk around like that, the Muggle at the gate's already getting suspicious —" "I bought this in a Muggle shop." The old wizard retorts stubbornly, "Muggles wear them." "Muggle women wear them, Archie! Not men, they wear these." The Ministry wizard argues brandishing the pinstriped trousers. "I'm not wearing them." Archie says simply, "I like a healthy breeze around my privates, thanks." Hermione is overcome with a strong fit of giggles and she has to move away to gain her composure. Aurelia bites her lip to keep from giggling but she fails miserably and has to walk away just like Hermione. She stumbles over to a nearby tree and she leans against it for support. She's laughing so hard it hurt, Aurelia is struggling to regain her composure. "What's so funny?" An airy voice, Aurelia knows all too well, asks. She takes a deep breath to calm herself. "Lu — Luna, 'ello!" She exclaims looking up to see Luna Lovegood standing before her, an empty bucket in her hands. "Hello, Aurelia." Luna says in her usual dreamy tone, "How was your summer?" "It was wonderful, Luna, thanks for asking! How was yours?" Aurelia replies eagerly. Luna Lovegood is in the year below Aurelia, she's a Ravenclaw and she's one of Elliot's best friends. Aurelia's not sure how Elliot became friends with Luna all she knows is that no one's allowed to say anything bad at her unless they want to start a fight. "Oh, it absolutely wonderful! Father and I Learned about Wrackspurts this summer, a very interesting creature." Luna explains. "That sounds lovely. I think Harry and Ron have gotten some water, so we best head back to our tent. It was nice seeing you, Luna, I'll see you at school!" "Okay, bye Aurelia, tell Ellie I said hello!" "I will!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "You've been ages!" George exclaims when they finally return to the tent. "We met a few people along the way." Ron replies. "I saw Luna... She says 'Hi', Elllie." Aurelia tells Elliot who smiles at the mention of Luna. "You not got the fire started, yet?" Ron asks. "Dad's having fun with the matches." Fred says glancing at his father. Arthur's having no success at all in lighting the fire, but it's not for the lack of trying, splintered matches littered the ground around him. Despite not being able to light a match, looks as though he's having the time of his life. "Oops!" He says, lighting a match but he promptly drops it in surprise. For someone who is obsessed with Muggle objects, he's terrible at working them. Aurelia laughs silently, she's suprised that Mae hasn't stepped in yet to help then she looks around the tent and notices Mae isn't in the tent. "Where'd Mae go?" Aurelia asks Elliot. "Eh, she mentioned something about getting something to eat from one of those stand things." Elliot replies. "Come here, Mr. Weasley." Hermione say kindly, taking the box from him and shows him how to do it properly. Aurelia smiles, Hermione's so kind and nice and — "Do you also have a crush on Hermione?" Elliot whispers in her ear. She shakes her head, turning red "No — no, no! I don't have a crush on anybody especially not a girl!" Elliot frowns then throws his arm around her shoulder "Hey, Aurelia. . . Let's go for a walk." "I just went on a walk." Aurelia says. "We need to talk." She swallows thickly, a feeling of panic grows in her chest. This can't be be good!
"THEY'RE SELLING CORN-DOGS." ELLIOT SAYS, POINTING AT one of the stands surrounding them. Aurelia doesn't want a bloody corn-dog she wants to know why Elliot had insisted that she go on a walk with him. It made her nervous especially because of the fact he had asked that right after he had asked if she had a crush on Hermione. Oh no, Aurelia thinks, he's against this. He's against it and he's gonna tell Mae and they're going to send her back to her mum and dad, they're — "I've got something to tell you." Elliot says. Aurelia blinks away tears, her mouth opens in surprise "What?" This isn't at all what she's expecting. "I'm gay . . . I know I'm not very subtle about it but you're the first person I've told outside of George, Fred, and Lee." Elliot says. Aurelia's not surprised by this revelation she's always suspected that Elliot's not straight but she never said anything, it had never been any of her business and she had never wanted to offend him. Growing up, being gay hadn't exactly been frowned upon by her parents but they didn't exactly seem to think it was normal. Her parents' friends had been terrible about it, they made it clear that it wasn't normal which is probably why Aurelia's afraid to say anything about her 'girls are fuckin' cute' quirk to anybody to this day. "I haven't told mum yet." Elliot confesses. Now this surprises Aurelia, Elliot tells Mae everything and that worries her. Why wouldn't he tell her? Is Mae against it? Merlin, she wishes that her little theory Mae and her Aunt had been true right about now. "Why not?" Aurelia wonders, chewing on her lower lip in a nervous manner. Elliot shrugs "I think she already knows . . . How could she not after my blatant crush on Percy when I was five . . . I used to have terrible taste in men so don't judge me." Aurelia punches his shoulder lightly "You're so mean! Percy ain't that bad!" "Clearly because Oliver bloody Wood has taken a fancy to him." Elliot snickers. "You laugh but they're actually very cute! I think they balance each other out quite nicely. Has he told Molly and Arthur yet?" "About Oliver? No. But George's told me that he came out to them a week ago and Molly got three sickles from Arthur." Elliot replies, laughing. Aurelia laughs as well. Elliot sobers up, his calm expression turning serious "You know you can tell me anything right, Aurelia?" She nods "Of course." He stares at her her expectantly as they walk around the grounds of the World Cup. "What?" She asks, giving him a confused look. Elliot sighs dramatically before shaking his head "Nothing, nothing . . . Want to head back now, there's nothing interesting around here." She frowns, they hardly looked at anything but she nods anyway, shrugging her shoulders "Sure." They arrive back at the tent just in time to hear Ludo Bagman say: "Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur? I've already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first — I offered him nice odds, considering Ireland's front three are the strongest I've seen in years — and little Agatha Timms has put up half shares in her eel farm on a week-long match." Elliot's grey eyes light up, looking like a little boy of Christmas Morning "Ooh, we're betting now? This should be fun!" "It'll be so very." Aurelia says sarcastically. Aurelia doesn't even have to look at the twins' faces to know they're sporting similar expressions. Aurelia enjoys herself a good bet, but a bet with Ludo Bagman? Yeah, no thanks. She'll pass. "Oh, go on then, let's see . . . A Galleon on Ireland to win?" Arthur says. "Only a Galleon?" Bagman says, sounding disappointed, "Very well, very well . . . Any other takers?" "They're a bit young to be gambling, Molly wouldn't like —" Arthur says worriedly. Fred cuts him off "We'll bet thirty-seven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three Knuts! That Ireland wins — but Viktor Krum gets the Snitch. Oh and we'll throw in a fake wand!" Her eyebrows raise, they're not serious! They're gonna give all their savings to this shady bitch without a second thought?! He and George pool all their money for Bagman to take, Aurelia goes to protest but she's cut of by Percy who hisses: "You don't want to go showing Mr. Bagman rubbish like that —" Ludo lets out a roar of laughter, finding the fake wand to be quite amusing. "They're not rubbish! They're brilliant!" Aurelia scolds Percy. "That doesn't mean they have to show it to Mr. Bagman." Percy retorts. "They mean no harm!" Aurelia hisses. "It's embarrassing!" Percy hisses right back. "It's not you're just melodramatic!" "Excellent! I haven't seen one that convincing in years! I'd pay five Galleons for that!" Bagman laughs loudly Percy's eyes go wide and Aurelia shoots him an 'I-told-you-so' look. "Boys," Arthur says under his breath, "I don't want you betting. That's all your savings. Your mother —" "Don't be a spoilsport, Arthur! They're old enough to know what they want! You reckon Ireland will win but Krum'll get the Snitch? Not a chance, boys, not a chance . . . I'll give you excellent odds on that one . . . We'll add five Galleons for the funny wand —" "Fake wand." Aurelia corrects, giving him a dirty look Bagman glances at her and his eyes go wide with terror but he quickly recovers himself, clearing his throat and whipping out a notebook and quill to write down the twins' names. Arthur looks helplessly to Mae who pats him on the back but makes no move to stop the twins. Aurelia wants to stop them but she knows there's no use, they've made up their minds. She has a very bad feeling that Bagman is either going to rip them off or not pay them back at all if they win. She can easily solve that problem though, she can easily pay them back without them knowing. Aurelia'll just need Bagman's signature and maybe a little note from him. She's not going to let them lose this money. She puts a pretty little smile on her face and turns to Bagman, she bats her eyelashes as she asks: "Mr. Bagman, sir, could you perhaps sign this for me?" Aurelia pulls out a crumbled piece of paper from the pocket of her yellow jumper "And could you perhaps write 'the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog' above it, it's my favourite quote from, uh, my favourite book To Kill a Mockingbird. It'd mean a lot coming from my favourite Quidditch player!" Bagman smiles politely at her, nodding his head and taking the paper from her. "To Kill a Mocking bird, huh? That's a popular Muggle's book, isn't it . . . Do you like Muggles?" Aurelia narrows her eyes, knowing exactly what Bagman means by this. "Yes." She replies stiffly. He finishes the signature and hands the paper back to her "That's surprising considering your —" "I am not my family, Bagman! I am my own person who doesn't like being told who she is or what she can like or do." Aurelia snaps bitingly, glaring murderously at him. She turns on her heel. Aurelia smirks to herself, thanks for the note, bitch, it'll make an excellent forgery. "Couldn't do me a brew, I suppose?" Bagman asks, moving away from Aurelia with a nervous look on his face, "I'm keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite number's making difficulties, and I can't understand a word he's saying. Barty'll be able to sort it out. He speaks about a hundred and fifty languages." "Mr. Crouch? He speaks over two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll!" Percy says excitedly. "Anyone can speak Troll, all you have to do is point and grunt." Fred says dismissively. Aurelia covers her mouth to stop herself from laughing, Percy gives him a nasty glare as he tries to bring the kettle to boil over the fire. "Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo?" Arthur asks. "Not a dicky bird, but she'll turn up. Poor old Bertha . . . Memory like a leaky cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, you take my word for it. She'll wander back into the office sometime in October, thinking it's still July." "You don't think it might be time to send someone to look for her?" Arthur suggests tentatively. "Barty Crouch keeps saying that," Bagman says. "Then, maybe, I don't know I could be wrong, maybe you should do that?" Aurelia suggests sarcastically. Percy gives her a look of mild approval but hushes her all the same. "— But, we really can't spare anyone at the moment. Oh — speak of the devil! Barty!" Aurelia glances over her shoulder to see that Barty Crouch had apparated by the fireside and he doesn't look very pleased. "Pull up a bit of grass, Barty," Bagman says brightly, patting the ground beside him. "No thank you, Ludo," Crouch says, sounding slightly impatient, "I've been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add another twelve seats to the Top Box." "Oh, is that what they're after?" Bagman questions, "I thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of tweezers. Bit of a strong accent." "When you said he was daft, I didn't think you meant that daft." Aurelia whispers to Percy, who either doesn't hear her or ignores her, as he bows awkwardly in front of Barty Crouch. "Mr. Crouch! Would you like a cup of tea?" Percy asks breathlessly. "Oh, "Yes . . . Thank you, Weatherby." Crouch replies, looking at Percy in mild surprise. Aurelia scowls at Crouch "He's been working for you —" Percy stabs her in the ribs with his bony elbow, giving her a glare before he busies himself with the kettle, his face bright pink. So, Aurelia does her best to swallow her rant, instead settling with snapping: "It's Weasley." at Barty Crouch. "Oh!" Crouch says but than turns to Arthur and says: I've been wanting a word with you too, Arthur. Ali Bashir's on the warpath. He wants a word with you about your embargo on flying carpets." Arthur heaves a deep sigh. Elliot leans over and whispers in her ear "I can show you the world." Aurelia lets out a bark of laughter and quickly covers her mouth to muffle her uncontrollable giggles. "Shining, shimmering, splendid." Elliot whispers agains. "St — st — stop." She wheezes. He leans down to her ear and sings quietly: "A whole new wooorld . . . Cup." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The time draws near for the World Cup and they start making their way to the stadium. Aurelia bounces on the heels of her feet as she walks beside Mae. Behind them, a girl with a German accent speaks up "Your hair, izt very pretty!" Aurelia looks over her shoulder, brown eyes landing on a very pretty girl — possibly a Veela or part Veela — the pretty girl's got olive-toned skin and heavily-lidded eyes, she's tall and radiated this weird feeling of power. There's a smirk on the girl's wine-coloured lips that makes her look as sly as a fox. "Are — are you talk — talking a — about me?" Aurelia stammers. The girl giggles "Ja, I'm talking about you. You're zee the prettiest girl, I've zeen all day." Aurelia laughs loudly, trying to hide her blushing face in the neck of her yellow jumper. "Thank you." The girl laughs as well "'Ou are very velcome . . . I'm Noelle Edwyn Godwin. 'Ou are you?" "I'm Aurelia Black, are you from Durmstrang?" "Ja, are you from Hogvarts?" "Yes." Noelle smirks "Tell me, are all zee gurls from there zis beautiful?" Aurelia turns bright red. Noelle's flirting with her? Aurelia's rather certain she is. Noelle's called her pretty twice in under five minutes. That's definitely flirting! Sweet Merlin! A pretty girl is actually flirting with me! "That's what Hogwarts is known for. Well, that and imminent danger." Aurelia says, giving Noelle a teasing smile. Noelle picks up her pace so she can walk beside Aurelia "I've heard zat zey put zeir students into veird little houzes. Vy vould zey make zo many houzes for zeir schudents?" Aurelia laughs "Oh! No, no! It's not like you think, there's only four houses! They use a hat to sort us into them . . . The hat also sings." Noelle looks enthralled with every word that Aurelia's saying, she bites her lip and lets out a little giggle, brushing her shoulder against Aurelia's lightly. Aurelia can feel Mae's eyes burning into the back of her neck. Oh, shit! She must not like what Aurelia's doing. But Noelle's far too pretty not to flirt with especially since Noelle started the flirting. "Und vat houze are you in?" Noelle asks sweetly. "Hufflepuff!" Aurelia replies with pride. Something flashes in Noelle's eyes but then she giggles: "Hufflepuff makes me vink of a marshmallow!" Aurelia giggles, staring at Noelle intently. "Soft and squash-able! Pathetic!" A raspy woman's voice spits faintly. Before Aurelia can look for the voice that she recognises somewhat, Noelle asks: "Vat team are 'ou rooting for?" "Oh! I'm not really sure, I'm mostly here just to watch the game! Are you rooting for any team in particular?" "Bulgaria, ov course!" Noelle replies, flashing a Bulgarian flag pin on her navy, blue cloak. "Ooh, my cousin's supporting them! He's definitely rooting for Krum, I think Krum's cool, he's an amazing seeker." "Ja, he's great!" Noelle agrees, "Vell, Aurelia Black, I must go now, I have to go vind my friends, ve got separated. May ve meet again, pretty gurl!" Aurelia smiles, blushing. They probably won't but she hopes they do. "Bye, Noelle, it was wonderful meeting you." "Likevise." Noelle says, placing a polite kiss on her cheek." "Wow." Aurelia mumbles breathlessly as she watches Noelle jog off to find her friends. Once Noelle's out of hearing range, Mae clears her throat and asks: "What was that about?" Dread courses through Aurelia's veins. Shit. Mae's going to be so mad that you like girls — she might even kick you out! She's going to be disgusted by you like they were by your scars! "What was what about?" Aurelia squeaks out, her attempt at sounding casual fails miserably. Mae gives her a blank stare "Ye know —" "OH! WOW!" Aurelia yells, thanking her lucky stars that a bit of the stadium can be seen through the trees, "Guess we're here! Better go and catch up with the others!" Aurelia quickly scampers away from Mae to catch up with the Weasleys. "This discussion isn't over!" Mae calls after her, sighing. Mae's always suspected that Aurelia likes girls, starting with Pansy Parkinson to the way she talks about Hermione Granger, to just now with that German girl. She's almost as obvious as Elliot is. But, her friendship with Neville Longbottom, often makes it hard for Mae to know for sure. If Aurelia does like girls then Mae's not going to allow her to feel like she has to hide it. Mae's not going to allow history to repeat itself. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Prime seats!" The Ministry witch had said, "Straight to the top!" She had said. "Holy mother of fucking tits!" Aurelia had said because there's so many god damn fucking stairs. Now, let's get this straight, Aurelia's not lazy, it should just be illegal to have this many stairs. Could they not have charmed the stairs to move like those Muggle Escalator things? Aurelia turns to the closest Weasley who happens to be, Percy. "Percy, please —" "No." He says flatly not even daring to look at her. Aurelia turns to Bill with her puppy dog eyes. "Fine, hop on." Bill sighs. "Don't mind if I do!" Aurelia says with a grin, jumping on Bill's back. "Thanks, Willy Billy, I owe ya one!" "Please, never call me that again." When they finally reach the Top Box, she jumps down from Bill's back and thanks him profusely. She goes to open her satchel to give him some money but he stops her. "No," He laughs with a shake of his head "That'd be like me carrying Ginny all the way up here and expecting money from her." "Oh, okay." Aurelia mumbles. They file into the first row of purple chairs. Aurelia sits in between Fred and George, Elliot sits on George's other side. The three boys start to talk about the impending Quidditch match. "Dobby." Harry questions suddenly and Aurelia turns in her seat to look around the Top Box, curious to see if her old House-Elf is there. "Did sir just call me, Dobby?" A high-pitched voice squeaks out, it's clearly not Dobby. "Sorry, I just thought you were someone I knew." Harry apologises. "But, I knows Dobby too, sir! My name is Winky, sir — and you, sir — You is surely Harry Potter!" "Yeah, I am." Harry replies. "But Dobby talks of you all the time, sir!" Winky tells him. "How is he? How's freedom suiting him?" Harry asks. "Ah, sir, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you did Dobby a favour, sir, when you is setting him free." Winky squeaks mournfully. Aurelia scoffs, Harry had done Dobby a huge favour freeing him from the Malfoys. He wasn't treated well there, the Malfoys never treated any of their House-Elves well. Even Aurelia hadn't treated them nicely, she wasn't as bad as her parents but she wasn't someone their House-Elves would feel safe around. She's ashamed of herself but she's changed. She's a better person now. Fred nudges her shoulder, bluntly asking: "Are you gonna kiss Longbottom this year, Blue?" "Wh — what?" Aurelia splutters, face turning bright red, "Why would you — you ask that?" George grins "Well, you see we have this bet with Lee —" Aurelia sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose "Of course, you do!" "— That you're gonna be the one to kiss ickle Longbottom this year whereas Lee says Longbottom's gonna be the one to kiss you." Fred laughs. "So, uh, do us a teensy, weensy favour and be the one to kiss him." Elliot suggests nonchalantly. Aurelia chokes on her spit but quickly recovers. "Uh, what makes you say that either of us are going to kiss the other?" Aurelia questions cooly, raising an eyebrow. "Uh, literally everything you do together." Elliot counters. "You and George pretty much do the same thing!" "That's because we're dating — oh, shit!" Elliot says then clamps a hand over his mouth. Luckily no one outside their little group had heard. Aurelia stares at Elliot then George; honestly, she's not that surprised. The two weren't exactly subtle now that she thinks about it. "We haven't told anyone, outside Fred and Lee." Elliot says quietly, "Not because we don't want anyone to know but because we don't really see the big deal as coming out as a couple. George grins "That and we're waiting for the perfect moment to kiss in front of everyone as though it's no big deal and see just how many people go 'we fucking knew it!'" "Everyone's going to do that." Aurelia tells them pointedly, "You and Ellie'll be the only thing Mae and Molly'll get along about." Elliot snorts "Nah, they'll still fight over us . . . As much as Molly loves me, I highly doubt she'll want her son dating someone with a half-finished Dark-Mark on their wrist." They fall silent, Elliot stares dejectedly at his wrist and Fred, George, and Aurelia are at a loss as to what to say. " . . . Ah, and here's Lucius!" Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic, announces. Aurelia's blood runs cold. She knew they'd be there, Draco had told her himself while offering her a ticket but she already had one. Still, Aurelia can feel her anxiety building. Does that stop her from looking over at them? No. Draco spots her, and much to her surprise, he smiles "Lia, glad to —" Lucius places a hand on Draco's shoulder and he falls silent. " . . . Or our son, Draco." Lucius says softly. "How do you do? How do you do?" Fudge asks, smiling and bowing to Narcissa and Draco. Aurelia glances at her dad, he doesn't glare at her like she's the scum of the Earth but merely nods at her, Narcissa looks away from her, a faint look of nervousness and guilt cross her features, and Draco smiles at her again, though not as enthusiastically as before. " . . . And let's see who else — you know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?" Fudge asks her father. Aurelia sighs and closes her eyes, someone's about to go through the Top Box window, Aurelia thinks, I'd put money on dad being the one to go. There's a very tense moment as her dad stares down Arthur, both men are probably imagining throttling the other as they stare at each other. "Good lord, Arthur. What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?" Lucius says softly. Aurelia groans, internally rooting for Arthur to punch her dad in the face. Cornelius Fudge babbles on about a donation that the Malfoys made to St. Mungo's Hospital which confuses and angers her. Her father never spoke well of that hospital so why donate it. Had he really done it out of the goodness of his heart? She hopes so but she highly doubts it. When she had been attacked by that werewolf her parents had refused to take her there — sometimes she can't help but wonder if her mum and dad wanted her to succumb to her injuries but, that's besides the point — saying he didn't want them to know what happened and that most of the Healers there are incompetent. "He's here as my guest." Fudge says. "How very." Aurelia mutters sarcastically, turning around in her seat. Sometimes, she just wishes her family could be genuinely nice. Bagman charges into the box, exclaiming: "Everyone ready? Minister — ready to go?" "Ready when you are, Ludo," Fudge replies. Bagman places his wand at his throat. Aurelia cringes when she realises that forgot to bring earplugs. A wrapper hits the back of her head, she turns around to see Draco mouthing "Forgot something, dumbass? Catch." She raises an eyebrow, you're the one to talk mister. I-forgot-to-pack-the-night-before-Hogwarts, but she holds out her hand he tosses a package of earplugs at her which she catches easily. "Thank you." She mouths back, putting in the earplugs just as Ludo casts a spell on himself. Then sounding as though he's using an extra loud megaphone, Bagman announces: "Ladies and gentlemen . . . Welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!" "And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce . . . The Bulgarian National Team Mascots!" "I wonder what they've brought," Arthur wonders, leaning forward in his seat, "Aaah! Veela!" Aurelia looks down at the field as a hundred or so Veela came out. "Holy shit!" Aurelia mumbles in awe, she never really knew just how beautiful Veela are. They start to dance Aurelia quickly looks away knowing just what will happen if she continues to gawk at them. She'll do something stupid, that's what. "And now, kindly put your wands in the air . . . For the Irish National Team Mascots!" Bagman roars. A green and gold comet flies over the stadium and maybe if the Irish had gone first, Aurelia might've found it more entertaining but she finds herself drawn back over to the Veela. Aurelia can feel Mae's burning gaze on the back of her neck and she knows she should really look away before Mae can realise there's something wrong with her. But she doesn't look away until she hears Bagman scream: "They're off!" And the game begins. She can hardly keep up with the game mostly because part of her brain's screaming in panic over the fact that Mae might suspect she likes girls. If only she hadn't flirted back with Noelle, if only she had been more subtle about then maybe Mae wouldn't be staring at her like this. "Fingers in your ears!" Arthur bellows as the Veelas start to dance again. Although Aurelia's already got earplugs in, she clamps her hands over her ears for good measure. "Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova — oh I say!" Bagman roars. The crowd gasps as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummet through the center of the Chasers, so fast that it looks as though they had just jumped from aeroplanes without parachutes. "They're going to crash!" Hermione screams. Only one does, Viktor Krum pulls up at the last second leaving Aidan Lynch to crash into the ground with a dull thud. "Fool!" Arthur moans, "Krum was feinting!" "It's time-out!" Bagman anounces, as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine the injured seeker. It doesn't take long for Lynch to be healed and he's back up in the air in no time. The game resumes much more brutal than before. Then finally the most exciting moment of the night, Lynch spots the Snitch and dives for it. "He's seen the Snitch!" Harry shouts. "They're going to crash!" Hermione shrieks as Lynch dives towards the ground, Krum hot on his tail. "They're not!" Ron roars. "Lynch is!" Aurelia and Harry shout and they're right. Yet again, Lynch crashes into the ground and then he's immediately trampled by a herd of very angry Veela. "Where's the Snitch?!" Charlie bellows. "Krum's got it — it's all over!" Harry shouts. Indeed, Krum's got the Snitch but his team didn't win. "IRELAND WINS!" Bagman shouts excitedly, "KRUM GETS THE SNITCH —a BUT IRELAND WINS — good lord, I don't think any of us were expecting that!" Fred and George jump out of their seat, screaming in victory. They won their bet, Aurelia realises, and that shady bitch better pay them back! Elliot jumps up, hugging George and giving him a quick kiss. Fred picks up Aurelia and swings her around, gleefully shouting: "We won! We won! We won!"
"DON'T TELL YOUR MOTHER YOU'VE BEEN GAMBLING." Arthur says to Fred and George, his tone on the verge of begging. "Don't worry, dad!" Fred says gleefully, "We've got big plans for this money, we don't want it confiscated." Arthur opens his mouth to ask exactly what they've got planned but then promptly shut his mouth, deciding it's best he doesn't know. Aurelia laughs at the expression on Arthur's face. She's sitting on Fred's shoulder this time as they descend the purple-carpeted stairs. "What's so funny, Blue?" Fred asks. "Oh, nothing!" She giggles, shaking her head. They soon get caught up in the crowds that are leaving the stadium as well. The loud screaming, singing, and chatter causes Aurelia to grow tense. Too loud and too crowded, she feels trapped and she feels like she's being watched. Aurelia's too afraid to turn around, afraid that she'll see that woman again. She can't be here, Aurelia tells herself, she's dead. Still, Aurelia can't bring herself to look over her shoulder. "I'm not going to drop you, Blue!" Fred chuckles, "You can loosen your grip, you'll be fine. I've got you." "Oh." Aurelia mumbles, relaxing her hold. Fred's right, you're perfectly fine, Aurelia thinks to herself, pushing the feeling that somebody's watching her to the back of her mind. She should've turned around and then maybe, just maybe she might've seen that she's indeed being watched. Amidst the celebrating crowd stand a raven-haired woman that neither fits in or stands out, she's staring at Aurelia with a murderous expression. "I'll get you just yet, Little Wolfie, I'll make you pay." She mutters, dark blue eyes full of rage. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The walk back to their tent is filled with excited chatter about the game they had just watched. Ron and Elliot are, unsurprisingly, ranting and raving about Viktor Krum. Fred and George share a look, before they begin to taunt Ron and Elliot. "There's no one like Krum!" Ron exclaims. "Krum?" Fred echoes in a funny voice. "Dumb Krum!" George says in the same funny voice. Elliot and Ron glare at the twins. "He's like a bird!" Ron compliments fiercely, "The way he flies!" The twins pretend to be birds as they circle around Ron. Aurelia and the other laugh at the scene but their laughter is drowned out by Fred's obnoxious bird calls. "He's more than an athlete —" "Is he a Brain then? Or a Princess? Or a Criminal? Ooh, or is he a Basketcase?" Aurelia taunts. Ron doesn't get it, so he glares at her, Elliot rolls his eyes at her lame Muggle reference. "He's an artist!" Ron hisses at Aurelia. Aurelia doubles over laughing, that's the most dramatic thing Aurelia's heard anyone say about someone else ever. This is coming from the girl who once spent twenty minutes describing Neville's eyes to Neville, himself, when he had described them as a plain, boring, brown colour — Aurelia might've had crush on Neville longer than she realised because that was back in second year. Whoops. "I think you're in love, Ron." Ginny teases. "Piss off!" Ron snaps, scowling at her. "Viktor, I love you! Viktor, I do! When we're apart my heart beats only for you!" Fred and George sing loudly as they wrap Ron and Elliot in the Ireland flag. "Alright kids, settle down." Arthur says, handing out mugs hot cocoa. Aurelia takes hers eagerly "Thank you, Mr. Weasley!" "Arthur!" "Thank you, Mr. Arthur!" She grins at him and he sighs exasperated as he turns to Ginny and gives her a mug. "After this, we're all going to bed, we've got a lot to do tomorrow." Arthur tells the lot of them. They all groan in agreement though none of them are the least bit tired. Sipping on their hot cocoa, Elliot and Ron continue to fiercely defend Viktor Krum from the twins while the older kids have a heated debate with, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. Mae sits slightly behind Aurelia, brushing her blue curls and occasionally butting into the discussion in front of them. But, for the most part she watches Aurelia worriedly. It's not until Ginny falls asleep at the table, spilling her hot cocoa everywhere does Arthur send them all to their beds. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia doesn't fall asleep. She's tired as hell but no matter how hard she tries to fall asleep she can't. She's never slept in a tent before but she hates it. Everything's got her on edge, she feels exposed. Every little snap of branch or a shadow passing the tent, sends her further into a panicked frenzy. Aurelia thinks about crawling into bed with Mae but she's a little too scared to move and she doesn't want Mae to think she's annoying or weak. After all, she should be over this by now, it's been nearly five years since that happened. The werewolf is dead, her dad killed her. She's safe she's got nothing to worry about — What if it's Greyback? No, Aurelia tells herself, no, why would he want me? Dad said that the woman was just delusional because of the full moon. Greyback wants nothing to do me. . . You've got nothing to worry about. You're safe, she reassures herself as she tries to steady her breathing. Greyback's not dumb enough to set foot on British soil let alone go to a fully packed Quidditch game with loads of Ministry workers. You're safe, you're safe, you're — A shrill scream echoes through the night. You're about to die, you're about to die, you're about to die. Aurelia lifts her head up and glances around the tent, no one else stirs and maybe, just maybe that scream had been in her head. It had to of been, the others would've woken up, wouldn't they? She grips her sheets tightly, her blood running cold despite her efforts to calm her self. Something is wrong. Then comes another scream and Aurelia knows it's not in her head because Maeve hears it to. Mae sits up quickly and glances over at Aurelia, concern written all over her dainty features. "Did ye have a — A third scream. Mae's eyes widen in horror as she gets out of her bed and stumbles over to Hermione and Ginny. Something's wrong, oh, Merlin! Something's terribly wrong. The faint smell of something burning fills Aurelia's nose and she feels sick. "Hermione, Ginerva wake —" Mae's cut off by another shrill scream that sounds as if it's right outside their tent. She shakes the girls awake as the screaming becomes more frequent "Get up and get yer shoes on!" Mae says urgently. Aurelia practically dives for her shoes as Mae goes to look outside the tent "Arthur! Art — oh, Merlin!" She turns to the younger girls and tells them "Hurry up!" "What's going on?" Ginny asks, confused and terrified. "Death-Eaters." Mae replies, "I think they're goin' after Muggles . . . Hurry — OH!" Arthur comes bursting into their tent "Wake up! Wake — oh! Come on then!" Arthur exclaims, grabbing Ginny and Hermione, who are pulling on their shoes. "We need to get to the woods, it's not safe out here." He says urgently. Mae grabs onto Aurelia and pulls her out of the tent, the others follow after them. It's mass chaos outside, tents are on fire, there are literally people up in the air, screaming bloody murder, as Death-Eaters on the ground controlled them. Aurelia's terrified as she huddles into Mae's side, that is until she hears a little boy wailing, she looks up to see a little blond boy no older than five in the air, struggling to get down. She's filled with rage as her eyes land on the Death-Eater controlling him. It's a woman, she can see the Death-Eater's wild raven curls and she can hear her shrill cackle as the little boy screams for help. Aunt Bellatrix! She thinks but quickly dismisses it, there's no way she got out of Azkaban, that's not Bellatrix. Still, the fact the woman reminds her of Aunt Bellatrix only makes her angrier. "Hey!" Aurelia screams fiercely, "Hey! Let him —" She tries to go after the Death-Eater but Mae pulls her back, exclaiming: "Aurelia are ye mad?! Ye wouldn't stand a chance against a Death-Eater, let the professionals handle it!" Her green eyes are wide and fearful as she stares up at Aurelia, holding the younger girl in place. "Don't!" Mae says firmly and Aurelia nods her head, glancing over the boys, Fred, George, Harry, and Ron are looking around, seemingly just as scared as she is. "We're going to help the Ministry! You lot get to the woods, I'll come and fetch you when we've sorted this out!" Arthur tells them as he, Percy, Charlie, and Bill rush forward to help the floating Muggles. "C'mon!" Fred yells, grabbing ahold of Ginny's hand and dragging her toward the trees. The others follow suit, Mae holds tightly onto Aurelia's arm as they run after the twins. They don't get very far as Mae suddenly halts, her eyes widening in fear as she yelps: "Elliot!" Aurelia realises, horrified, the he hadn't been with the other boys. Shit, shit, shit! She thinks, leave it to Ellie to sleep through something like this. "Aurelia, listen to me carefully, okay, get to those trees and find the others, and stay there until I come back with Ellie." Mae instructs. Aurelia nods, holding back a sob. Mae smiles weakly, pressing a kiss to her forehead and muttering: "Good girl." Then she runs back towards the tents, Aurelia hesitates for a moment before turning on her heel and running for the trees. When she comes to stop, the twins, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, nor Harry are in sight. Either she had went in completely different direction they had or they went further into the woods then she had. "Fred! Hermione!" She yells out, her lower lip trembling. She gets no response. "Ron, Ginny! George!" She yells, sobbing. Still, no response. She's scared and alone and on the verge of a panic attack. SNAP! Aurelia yelps and jumps toward the sound of a snapping branch, there's a faint chuckle and she pulls her wand out of her jumper pocket, point. "Who — who's there?!" Aurelia yells. SNAP! A branch snaps behind her and she whirls around, pointing her wand in the general area in which the sound came from. "Lumos!" Nothing's there. SNAP! The sound is to her left this time, Aurelia chokes back a sob. SNAP! It's on her right. SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! SNAP! The sound of branches breaking is all around, circling her like a predator stalking its' prey. Aurelia can hardly breathe, she's so scared. She's half-expecting that woman, that werewolf to come through the trees. "BOO! GUESS WHO?!" A woman's voice shrieks in her ear, laughing madly. Aurelia barely has time to scream when the woman stuns her. The spell has enough force to send Aurelia flying into the nearest tree, hitting it with a harsh thud. "FUCK!" Aurelia screams in pain, tears burning her eyes as she struggles to pull herself to her knees. She grips her wand in her had as she fights to catch her breath, when she had hit the tree, it had knocked all the air from her lungs. Aurelia looks up at the woman who had attack her, it's Gwendoline fucking Goyle. Oh, fuck! Oh, I'm so dead! Gwendoline smiles at Aurelia, a smile that makes her skin crawl. She can see the hatred in Gwenodline's eyes. As far back as she can remember, Gwendoline's always hated her, the few memories she has of the woman all basically include either a.) Gwendoline glaring at her as though she's the spawn of Satan b.) Gwendoline trying to maim, seriously injure, and possibly trying to kill her, and c.) both of those events combined. "Remember me, Little Wolfie?" Gwendoline taunts. Aurelia swallows thickly, watching the Death-Eater stalk forward ever so slowly. She presses her aching back into the trunk of tree she had slammed into. Aurelia feels like a caged animal despite having her wand, her mind in blanking and she can't think of any good spells to use against her. Gwendoline must think she's unarmed as she continues to taunt Aurelia in a high-pitched baby voice. "Bella's not here to save you now, Little Wolfie . . . No one's here to save you, not even that Squib whore, you're all on your own. A whimpering, pathetic mutt with no one to come and rescue you." Gwendoline dark grey eyes are alight with excitement, her short wand pointed at Aurelia, shaking wildly as she rambles on. "I've waited years for this and now I'm finally going to have you screaming for mercy at my feet like the weak, filthy mutt you are. You'll be begging for the sweet release of death once I'm finished with you and I'll gladly give it to you . . . I'm finally going to make you pay!" Gwendoline laughs madly, her gaunt face twisted with malice. "For what?! What could I have possibly done to you? I was just a baby the last time you were around, did I spit up on you or something?" Aurelia snaps sarcastically, her wand gripped tightly in her hand and she waits for the perfect moment to strike. But, she doesn't get one as Gwendoline's finished with her dramatic monologue. The Death-Eater raises her wand quicker than a flash of lightning and squeals "Cru — CIO!" Aurelia swears she's been set on fire, she screams out in agony as every part of her body feels like it's being pierced with sharp, hot knives. "Mae — M — MUM!" She screams, digging her nails into the damp Earth, "N — n — no! St — st — STOP! AR — ARTHUR HELP! PL — PLEASE!" Gwendoline's practically beside herself with laughter as she lifts the curse. "You're pathetic! And weak, just like your mother!" Gwendoline barks, grinning like mad as she skips over to Aurelia. Her voice is raspy as she says that and Aurelia recalls hearing her earlier when talking to that German girl. It seems that Gwendoline's been watching her all night, maybe all day as well. Gwendoline pulls Aurelia to her knees and spits in her face "You — you ruined her! You — you and that — that boy!" "STUPEFY!" Aurelia screams, putting all her strength in that spell. It's not as strong as the one she was hit with but considering Aurelia's weak, in pain, and it's her first time using that spell, it does a good enough job. It shocks Gwendoline enough to let go of her and stumble backwards a bit and that's all that Aurelia needs. Aurelia pulls herself to her feet, shakily, and takes off running but she doesn't get very far as Gwendoline's quick to recover. She stumbles past the tree line, her goal's to get close enough for a Ministry worker to either see or hear her. "Help! He — help me!" Aurelia screams. Gwendoline's gaining on her and Aurelia tries to run faster but she's so weak, her legs are aching so badly. "CRUCIO!" The spell hits her square in the back and she falls to her feet screaming in agony. "HEL — HELP M — ME!" "Pathetic." Gwendoline laughs as she kicks Aurelia in the chest, "But, I do love it when the put up a fight. It makes it all the more entertaining!" Aurelia, despite feeling like she's on the verge of death, tries to crawl away from her. Gwendoline cackles at the sight, enjoying every scream that leaves the bitch's mouth. She's not going to get away this time. Neither Lucius or Bellatrix is here to save ickle Aurelia Alice Black. Gwendoline's got her now, she's finally going to get to kill the disgusting mutt. "HELP!" Gwendoline giggles "Do you actually think that someone's going to —" "Aurelia?!" It's Percy! Oh, thank Merlin! Someone heard her. "Per — per — Percy! Be — be careful, it's Goy — Goyle, she —" She's cut off by Gwendoline who kicks her in the face. Aurelia howls in pain, her nose breaks with a sickeningly loud snap and blood goes gushing down her face. She hears three sets of footsteps approaching quickly. "Aurelia?! Are you — she's over here! Bill! Charlie! I found her!" "Perdy! Be Carebul — Goyle —" "CRUCIO!" "Shit, Bill! It's Goyle! Percy, be careful — Percy, no!" Aurelia struggles to lift her head, where's Percy? Is he alright? God, it hurts! Her face is wet with her tears and blood and she's in so much pain, so — Merlin, please — God, make it stop — kill me! She wants to die; dying would be so much better than this pain — oh, God! Please, just let it end! Aurelia screams, her shaking hands tear at the wet grass as she tries to pull herself away from Gwendoline, begging: "Please, st — stop!" She's ignored. "Leave, Weasley!" Gwendoline hisses, glancing at the redheaded boy that's quickly approaching her, "Leave, I'd hate to spill blood as pure as yours even if you're a traitor, just leave —" "STUPEFY!" Percy bellows and Gwendoline gets thrown back a foot but she's quick to recover. "Alarte Ascendare!" Gwendoline calls out and Percy yelps as he's tossed in the air. Gwendoline looks annoyed as she giggles "Guess I'll have to make this quick, Little Wolfie — AVADA KEDAVRA!" A bright flash of green light blinds Aurelia and she holds her breath, closing her eyes. Oh, fuck, I'm dead! I'm dead and I'm still in pain! I can't believe God has the audacity to do this to me! Gwendoline giggles shrilly "THAT'S WHAT SHE GETS! I KILLED HER PRECIOUS WITTLE MOON!" Charlie comes bursting to the trees "Percy, are you — Oh, Merlin. Percy? Percy lets out a breathless scream "Au — Aurelia! No! No!" Charlie looks at Aurelia's stiff, bloody body "Is — is she dead?" Percy doesn't answer, launching himself at Aurelia's body, hysterically sobbing through gasps for breath. When he collides with her body, she lets out an inaudible "Oof!" The smells of burnt grass invades her nostrils. I'm alive! She realises, praise Jesus! Hallelujah! Gwendoline's curse had missed her by barely an inch, the ground right by her nose had been singed upon impact. She had almost died. Bill stumbles in Charlie "Where'd Goyle go, Charlie?! Where — Merlin, Aurelia . . . She's — She's dead?" No! She tries moving but with Percy on top of her, she can barely move a muscle. "I — I think so, Goyle ran off. She got away again." Charlie replies, sounding near tears. "Percy g'it off!" Aurelia hisses weakly, he does so without hesitation letting out a horrified scream. Aurelia tries to pull herself up but she's far too week, dark spots are dancing across her vision, she wants to go to sleep so, so badly. "Merlin! She — She's alive!" Charlie gasps. "H — h — how?" Percy splutters, looking both fearful and relieved. "I'm a witch —" She says teasingly but weakly, "— wait." Wait, that's a Muggle reference. She's not a Muggle. "Oh." She mumbles, frowning. "Percy, help her up, she's got to go to St. Mungo's! Who knows what Goyle's done to her." Charlie commands. "I don't wanna go to St. Mungo's I wanna go to sleep." Aurelia whines, pouting. "No!" Charlie roars, "Don't go to sleep and, uh — DON'T GO TOWARDS THE LIGHT!" "What light?" Aurelia questions, confused. Almost as if on cue a bright green light brightens the night sky and Charlie gasps in horror, so does Percy. "Do you mean that light?" Aurelia wonders innocently. "N — no." Bill stammers, "No, Percy take her to St. Mungo's. Once she's been checked in come right back, Charlie and I are going to find the others. Percy helps her stand and quickly realises she's far too weak to stand on her own so he picks her up. "Oh, I — I see how tis, you — you'll only pick m'up if I — beat dead." Aurelia slurs almost incoherently then promptly passes out. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Mae's searching around wildly, her left hand is burning and her body feels fuzzy. Something's wrong with Aurelia. She should've never left her alone. Elliot's tugging on her arm, apologising profusely for what he had done but her mind's elsewhere. Her daughter is in trouble, she is hurt. They wander quickly through the trees but there's no sight of her. "Mum!" Elliot cries desperately, "I am s — so sorry! I —" Mae turns to him "Don't ye — don't. Ye didn't mean to, for now, let's put this behind us, we'll handle it tomorrow. We — we need to find Aurelia." Elliot swallows thickly "Yeah — yeah, before Goyle does." Mae freezes "She — she — that bitch is here?" She knew it, Aurelia's hurt. She's in danger. "Yes, I saw her — she — I think she was looking for, Blue." "Oh, God! Oh, God! What have I done?! I —" "Auntie Mae!" Ginny's voice calls out from somewhere close by in the woods. Ginny comes running towards them, the twins following right behind her. Elliot rushes forward and hugs George. "Where is Aurelia?" Mae asks, looking at the three Weasleys. Fred and Ginny share confused looks. "Where is she?! Where is my daughter?!" Mae demands, tears stinging her eyes. "We thought, well, we thought she was with you." Fred replies nervously. "Oh, God." Mae sobs. "She could be with Ron, Hermione, and Harry." Ginny supplies. "Well, where are they?!" "We . . . Don't exactly know." "Well, that's loads of help." Mae snaps, hysterical. "I'm sure Blue's fine." George says, looking away from Elliot. At that moment, an older woman comes running through "A CHILD'S BEEN KILLED! A CHILD'S BEEN KILLED!" "That's not her." Elliot tells Mae quickly, "She doesn't mean —" Mae wails, her knees feel weak. She's dead, Aurelia's dead. Oh, she can feel it. Her daughter is dead, the one she vowed to protect is dead! Bill comes running after the woman "Ma'am it — Aunt Mae! Oh, you're all pretty well here, thank —" "Where's my daughter?!" Mae shrieks, lunging at Bill. He frowns "Percy's —" "Is she dead?! Has she really been killed?!" "No, well, not exactly." "What the bloody hell do you mean 'not exactly' what's happened?!" Mae cries, "Where is she, William?!" "She was hit with the Killing Curse." Bill says and everyone goes still. Mae's blood runs cold, her body feels even fuzzier and her left hand throbs. "But, she's alive." He says after a moment's pause, looking quite unsure of himself and the events that had just unfolded. "WHAT?!" "HOW?!" "It can't be —" "HARRY SUR —" "SHUT UP!" Mae screams over the kids' questions. They do, looking both confused and mortified. Bill continues "Goyle had ahold of her and was torturing her, Percy heard her screams and he ran off to go find Aurelia and Charlie and I followed him. Percy wasn't thinking and he run straight into a losing battle but Goyle had no interest in him and tossed him aside to kill Aurelia. Goyle hit her with the Killing Curse and Aurelia was still for a few moments but then she woke up . . . Percy's taken her to St. Mungo's —" "I —" "We have to find the others first, Aunt Mae, besides it's highly unlikely that they'll let you see her at the moment." Bill tells her, "My little brother and his friends are still out there and I need to find them, Aunt Mae, can you please take them back to our tent, I've been told that it's safe to go back now." Mae nods numbly. "Thank you, Aunt Mae, I promise I'll take you straight to Aurelia once the others have been found." She nods again. Dread fills her stomach. She had promised her that she would protect Aurelia. Mae had failed. She had worked so hard to keep Aurelia alive and safe. Their fourteen years of hard work had gone to hell in less than an hour. Her daughter could be dead for all she knows and it's all her fault.
GWEN GOYLE'S MANAGED TO ESCAPE YET AGAIN. She's been running from the Ministry of Magic 1979, she had been caught twice but she had managed to escape both times, she always escapes. That's what makes her the Dark-Lord's most valuable servant next to the Lestranges; no matter the situation, she can always escape. And she can just as easily infiltrate a place. It's the only thing she's good at doing besides serving her master. "I killed her!" Gwen squeals as she dances around the Crouch residence. "Not according to the paper you didn't!" Barty Jr. sings mockingly, "Now, hush, if my father hears your voice like that —" Gwen doesn't heed his warning, letting out a shrill shriek as she rips the Daily Prophet away from his face "What do you mean, Crouch?!" "Well, it says in the article that it was taken to St. Mungo's, badly wounded but alive. There's no word on it's exact condition but it's definitely not dead, Gwennie!" "Are you fucking —" Barty Jr. clamps a hand over her mouth "Be quiet, if my father hears you we're both screwed. You'll always have another chance at killing the dirty bitch." he assures her. Gwen bites down on his hand, a murderous look in her dark brown eyes. "I wanted it dead now!" Gwen snarls, "I've wanted it dead for fourteen bloody years and now that neither the Malfoys or Bella are around to protect it and the Ministry are —" "You'll have plenty of time to play with it when Voldemort's back in power. Until then, you'll have Black on edge, it'll be constantly watching over their shoulder, always wondering when or if you're going to strike next." Barty Jr. says, smiling crazily at the raven-haired woman. She returns the grin, enjoying the idea of the fear she'll be putting the brat in "That sounds lovely, Barty, oh! You should have heard how the pathetic bitch screamed, she's as weak as Bella." Gwen recalls, her eyes going wide with excitement. Barty frowns "Bella wasn't weak! She was powerful, amazing! Need I remind you she took out Joseph MacDonald without help! She — She's wickedly talented and —" "SHE ONLY DID IT FOR THAT THING!" Keep quiet, Gwennie!" Barty Jr. hisses. "Make me, besides, when I got here your father wasn't even around." Gwen scoffs, eyes flashing dangerously in the younger man's direction. "Look, I know you're angry at Bella but Black was her family after all, sure she was a tad too protective over it but whatever the reason, Bellatrix still took out one of the major threats to our cause at the time. Her protectiveness will change once she knows what a filthy blood-traitor it has turned into. Bella'll help you put it into a grave." Behind the insanity in Gwen's eyes there's a glimmer of hope as she smiles widely. Too widely to be natural, she lets out a low chuckle "Yeah . . . Yeah, it'll be like the good ole days . . . Bella and I used to have so much fun . . . But, I'll have much more fun watching the light leave Little Wolfie's eyes." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP pg. 2 continued . . . ◤ ◥ Gwendoline Goyle, contained in Ministry hold 1977 ◣ ◢ — Among the chaos, wanted Death-Eater, Gwendoline Goyle (pictured above) was spotted. How she managed to slip past the security is unknown, she was only only spotted after the initial attack on the Muggles. Unlike her other fellow Death-Eaters, Goyle was not involved with the Muggle attacks, instead she was found torturing, Aurelia Malfoy, who now resides at St. Mungo's with no word on her current condition. Aurelia Malfoy, a fourteen-year-old Hogwarts student, attending the Quidditch World Cup was tortured for half-hour by Gwendoline Goyle before Ministry Workers were able to intervene. She was unconscious when she was brought to St. Mungo's; an eye-witness to the attack said they saw Goyle hit Malfoy with the Killing Curse. As strange as that sounds could it be possible that someone else has survived the Killing Curse or was it just another rumour birthed from the terror at the Quidditch World Cup? — Mae snorts, tossing the Daily Prophet onto the bedside table. Rita Skeeter is still so full of it, what a bitch! While waiting for Aurelia to wake, Mae keeps her eyes out for a beetle. No doubt Rita's desperate to hear about what really happened to Aurelia. It's almost three days since the attack, Aurelia had slept through them mostly, waking up for a few minutes here and there, sometimes saying some nonesense, sometimes she just stared at the ceiling. Neville has visited four times, twice yesterday; he had cried every time. Aurelia had woken up once when he had been there. She spoken during the two minutes she had been awake, telling Neville and Mae quotes: "Your teeth make you look like a bunny, a soft bunny . . . You'd be such a fluffy bunny . . . Don't worry you're still pretty to me, Plant Boy." Then Aurelia had tried to smile at him but it looked more like a grimace, seconds later she fell asleep. Luckily for her, he didn't take offense to the comment, it had made him more worried than anything. Mae reaches for her cup of tea only to realise that it's empty, she frowns then gently pats Aurelia's knee "I'm gonna go grab another cup o' tea. I'll be right back, wee moon." Aurelia lets out a quiet groan but doesn't stir nor open her eyes. Mae glances around the Janus Thickey Ward to make sure Alice Longbottom is nowhere in sight before she leaves. Shortly after Aurelia had arrived in the ward, Alice had taken up the habit of wandering over to her bedside and just staring at her until a Healer comes to usher her away. Mae can't seem to see her, assuming Alice must be preoccupied with a puzzle, she leaves the ward. From across the ward, Alice Longbottom sits in front of a small table watching Aurelia intently instead of working on her puzzle. Now that the redheaded woman — May-Ella or Mae? Alice doesn't recall what her name really is but she knows that woman. How? She's not exactly sure about that. But she knows her. She does know her. She's sure of it. And Alice knows the girl lying in the bed, she looks a little different than Alice can recall but Alice knows her, she think she's friends with her. Or was. She's not sure but she feels both and happy and wary to see her. Bella? Or was it Andy? She can't exactly recall her name either but Alice knows this girl for certain and she wants to know how. Alice recalls that the girl either did something bad or something bad happened to her, Alice can't recall what exactly the 'bad thing' was but she knows that something happened. She can't remember but she wants to, she wants to know how and why, she wants to know what the 'why' is. Alice wants to know who this girl is. Bella or Andy, whoever the person is, she wants to know. Alice recalls that they're friends or maybe they once were but that's all she can recall properly. There's something else but she can't remember what it is, it's all far too blurry. Alice tries very hard to remember but it always comes back to friends and pain. She stumbles over to the girl's bed and sit down on the edge, Alice stares intently at the girl, waiting impatiently for her to wake up. Why is she always sleeping? I know her. I know her. I know her. How? Why can't I remember? I know her. I know her. Friend? Maybe? Yes? Enemy? Can't remember. Can't — Alice is frustrated, why can't she remember? She's trying so hard. How can she not remember. She should remember more than pretty laughter and then scary laughter. Her memory should be better than this, Alice's pretty sure she is an Auror or was an Auror. She can't exactly remember that either. It's so blurry. She wants this girl to wake up because if anyone has answers, it's got to be her. Wake up. Wake up. Someone touches her shoulder and she grows tense, if it's someone who wants her to leave this girl alone again she'll scream. She doesn't want to leave because she might forget, she forgets a lot but she can never remember what exactly she's forgotten, Alice just has that feeling that she's forgetting something important. It's frustrating. "Mum." Alice relaxes, it's that rounded-face boy that always seems to be around. He always says his name's Neville, like the name she gave her son — her baby boy. Neville's just a little baby. This Neville had to be about fifteen, he's nice and she likes him better than the others around her. She hopes her son grows up to be nice like him. My son. My sweet boy. Wait — where is my son? Where did he — "Mum, why don't we go sit on your bed?" Neville suggests. She looks at Neville. No. No. No. She doesn't want to go to her bed, she wants answers. Alice turns back to Aurelia. I know her. I know her. I know her. She leans closer. Wake up. Wake up! Wake up! WAKE UP! "Mum?" WAKE UP! WAKE UP! WAKE UP! Alice turns back to Neville. WAKE HER UP! She screams frustrated but he doesn't react, doesn't even flinch; he just stares at her with a concerned expression. WAKE HER UP! WAKE HER UP!" Aurelia wakes with a start, someone's screaming. Why are they screaming? Her eyes land on Alice. She realises she's in St. Mungo's and Neville's mum is staring right at her. Oh, fuck. "I know you." A female voice says, soft but also annoyed. Aurelia looks around the ward, her eyes glancing over Neville, not even realising he's even there. No one else could have said that to her, she realises, her eyes landing back on Alice. Oh, double fuck. Alice leans closer, staring at her intensely. I KNOW YOU! Aurelia flinches, she can hear what Alice is thinking. It's more shocking that Alice's thoughts are coherent than the fact Aurelia can hear them even though she's seriously lacking in her Legilimency skills. Aurelia's a natural-born Legilimens, not a good one because she's never been trained in that field before. The gift is there, something she had learned when she was a young child, if she stares long enough at someone or there thoughts are really loud, she can hear their thoughts quite well. The gift came from her mother's side, her mum being an incredibly talented Occlumens as well as an Legilimens. Grandma Druella and Grandpa Cygnus had drilled the skills in her mum and aunt's mind from a young age like their parents did to them and so on an so forth. Legilimency and Occlumency had been a very well taught and important skill to the Black family for multiple generations now. Her mum had decided not to force the skill onto Aurelia and Draco because, and Aurelia can only theorise this, of the way her parents had forced it onto her. Aurelia's never paid much attention to this gift, she always brushes it off as someone speaking even though she usually has to be looking a person straight in the eye to hear their thoughts, she'll tell herself she just didn't see their mouth open no matter how obvious it had been that they were thinking it. It's been years since she's heard thoughts so loud and obvious, it scares her. "Nev — Neville get a Healer." Aurelia whimpers, not daring to take her eyes off Alice, afraid that she'll lose the connection. It's then that Neville realises she's awake, he sighs relieved and bit surprised "You're awake!" WHY ARE YOU IGNORING ME! Alice yells, growing even more frustrated, there's no way the girl can't hear her, she's screaming at her. "Get a heal — Healer please." Aurelia says desperately. Neville gives her a look of concern but nods his head and turns on his heel to go fetch a Healer. "Can . . . Can you understand me?" Aurelia asks, she wishes she an enter Alice's mind and push her thoughts into Alice's mind but she's not skilled enough to do that. Alice's eyebrows scrunch together ever so slight and if Aurelia hadn't been staring at her so intently she would've missed it. Of course, I can understand you! Do you think I'm dumb or something? The offended tone of her voice doesn't match the practically blank look on her face. Who are you? You're Bella, right? Or is it Andy? You're my . . . Friend, right? Or you were once . . . But — but, then you did something bad . . . Or something bad happened to you — who are you? "I — I'm neither of those people, I'm their niece . . . Aurelia. . . Bellatrix did something bad to you . . . She's not your friend, I'm not sure about my other aunt —" Alice tilts her head No . . . No . . . Did she . . . She wouldn't . . . She couldn't . . . Why can't I remember? Are you sure she did something bad to me — my son! My baby! Did she hurt my son? His name is — is Neville, like that boy over there. Aurelia's eyes widen in surprise and she sit up in bed, a bolt of pain runs up her spine but she ignores it. "You remember your son? That — ouch, fuck! — that boy, that's your son!" Alice leans back, her eyes widening slightly but still, it looks rather blank and doesn't match the tone of her thoughts. Don't be ridiculous, my son is just a wee thing, only a year old! Did she hurt him? "No . . . Bellatrix didn't hurt Neville . . . He's not one anymore, Alice . . . It's not nineteen eighty-one anymore." What do you mean it's not nineteen bloody eighty-one?! Of course, it's nineteen eighty-one, what year do you think it is, kid?! "Nineteen ninety-four?" Aurelia says slowly, does she actually think it's nineteen eighty-one? Alice laughs, you're crazy, kid! "It's nineteen-ninety-four, Neville's fourteen, he just turned it on July, thirtieth, and he spent it here with you and your husband, Frank! Your son is right over there!" No . . . No . . . That can't be . . . It can't be . . . "Think about it . . . He calls you mum." Aurelia says softly. Alice thinks hard, has he? She's never really paid attention to what Neville calls her when he's around. Neville can't be fourteen, she'd remember him growing up, thank you very much, kid! She's only been in this place for a day maybe even less . . . Hasn't she? Alice thinks very hard but everything's so blurry, why is it so blurry? An image of baby Neville flashes in Aurelia's mind, he's smiling and then he's replaced by Frank, then her aunt but she can't tell which one because the image is gone too fast and replaced by Gwendoline Goyle sneering then blood, so much blood, Frank's limp body, and then nothing. Alice goes quiet, her face getting paler. From the corner of her eye, Aurelia sees Neville returning with a young, female healer. Aurelia chews on her lower lip in a nervous manner, reaching out a shaky hand but decides against touching her at the last moment. "Alice . . . Are you —" Much to Neville's surprise, his mum's head snapped up. I KNOW YOU! I KNOW YOU! I KNOW YOU! Aurelia flinches at the woman's loud thoughts. "No . . . You don't, my name is Aurelia, I —" An image of Aunt Bellatrix or Aunt Andromeda flashes in Aurelia's mind but it's gone before she can distinguish which one. Aurelia's not sure if it's her lacking Legilimency skills or Alice can't maintain pictures in her own head, which is why the pictures disappear so quickly. You're Bella . . . Yes, or Andy? I can never seem to remember what one is your name, it's either one of the two — The Healer Neville had fetched places her hands on Alice's shoulder and gently nudges her "Come along, Alice, I believe you have a puzzle to finish." NO. NO. NO. NO! NO! NO! Alice is shouting angrily, unaware that it's all in her head. "It's fine." Aurelia says quickly, "She's not harming anyone, she can stay here until she wants to go back to — to that puzzle." The Healer hesitates but eventually lets Alice be turning her attention to Aurelia "Very well, very well. How are you today, Aurelia, are you in any pain? Any headaches, nausea?" Aurelia shakes her head "No, not really . . . But, I am rather hungry." "Of course, of course! I'll go and fetch you a plate of food right now!" The Healer says with a nodding, hurrying out of the ward. Alice's thoughts are growing louder and more frustrated, they were getting harder to ignore. Aurelia tenses, glancing at Neville who's staring at her with an emotional expression. She wants to tell him, she should tell him but she's afraid that he won't believe her and get upset at her or even angry at her for even saying such a thing. Neville kneels down by her side, he looks like he's about to cry "Ari —" She swallows thickly "Nev, can I — can I tell you something? And can you promise not to get mad at me?" Neville nods, he's a bit confused as to what she could possibly want to tell him but relieved that she's no longer saying weird things. Neville's been beside himself with worry since he had heard what had happened to Aurelia. He had been so afraid that she'd end up like his parents, he had grown up hearing how ruthless Gwendoline Goyle was alongside the Lestranges from his godmother. Hearing that Aurelia had been attacked, possibly killed, by her had been the most terrifying thing Neville had ever been through. Aurelia opens her mouth to speak but she's cut off by his mum who let's out a frustrated, raspy groan. His eyes widen in surprise, his mum's never made a sound this loud before. Aurelia clamps her shaking hands over her ears, mumbling: "Please stop screaming, I can hear you just fine." "Ari, no one's screaming." "Yes — I, uh —" Aurelia stammers, glancing at his mum. Neville glances at his mum as well, to his surprise she actually looks annoyed. His mum usually has a blank look on her face, occasionally paired with an absentminded smile. Alice's eyebrows twitch upward as she stares intently at Aurelia. "Yes, I can hear you! I am most certainly not deaf!" Aurelia mutters. Neville is so confused but he's also excited in a weird way. He can't exactly explain why he's excited but he feels all tingly as he looks between Aurelia and his mum, something's going on. Something good, something big. "Who — who are you talking to, Ari?" Neville asks but he thinks he knows the answer or at least he hopes it'll be her answer. Once again, Aurelia swallows thickly and says: "Please don't be mad at me." "No, never." He assures her. "I — I know it sounds weird, hell, believe me it feels weird but I can hear her — your mum's thoughts. I'm sort of an Legilimens, my mum is and her gift was passed down to me, somewhat, I've got a natural talent for it and I'd be a lot better but I never really took to the lessons. My family's been studying — not — not the point, sorry. . . I've always been able to hear people's thoughts, not all the time and I'm not great at it but it's always been there and I — I can hear your mum's thoughts." Aurelia rambles nervously. "You can?" Neville asks giddily. He believes her wholeheartedly, Aurelia would never make something like that up and with his mum's strange behaviour, it makes sense. She nods. "What's she thinking?" Neville asks, his hazel eyes wide with excitement. "Well, right now she's thinking that I'm a bit daft — hey, am not!" Neville looks at his mum to notice the corner of her lip twitch as though she's holding back a smirk. "I'm not daft, Alice, thank ye very much! I just got a lot on my mind at the moment, for example: your extremely loud thoughts!" "Gran used to bring in lots of Legilimens to see if they could find anything in my parents' heads but none of them ever found anything more than a few images that usually went away within seconds and never returned. Do — do you think this means that they — they're coming around — coming back to us?" Aurelia frowns, shrugging "I — I don't know, Nev — Neville, I don't know what's going on, I —" She's scared, she's confused, and she's feeling extremely guilty. Not to mention, she's got a bloody migraine. "I'm not sure how to explain it but deep inside your mum's mind her memories are there, some of them at least but they're trapped." "Trapped?" "They're . . . Being withheld possibly, the damage done to her by the curse probably keeps her from remembering. I — I think I might have triggered some of her memories. She thought I was my aunts and then she thought it was nineteen eighty-one —" "Why would she think that?" Aurelia shrugs. Neville bites his lip, his giddiness turning into nervousness as he mulls a question over in his head. Should he ask it? Does he really want to know the answer? "What about me?!" He blurts out, eyes glossy and face pale. "Th — that . . . Well, uh, she remembers she has a son named Neville but she . . . Well, she doesn't think that you're Neville, she still thinks you're a baby, she thinks it's nineteen eighty-one, she's got no recollection of what Bellatrix did to them." Them? Alice echoes. Aurelia turns to Alice "Frank, they got him too. I'm — I — I'm so sorry, Alice, please forgive me." Aurelia pleads, tears threatening to spill. Frank . . . Frank . . . He's my husband . . . My love, my Frank. "Yes, Alice, he is. He's here too, at the back somewhere probably drawing —" He likes to draw, my Frank, he draws all the time. "Yes, yes. Neville tells me that he likes to draw, Neville . . . Your son." Aurelia says softly. Neville looks between the two of them with teary eyes, his mum remembers him, somewhat, at least. And that's more than enough for him. "Mum?" Neville whispers, voice cracking, "Mum, it's me . . . It's Neville." No, Alice whimpers, no, you — you can't be! My Neville is only a babe, just a — just a wee little thing that can hardly walk! I would — no, not my Neville, wrong, I would remember my Neville growing up! Alice turns to look away from the two teens when a shimmer of gold catches her eye. It's the necklace that hangs around Aurelia's neck, a small crescent moon with a star hanging from its' top tip. Her eyes widen and memories that she can hardly remember come at her fast, so fast and so blurry. It gives Alice a headache, she wants it to stop, her mouth opens up in a silent scream. Moon. Daughter. Daughter. Lupin. Greyback. Bella. Help. No. Save her. Save her. Why. Why. Anything for her. For them. Help. Gwen. No. Not Neville. Moon. No. No. Aurelia's face crumbles as a wave of Alice's emotions hit her like a tidal wave, sadness and confusion, it's all too much for Aurelia. She's never felt feelings from thoughts before, her mum had described it as being over overwhelming and she hadn't been kidding. She sobs, pulling her knees to her chest just to get away from Alice, she wants Alice to go away and then suddenly, she feels and hears nothing more from Alice, who's now staring at the floor. "Ari, what — what's wrong? Are you in pain? Do you want me to get another healer?" Neville questions, concerned for her — why is she crying? Could it be something mum thought? Aurelia takes a deep breath,trying to remember what her mum told her about keeping others' thoughts out of her head, she doesn't want to hear Alice's thoughts for a long time. Neville grabs her hand, brushing his thumb gently over the top of her palm "Ari?" She blinks, covering her necklace with her other hand as for some reason it had triggered a very surprising reaction from Alice. A reaction she hopes to never be witness to again. Before she can say anything, Mae returns with a cup of steaming tea. Mae's green eyes widen when she sees that Aurelia's awake "Oh, wee moon, thank goodness yer awake! I was startin' to get nervous there! —" She spots Alice sitting on Aurelia's bedside and bites back an exasperated sigh but Augusta, arriving just behind her, sighs loud enough for the both of them. "Alice, dear, stay way from —" Mae gives Augusta a nasty look and the older woman clears her throat. "Alice, dear, don't you have a puzzle that needs completing?" Augusta questions Alice in a soft voice, grabbing her daughter-in-law's elbow in an attempt to lead her away. This time Alice complies, her expression is completely blank and her mind is quiet. Aurelia's not sure if it's because she's hopefully lost connection with the woman or if it's due to the fact there's simply nothing on the woman's mind. "Wee moon, are ye alright? Yer cryin', are ye in pain?" Mae questions worriedly, gently pushing Neville out of the way so that she could sit next to Aurelia. Aurelia glances at Neville, they stare at each other and it seems like Neville's trying to communicate something to her but she doesn't hear anything, she's keeping her mind blank so that she doesn't hear anyone's thoughts. Just like her mum told her to do all those years ago. "I — I'm confused, what hap — happened to me? Where — is Percy alright? Goyle, she — I —" Aurelia stammers tearfully. Mae brushes Aurelia's damp curls from her bruised, pale face. "Gwendoline Goyle attacked ye, she — oh, Merlin! My sweet moon, I'm s — so sorry, I — I should've never left ye own yer own, plea — please forgive me!" Mae whimpers. Aurelia frowns, if it's anyone's fault it's her own. For someone who spends most of the school year either practicing spells or creating her own, it had been pretty pathetic of her to not be able to think of at least three good spells to protect herself. She had only thought of the Stunning Spell because Gwendoline had used it on her. She shakes her head quickly "No, mum, it's not your fault." Aurelia freezes, realising she had just called Mae 'mum' Aurelia doesn't call Mae that, not to her face. When she had the first and last time, Mae had cried and so Aurelia came to the conclusion didn't want to be her mum. So, Aurelia just refers to Mae as her mum to her friends and Elliot. Mae strokes her cheek lovingly "I could've lost ye forever, I thought ye were dead." "I'm a bad witch, you can't kill me." Aurelia laughs weakly. "You . . . Ye were hit by the Killing Curse, it —" Aurelia blinks, she remembers that vividly the bright green light that had just missed her, "No . . . Goyle missed me by an inch, I thought I was dead for — for a moment." she whispers, blue eyes wide with fear. "Oh." Mae breathes, looking relieved beyond belief as a smile dances across her red-tainted lips Aurelia studies her, she doesn't look too good, her thick red curls are dishevelled, her eyeliner smeared, and bright red lipstick smeared — holy titty fuck! Her scars. She covers the right side of her face but she realises that if they had been showing Neville would've said something by now like "Oh, those are ugly!" or "Bloody hell, I did't realise I'm friends with the Phantom of the fucking Opera!". Okay, Neville wouldn't say that, he's never read the Phantom of the Opera or listened to the musical — the superior version — so he wouldn't compare her to that. The former is more along the lines of something he would, so it's safe to say that her scars are hidden. Aurelia looks over to see that Neville has his back turned to them, more than likely to give Mae and herself some privacy. "When can I leave?" Aurelia asks Mae, earning a watery laugh from the redhead. "Dependin' what the Healers say about your health you may be out by this evenin' or maybe tomorrow mornin'." Mae answers, kissing Aurelia's forehead. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ After some tests the Healers decide to keep Aurelia there for two more days, much to her dismay. Neville visits both those days, bringing sunflowers one day and the next day red and yellow Heather flowers because he thought those might be her new favourite flowers. He had presented them with a proud smile "They took forever to find in these colours! You're always talking about how you love the red and yellow Heathers so I wanted to surprise you with these instead of sunflowers!" Aurelia had wheezed so hard Neville had jumped in surprise, almost dropping the flowers. He had thought she meant flowers — she didn't even know there were flowers called 'Heather' — how pure can someone be? "That's a Muggle movie I was referring to!" She had laughed loudly, her heart beating rapidly in her chest as she realised he actually listened to her ramblings. "Oh." He had said sadly, his proud smile turning into a flustered frown. "Oh, no, no, no! I love them, Neville! I really do! They're beautiful! I did — I didn't know there were flowers called 'Heather'! Thank you." She had reassured him, laughing and wheezing uncontrollably. Then, Neville had asked about his mum. She had encountered Alice five more times after that but no new information had come about. She'd tell Aurelia that she knew her, Aurelia would tell her she didn't, Alice would refuse to believe that it wasn't nineteen eighty-one anymore, and then she'd think to hard and pause for a moment and then start all over again. It's like a loop, not exactly the same every time it repeated but it always repeated. Aurelia's come to the conclusion that Alice has trouble retaining her thoughts and memories. She could be wrong as she's not a professional but it's something she can use to make a theory. She now knows where to start when it comes to helping the Longbottoms. "Should we tell someone?" Aurelia wonders, after telling Neville more about his mum's behaviour. Neville thinks for a moment, he notices she's shivering so he tugs off his Gryffindor jumper and hands it to her. "I don't think they'll believe us." He replies, stifling a laugh as Aurelia's head gets caught in the arm of his jumper. Aurelia mulls his answer over in her head as she struggles to get her head through the right hole. He's got a point, they're just kids. If trained professionals couldn't find anything what makes anyone think that a highly untrained fourteen-year-old girl could. Most healers had given up on the Longbottoms. They had been written off a lost cause, Healers think that they're too far gone and perhaps at times that's true but there's still hope. Alice and Frank aren't completely gone, they're just trapped. Lost in their minds, almost in a dreamlike state, like Alice in Wonderland, or that Muggle condition they call a 'coma'. Aurelia's not sure how to explain it but Alice and Frank are still there in some ways and she's determined to bring them back. Which may come as a difficult task to her considering she can't even put on a jumper properly. Neville chuckles and helps her put the red and gold jumper on the correct way after she fails to do so three times. Aurelia sighs exasperated with herself "I'm gonna find a way to work on my Legilimency skills this year, m'kay? Then I'll come back in the summer to see if I can contact her again and if I can we'll tell someone then . . . Does that sound like a plan?" Aurelia wonders, pulling her pink curls into a half-assed ponytail. Neville nods, smiling brightly. The fact that Aurelia's trying to help his parents makes him feel all more and fuzzy. It's not just the fact that he thinks the world of Aurelia that makes him believe that she's going to be the one who helps his parents getter better. Neville knows that if anyone can make even the slightest difference in his parents' lives it's going to be Aurelia. He appreciates her efforts more than his words can ever express. It's been so long since someone's actually tried to do something with his parents, his grandmother had give up years ago not because she wanted to but because it hurt her too much to watch all her attempts fail every time. His godmother never bothered with his parents, she had been the first to tell him they were a lost cause even though it had made him cry. Aurelia grins back at him, taking his warm hands into her cold ones, I'd do anything for you. Ever since she had found out what happened to the Longbottoms, Aurelia's always had a burning desire to help them. The Longbottoms were one of the reasons Aurelia had decided to start creating her own spells. Now, years after creating spells, she's got the experience and a theory that might help create a spell that help the Longbottoms. She's going to get Neville's parents back. Aurelia squeezes Neville's hands, I promise you, I'll bring them back to you.
AURELIA IS GLAD TO BE HOME. SHE'S glad to be in her own room, glad to be away from the white walls of the Janus Thickey Ward. She's so glad to be free from St. Mungo's. She's been home for almost two weeks now, most of her time is spent researching what could be wrong with Alice and Frank Longbottom, outside the brutal effects of the Cruciatus Curse, that is. And besides that day when Elliot, Mae, and Aurelia had went dress shopping — Elliot had actually tried on a dress and he had actually looked good in it — and that day Mae took her to the mainland to buy some Muggle textbooks about how the brain works from that Muggle bookstore in Fionnphort, Aurelia's hulled herself up in her room. She's done nothing but study those books, take notes, and listen to Abba. Take right now for example: Aurelia's jotting down some notes about how the cerebellum is the part of the brain that plays a major role in balance, motor control, emotional functions, attention, and language while Slipping Through my Fingers plays softly on her gramophone. She's so engrossed in her research that not even the smell of chocolate chip cookies distracts her. Every once in awhile, she'll stop taking notes to replay Slipping Through my Fingers. It's her favourite Abba song, it reminds her a faint memory of she can't quite remember as well as her other memories but she remembers this song, the feeling of being loved wholeheartedly, being protected. She felt safe, she felt loved like she's never been before in her whole life. Aurelia turns another page of her new writing book and scribbles down some more notes, someone knocks on her door and she mumbles: "Come in." not even bothering to take her eyes off her work. Mae slips into her room "Are ye alright, dear? I made cookies and ye didn't come runnin' down the stairs, is somethin' the matter?" she says, laughing lightly. "M'busy." Aurelia mumbles. "How can one be too busy for cookies?" Mae teases, skipping over to Aurelia. Mae pouts "Yer leavin' for school tomorrow, wee moon, are ye really going to stay in your room all night?" Aurelia pauses and shakes her head "No, not all night." "Ye know, ye can bring that downstairs and hang out with Ellie and I . . . Instead of locking yourself in yer room." Mae says. Aurelia places her pen down, maybe she should take a break. After all, she won't see Mae until next June. "Okay, okay!" Aurelia says, grinning as she looks down at Mae. Mae grins right back. "First, I want to show ye somethin'!" Mae tells Aurelia, her grin turning from playful to mischievous as she tugs on the lilac-haired teen's arm. Aurelia allows herself to be dragged out of her room, Mae giggles giddily as she brings her up to her bedroom on the fourth floor of the castle. Before entering the bedroom, Mae covers Aurelia's eyes. "Ye know how ye wanted a dress with flowers on it but we couldn't find any?" Mae questions. Aurelia nods, trying to pry Mae's hands from her eyes but the redhead scolds her. "Nooo, wee moon, it's a surprise!" Aurelia sighs, letting her hands fall to her sides. Mae giggles, practically jumping up and down as she leads Aurelia into her room. She removes her hands, allowing Aurelia to see once more. "Well, wee moon, what do ye think?" Mae asks, looking expectantly at Aurelia. Aurelia looks at the dress in front of her in awe. When they had went dress shopping it hadn't taken long for Aurelia to find the almost perfect dress that might have been a little too fancy for the Yule Ball. It had almost been perfect when they had bought it, Mae had made it perfect. The yellow ball gown's placed upon a mannequin. When it had been purchased the entire dress had been a yellow colour and sleeveless but now top half is a silky white decorated in white fabric flowers. It now has semi-transparent sleeves, some of the white flowers have been placed on the skirt of the dress in a sparse pattern, decorating it like the frost decorates the grass in the early morning. "Well, dear?" Mae asks as she places a hand on Aurelia's shoulder, "Do ye like it?" Aurelia nods vigorously "Aye, Aye I do, mum — Mae, I love it!" Mae smiles brightly "Would ye mind tryin' it on for a wee bit? I want to make sure I didn't completely ruin the neckline by addin' the sleeves." Once again, Aurelia nods vigorously. "Wonderful! I'll help ye put it on it. It's a bit difficult to put it on all by yourself but ye can just ask one of yer friends for help when the time comes." Mae explains, removing the dress from the mannequin. Aurelia nods, pulling her jumper off then her tank top that had been underneath it, she glances around Mae's room. She hadn't spent a lot of time on the fourth floor of the castle in the years she's been at Almerry Castle much less the redhead's room. Mae's room is rather large though not as large as her own. The purple-gray walls of the room are covered in paintings and drawing of her aunts, mum, herself, and Elliot. It's cluttered with art supplies and scraps of fabric. Mae's room is a lot more cluttered than she expects it to be considering how clean the rest of the castle is. "It might be easier to get in the dress if you take off your jeans off. The fabric of the dress might catch on your jeans." Mae suggests, undoing the lace on the back of the dress. Aurelia undos then kicks off her pants without a second thought, her eyes still scanning the room. Mae helps her into the dress and begins to lace it up, wondering: "How does it feel?" "Good." Aurelia mumbles in reply, "Can ye tie it a wee bit tighter?" "O' course." Aurelia looks over at the fireplace, the flames are cackling loudly and above it rests a large mantle covered in moving pictures. One in particular catches her eye. "Is that alright?" Mae asks. Aurelia nods, blue eyes focused on a picture of her aunt. She walks over to it and grabs it off the mantle. Oh, Merlin . . . What if Seamus is right? What if all the rumours are true? "Wee moon?" The pictures is of her Aunt Bellatrix and her little baby self, Aurelia couldn't have been more than two months old when this photo had been taken. It was definitely her, the little tuft of gold, shimmery hair on the baby's head is unmistakably her's. Her aunt is cradling her in her arms, she glares at the camera for a moment then Aurelia's baby self gives a little yawn or a little cry and Bellatrix's glare turns into a look of pure adoration as she looks down at the baby in her arms. Aurelia's heart aches with every replay of the photo, even her own mother didn't look at her like this. Mae stands on her tiptoes to see what Aurelia's looking at, her giddy expression falls when she sees it. "Your father took that photo." Mae recalls, "Practically dove to get the camera. . . It was the first time your parents had seen Trix smile in years, also one of the few times she had cried, he had to get that on camera. He never let her live that one down." "Why?" Aurelia asks hoarsely. Mae blinks "Well, they were always at —" "No, I mean why is she lookin' at me like that? Even me own mother never looked at me like that! Is — Is she me mother?!" Mae frowns but scoffs "Where on Earth did ye get an idea like that?!" "I look so — so much like her, I remember her so viv — vividly, I — I —" Maeve places a warm hand on her shoulder "You are not her child." There's something off about Maeve's voice when she says that. Aurelia turns on her with narrowed eyes "Don't lie to me, Mae! Just tell me, am —" "Is tusa. Tha mi duilich." Mae speaks in Gaelic, smiling sadly at Aurelia before adding in English: "Don't you tust me, wee moon?" Aurelia's doesn't speak Gaelic, not fluently at least, and she's got no idea what Maeve had just said but she nods. She trusts Mae, she trusts her with her life. Mae cups Aurelia's face with her warm hands "Trix just really loved you . . . And, Draco. It's nothing more than that my Donum Vitae." Donum Vitae means 'the Gift of Life' in Latin and it's one of the pet names Mae calls her. Though, Mae usually saves it for special occasions. Aurelia doesn't understand this nickname, she gets 'little moon' because Aurelia used to be obsessed with moons and stars before that happened but, Donum Vitae is lost to her. "Why do you call me that?" Aurelia asks, lowering the photograph and allowing Mae to take it. "Why wouldn't I?" Mae counters, smiling brightly. "I'm not a gift of life, mum — Mae." Aurelia retorts, accidentally calling Mae 'mum' again. She's been doing that a lot since the attack at the Quidditch World Cup. "Ye are, wee moon." Mae insists, "My special Donum Vitae . . . Ye are so special to me, Aurelia Alice, don't ye ever think otherwise. Ye and Ellie are the best things in my life, I don't know what I'd do without the two of yous." Aurelia smiles softly "I get Ellie . . . But, me?" "Both of you." Mae says as she strokes Aurelia's cheek, "Ye are my love, my life." "Did you just. . . ?" Mae merely winks at her as she helps Aurelia out of the dress. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The morning of September first is more chaotic than the previous two she had spent with the Macleod and Burke. Mostly because Elliot had 'impaled' himself with his eyeliner pencil and he had screamed bloody murder about it for five minutes like the dramatic bitch that he is. "Pancakes good?" Mae queries. Aurelia nods, reaching for another pancake. In the distance, Aurelia can hear Elliot cursing out his eyeliner pencil, yet again. "Are ye excited to be goin' back to Hogwarts?" Mae wonders, placing more pancake batter on the grill. Minus the Triwizard Tournament and the fact that a lot of people will be asking if she actually survived the Killing Curse or not, thanks to Rita Skeeter — "Yeah." Mae grins and Aurelia returns it. While she's excited for the Yule Ball and going with Neville — or Hermione as either one of them makes her giddy, she can't tell with whom she'd rather go with. Her life's a mess, she knows. She much rather do without the rest of the Triwizard Tournament, because the tasks are never good and never easy and she still can't believe that Albus fucking Dumbledore thought it'd be a great idea to bring it to Hogwarts. Aurelia excuses herself from the kitchen to go and get dressed. She's already got her outfit planned out, a red cropped shirt and a pair of grey, slim-fitting jeans. Then, of course, she's got to put her make up on to hide her scars, Aurelia's got to put on a bit more than usual to hide the long and very deep scars on her stomach because of the top that she picked out. The werewolf had struck her twice, once across the face and then once across her chest and stomach. The latter of the injuries had been the worst and it had almost killed her but luckily, Mae had been able to heal her with some Muggle remedies. In between the two strikes, Aurelia had managed to punch her snout, which made the werewolf angry and the second strike had been the worst. Aurelia decides she's got to tell her friends some time this year about the whole werewolf thing, she's getting rather tired of applying this make-up every single day. They'll probably think she's ugly but she thinks most of her friends — by now, at least — like her for her fantastic sense of humour more than her looks. So, they might not leave her like the others did. And, Neville . . . Well, she highly doubts that he finds her attractive as it is now, just imagine what he'll think when he sees the scars. She shudders at the thought, don't think about that now, she pulls off her pyjamas and starts putting on her clothes. Aurelia smears the make-up across the scars on her stomach, the pale alabaster of the make-up turns to a pale peach colour, matching the colour of her skin. She cringes at the cool, moist feeling of it against her skin; she hates it but it's the best gift she's ever received. Aurelia looks at the three scars on her face. The longest of them starts at her hairline and stops just at the tip of her nose, the top scar starts at the outer corner of her eye and stops at the bridge of her nose, and the bottom scar starts on the top of her cheekbone and stops on her lower lip. She hates them. She hates herself. Why did she have to run away that night, her dad hadn't meant to hurt her. He had apologised so why had she thought it would be a good idea to run from her home? She had been so stupid, so terribly stupid. "You're a fucking twat." She tells her reflection. Aurelia tugs on her jeans and then her shirt, she turns back around to look her in the mirror and observe her appearance and make sure she's covered all the scars on her stomach. She makes the reckless decision not to cover the scars on her face, she'll just use her Metamorphmagus abilities to hide them. A decision, she feels deep down, she's going to regret. Her outfit, as Olivia would say, is the the bomb dot com. Satisfied with her appearance, Aurelia grabs her leather jacket and heads downstairs. When she enters the kitchen, Elliot's stuffing his face with pancakes. Aurelia's certain he can out eat Ron. Elliot pauses, a forkful of pancakes inches from his open mouth as he scrutinises her appearance. She realises they're dressed similarly and she sighs knowing what Elliot's going to do next. He glances down at his cropped green shirt with grey stripes on the sleeves and black high-waisted, slim-fitting jeans. Elliot gives Aurelia a condescending 'Hmmm." She rolls her brown eyes. "One of us is going to have to change and it ain't going to be me!" Elliot sings-songs. Aurelia flips him off then reaches up to grab a travelling mug from the cupboards. "Hey! You have the, uh —" He says, waving his arm about as he tries to think of the word for it, "— birthmark as mum!" He's referring to the reddish-brown, sort of cat-faced shape on her stomach. "I do . . . ?" She asks, giving him a weird look because how the fuck can I have the same birthmark as Mae? She turns her head to look at Mae "I do?" Mae nods, smiling softly though her body looks tense "Aye, ye do. But, mine's darker and the points are a wee bit —" "The ears . . . It's a . . . A cat." Aurelia cuts her off, smiling sheepishly as she points at her birthmark which is partially hidden by her waistline. Mae tilts her head, her smile growing wider "Oh, it kinda does look like a cat, well, what do ye know!" Aurelia grins, thoroughly confused by the fact she has the same birthmark as Mae, how is that even possible? Maybe, it's just a coincidence. . . It has to be, right? Aurelia pulls out her wand from her back pocket to turn the kettle on, she gives it a little flick and the button is magically turned on. Mae gives her a scolding look but she doesn't say anything because to the Ministry the little spell she just cast is a but a wee fluke in the Trace Charm. As far as the Ministry believes, no one has lived inside Almerry Castle since the late seventies, they won't look into it, they never do when she does something in the castle. Elliot summoned a whole ass feast once and they didn't hear a peep from the Ministry; Aurelia's got a theory that it's the magic surrounding the castle that keeps the Ministry from being alerted of underage magic. It makes sense since the castle's been around for almost seven hundred years, there's probably magic around and in it that people today have no idea about. When she had been at Olivia's house she had, without thinking, used her magic to turn on the Television because she couldn't find the remote and she had gotten a very severe warning from the Ministry. So, Aurelia has the Trace, it just for some reason doesn't work at Almerry Castle. "Ye two packed and ready to go?" Mae queries, pulling out the raspberry tea for Aurelia, already knowing that's what she wants. "Just about, I've just got to get Freddie into his crate." Aurelia says, the task itself shouldn't take too long. But, he doesn't want to be caged." Elliot snickers, "He wants . . . To break free." "And, I want to throttle you." Aurelia says, smiling sweetly. "C'mon that was good, admit it!" "I'd rather be eaten by a dragon!" "Well, I saw a Hebridean Black in the sky early this morning so that can be arranged!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ For some reason, King's Cross Station seems to be more overwhelming this year. Maybe it's because Mae hadn't accompanied them this time, she had errands to run so she dropped them off at Travis' Inn where they had used the the Floo Network to get to the platform, or maybe it's because a lot of people are staring at her and she knows she's not imagining it this year. But, she keeps her mind clear and calm despite the panic inside that's threatening to boil over. Aurelia's got to stay calm, it's the only thing hiding her scars. Stay fuckin' calm, she tells herself as she takes a deep breath, no one needs to know you were attacked by a werewolf just yet. She'll tell her friends first, then depending on their reactions, she'll let her scars be free. Others can guess how she got them for all she care, of course, after the Quidditch World Cup, most of them will assume she got them from Gwendoline Goyle. Which in Aurelia's mind, is far better than them knowing that she got attacked by a werewolf. "Listen, I know I look great in a crop top but y'all can stop staring, that'd be great, thanks!" Elliot announces dramatically to the crowd, slinging an arm around Aurelia's shoulder. If anything, his outburst draws more attention to Aurelia, but she appreciates his motives. "Now, more people are staring." She says teasingly. "Yeah, but are they staring at you or my dramatic ass? Now, that's the real question, cuz!" "Oh." "AURELIA!" A shrill shriek pierces through the loud chatter of the platform. The shrill shriek belongs to, Natalie "Nat" Wilkes. A redheaded Ravenclaw in the fourth year that Aurelia had befriended back in first year shortly after Christmas holiday. Aurelia glances over her shoulder to see Nat running towards her. Which is extremely shocking because Natalie Wilkes doesn't run, not even when she's late for Professor McGonagall's class. "You're alive!" Nat exclaims. Aurelia laughs, disregarding the fact people are staring and runs to meet Nat halfway. Nat hugs her tightly, sweeping her off her feet much to Aurelia's surprise. "You're alive!" Nat exclaims, more maniacally this time as she spins Aurelia around. Nat is six feet tall and all muscle, it's a running joke that Nat's family are half-giant because of how tall they all are. Aurelia is five-foot seven and is practically skin and bones so to Nat, picking her is as easy as picking up a paintbrush. Nat puts her down after a few seconds then brushes her shoulder length hair from her freckled face "My whole family was in Amsterdam all vacation, we just got back last night and I found out you died! Holy moly! Are you alright? Did you actually get hit by the Killing Curse?!" "No, and I'm right as rain, Nat." Aurelia replies. "Really?" "Really, really." Nat hugs her again "You gave me quite a scare!" "Yes, well, next time I'll try my damn best to not get attacked by the Death-Eater who's wanted me dead since before I could walk at the next Quidditch World Cup." Aurelia quips. "You better." Nat says, completely missing the sarcasm in Aurelia's voice. Aurelia rolls her eyes, turning back to look at Elliot only to see that her cousin has wandered off. He must've spotted George, at least this time he had been nice enough to take her things for her. "Have ye seen Liv or Han yet?" Aurelia asks Nat. Nat shakes her head "I haven't seen Livie yet, I think I saw Hannah but she'd be on the train by now." "Have you heard from Han recently?" "Yes, why?" "Oh, well . . . I think she's mad at me then. She didn't reply to my letters this summer and that's not like her, I sent her two, y'know nothing more than usual and I didn't hear a peep from her." "She's not mad at you, she was just busy this summer." "She wrote to you!" "After being attacked by a bloody Death-Eater, this is what you're worried about?" Nat asks, giving her an incredulous look. "Aye, I am." "You really are a strange one, Black." Nat says, shaking her head as the two of them board the train. Aurelia rolls her eyes but she's still worried. She can't think of any good reasons as to why Hannah would ignore her, she hopes that Hannah's not mad at her as she doesn't want to lose Hannah as a friend, Aurelia really likes Hannah. Before Aurelia can question Nat further, the redhead waves her off, saying: "It's probably nothing. Or at least, nothing like you're thinking, Blue." "You're right." Aurelia sighs. She's still worried nevertheless. "I've got to go give Heather some money for the trolley, she left before father could give her any. Then, I'll look for Livie and Hannah, so I'll see you later!" Nat says, smiling. "M'kay, see you around then!" The two split up, Aurelia wanders off, looking for her other friends. Aurelia finds Seamus and Dean first, they're already sitting in a compartment and laughing away about something. She slides into the compartment, announcing: "Hello, you Gryffinbitches, your Huffleslut has arrived!" The both stop to stare at her, Seamus is the first to react, jumping to his feet and tackling her into a hug. "You're alright!" He shrieks. He hugs her tightly, rocking her back and forth. As much as Aurelia appreciates the hug, she tries to push him off. Dean raises an eyebrow, still looking quite shocked as he asks: "Did you just call yourself a slut?" "No, I called myself a Huffleslut, there's a difference." "There is? Well, please enlighten me." Dean says sarcastically. Seamus lets go of her and sits back down beside Dean, Aurelia straighten out her outfit as she replies: "There's no difference, Elliot called me that once during a game of Quidditch this summer and now I refuse to be referred to as anything less than a Huffleslut." There's a choking noise behind her, she glances behind herself and smiles wide when she sees Neville, who's choking on his Pumpkin Patsy. "Awright there, Plant Boy." She greets him and he waves, unable to speak as he tries to swallow the treat stuck in his throat. "You alright there, mate?" Seamus asks. Neville nods, still choking. "Here!" Aurelia reaches into her messenger bag and pulls out her traveller's mug of raspberry tea, "Use this to wash it down!" Neville grabs the mug and chugs it down. Once his throat's cleared, he says "Thanks" and pulls Aurelia into a tight hug. Her hair turns bright pink and her face grows warms and she pushes Neville away before she melts in his arms. Why does he make her feel so helpless? Neville's face is almost as pink as her hair "It's good to see you . . . Ari, really good —" Seamus snickers and Dean elbows him in the ribs. "How are you, Ari?" Neville asks. The feeling in the compartment changes completely with just a simple question. Aurelia shifts uncomfortably, feeling Dean and Seamus' eyes on her. Aurelia licks her lips, nodding quickly "M'fine." "What happened?" Seamus asks. Aurelia frowns talking a deep breath "Well . . ." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ As she finishes telling them what happened at the Quidditch World Cup, Aurelia glances around at her friends' shocked faces. Neville's heard the story before so he looks more impressed than shocked. Seamus blinks, opening and closing his mouth "So — so you stunned Gwendoline bloody Goyle?" Aurelia blushes "Aye, I s'pose that was rather lame." Seamus snorts "Lame? You stunned Goyle! You know, it's a miracle you're even alive! Goyle's a merciless Death-Eater that's killed trained Aurors and you took her out with a Stunning Spell! That's not lame, that's bad ass!" Aurelia squirms in her seat "I guess, but it wasn't even good Stunner, it —" "It was enough to help you get away from her and that's all that matters." Dean says. "He's right." Neville agrees, patting her knee. Aurelia blushes and she thinks she better brush his hand off her knee before her face catches on fire. She jumps up, exclaiming: "Hey, we — we should go find, Potter and co.!" Luckily, the three boys see nothing wrong with her suggestion. Neville stands up, grabbing her hand, only making her even more flustered. And so, the four friends set off to find the troublesome Gryffindor trio. As they walk down the corridor, Aurelia holds Neville behind "Hey, Plant Boy . . . Can I show you something?" Neville frowns, she sounds nervous and she looks like she's going to cry, he nods "Yeah, anything . . . Are you alright?" Her eyes light up as she replies: "Aye, m'fine! Nym taught me something over the summer, wanna see?" He nods eagerly "Of course!" Aurelia smiles nervously and Neville watches on amazed as three nasty scars appear on her face. "Wow." He breathes, reaching up and tracing the longest scar. She leans into his touch, she reckons she could get used to this. "What — what do you think?" She asks nervously. "They're nasty but they're so cool. It — it's amazing you can do this, you — you're skills have improved so much, they look so real!" It suddenly feels like she can't breathe. Nasty. Nasty. Nasty. He says they look nasty. Well, fuck! What was I actually expecting?! Aurelia laughs loudly "Yeah, they're so real and so ugly, ha! Ha! Ha!" She'd take pity over him saying they're nasty. Neville's confused by her sudden change of behaviour, his hand falls to his side as he asks: "Are you sure you're alright?" Aurelia looks down at him with a sickly sweet smile on her red-painted lips "I'm fine. Perfectly fine!" She snaps at him, she never snaps at him, and then she starts to cry. "Ari! Ari, what's wrong?" He asks softly, "Why — why are you crying?" Had he done something? No, at least he doesn't think he did. Aurelia shrugs, feigning confusion as she sobs: "I — I don't know. I — I really don't know why." Neville hugs her, though he's confused as hell by her behaviour. "M'sorry for snappin' at ye. I didn't mean to — to, I really am." Neville opens his mouth to say something but he's cut off by Seamus who yells: "Hey, love birds, I found them!" Aurelia forces her scars to go away with all her might, this had been a terrible idea and you had no right to snap at him like that, shame on you, she scolds herself as she makes her way over to Seamus and Dean. Neville follows after her, grabbing her hand as they enter Harry, Ron, and Hermione's compartment. "Hey!" Seamus greets the three of them, proudly showing off his Irish rosette and then begins their discussion about the World Cup. Thankfully, neither of them brings up what happened Aurelia. Neville listens on jealously to their conversation, he really wished he hadn't been grounded for half the summer and that his gran had actually wanted to go. "It sounded like it was amazing." Neville says to Ron. "It was! Here, look at this, Neville!" Ron rummages through his trunk, pulling out a miniature figure of Viktor Krum. "Oh, wow!" Neville gasps enviously as Ron dumps it into his hands. "We saw him right up close as well, we were in the Top Box —" "For the first and last time in your life, Weasley." Draco drawls, standing in the doorway, Crabbe and Goyle flanking his side. "Don't remember asking you to join us, Malfoy." Harry says coolly. "Weasley what is that?!" When Ron had rummaged through his trunk, he had left a sleeve of old, frilly fabric hanging out and unfortunately for him, Draco had spotted it. Ron makes to hide the fabric but Draco's too quick for him, he seizes the sleeve and pulls it out to reveal very ugly dress robes. "Look at this!" Draco exclaims, looking positively delighted. "Draco." Aurelia says warningly. "Weasley, you weren't thinking of wearing these, were you? I mean, they were very fashionable in about eighteen ninety —" "Eat dung, Malfoy!" Ron shouts. Aurelia stands up and bluffs: "Do you really want me to tell Potter about the party of eighty-seven?" Draco stops laughing "You wouldn't dare!" Aurelia raises an eyebrow "M'yeah? Try me?" "I'll tell them about your accident." Draco whispers harshly and Aurelia sinks back into her seat, looking close to tears. Ah, yes, because being attacked by a werewolf is fair game for wearing an embarrassing outfit. Draco smirks victorious and turns back on Ron "Are you going to enter, Weasley? Try to bring a bit of glory to your family's name? There's money —" "The Weasleys have more glory than our family'll ever have!" Draco laughs coldly, glancing at Aurelia "You're only saying that because you're bitter and a disgrace —" Before anyone can stop her, Aurelia's got to her feet, brandishing her wand as she snarls: "Anteoculatia!" Antlers sprout from his platinum hair, he lets out an almost girlish shriek and bolts out of the compartment, Crabbe and Goyle follow after him. Aurelia sinks down in her seat fuming as they boys stare at her with wide-eyed looks, Hermione glances over her book, disapprovingly tutting Aurelia before returning to it. Neville turns to Seamus, a goofy grin on his face as he breathes out: "Wow." Aurelia stays relatively silent for the rest of the train ride. Fuming over what Draco had said to the very minute the Hogwarts Express pulls into Hogsmeade Station. The rain is still pouring down hard and Aurelia thankful that Travis had charmed her umbrella when they passed through this morning the inn this morning. The second the train doors open, she presses the umbrella button like her life depends on it. She offers Neville a place under the umbrella, telling him: "It's cold as fuck." Neville chuckles an shrugs off his jacket for her to take. "I — er — No, Plant Boy, that's not what I meant!" She exclaims. "It's alright, it looks like you need it more than I do." He remarks. She shakes her head, shivering. For someone who loves the cold, she doesn't handle it well. Neville places the jacket around her shoulders "Th — there ya go." Aurelia blushes, stop that! You're too cute for me to handle! "Thank you, Plant Boy!" "No problem, Sunflower Girl." Finally the group reaches the Thestral-drawn carriages, Aurelia and Neville climb in first and Harry, Ron, and Hermione climb in after them. The carriages start moving, Neville, Harry, Ron, and Hermione give Aurelia bewildered looks as she says: "If there isn't any cheesecake at this feast then I'm going to fist fight Albus Dumbledore."
"I'M JUST SAYING THERE'S NO WAY YOU'D win a fight against Dumbledore!" Ron argues, shaking his head. Harry agrees with Ron, saying "Dumbledore's like —" "A century old?" Aurelia quips, "I mean a fight without magic." Harry and Ron stare at her. "But then he's just a really old man." Neville mumbles. "You can't fight the elderly!" Hermione cries. "I will if there's no cheesecake." Aurelia says, smiling innocently. "Eh, Dumbledore would still win." Ron remarks. "He's so old! His bones are probably more brittle than peanut brittle! I would so bloody win!" Aurelia exclaims. Ron, Hermione, and Harry stare bewildered at Aurelia, Neville sighs exasperatedly. "Ari, you . . . You can't just say these things." "What? The truth?" Neville sighs again, pinching the bridge of his nose. Ron goes to say something but their carriage comes to an halt, signalling they've arrived at Hogwarts. Aurelia pulls out her umbrella yet again "Muggles say it's bad luck to open these things inside places or what not but since I'm sitting with the literal definition of a bad luck charm I should be fine. Sorry, Harold, but y'know it's true." Harry gives her a sarcastic laugh before jumping out of the carriage and making a mad-dash to the castle. The others follow behind them, neither Aurelia or Neville are touched by the rain thanks to the charmed umbrella. "God damn I hate rain." Aurelia exclaims once the pair of them are safely inside the Entrance Hall. "So do I." Neville agrees, laughing lightly. Aurelia smiles softly, closing her umbrella and pulling out her wand and muttering: "Tergeo." The umbrella magically wipes itself dry then Aurelia shoves it back in her messenger bag. She glances around the Entrance Hall "Well, I'm glad that — woah! What the fuck!" Neville pulls her back by the collar of his jacket she's wearing without warning and a red, water-filled balloon misses her by inches and instead hits Ron who screams. Her and Neville share a knowing look as they say: "Peeves." in sync. Professor McGonagall comes sweeping into the Entrance Hall, yelling angrily at Peeve to stop what he's doing. The professor slips on the wet floor and nearly comes crashing to the floor but she stops the fall by using Hermione's neck. "Ouch! Sorry, Miss. Granger — PEEVES! Peeves get down here now!" "Ever wonder what it'd be like to go to a Muggle school — a normal school?" Aurelia asks Neville. "Nowhere near as entertaining as this." A voice that doesn't belong to Neville replies. Both Neville and Aurelia turn to see, Olivia Newton, standing before them. Olivia grins at them "Peeves the prat's been doing since I got here, I heard that he got poor Sprout with one." Aurelia looks down at her friend who's two inches shy from being a whole foot shorter than her and smiles. Olivia's dark brown, way hair is pulled up into a tight bun and she had a Led Zeppelin sweater thrown over her uniform to keep herself warm. "Heard you beat death." Olivia says lightly. Aurelia blinks and laughs softly "More like someone tried to kill me but missed." "Oh." "How did you hear that, I thought your parents didn't like to know about our world?" "Gossip, love." Olivia says, "That's how. . . Sooo, what happened, I need details!" I'll tell you in the dorms, merlin knows everyone and their mother are going to be asking me that." Aurelia sighs. "Move along now, everyone into the Great Hall!" Professor McGonagall demands sharply. Aurelia links her one arm with Olivia's and the other with Neville's, glancing at Olivia as she asks: "Shall we sit with this mighty Gryffindor tonight, Liv?" Olivia glances at Neville and gives a curt nod "I think we shall, Blue." They're not supposed to sit at the other house tables during the Start-of-Terms and End-of-Term feasts as well as dinners. However, that never stopped them, Aurelia's been sneaking over to the Gryffindor table at dinner since the Halloween feast during first year. Eventually, Olivia and Natalie joined her and they've never been told not to, Neville knows for a fact that Professor McGonagall sees them but she's never made them go back to their own tables. She doesn't encourage it though, she's often given Aurelia and the others disapproving looks when she's spotted them. The three of them head over to the Gryffindor table, Aurelia and Olivia skipping merrily as Neville struggles to follow their lead. "Good evening." Nearly Headless Nick greets the group of Gryffindor plus the two Hufflepuffs. He doesn't look to thrilled to see the Hufflepuff but he's too used to their presence to say anything. "Says who?" Harry retorts, dumping water out of his shoe. "Look, Grease Lightning, no one asked for this little attitude of yours, so quit your sass and sit down on your ass." Olivia quips, sitting next to Seamus. Harry glares intensely at Olivia "Don't call me that!" "Make me, spud." Olivia teases, winking at him. Aurelia rolls her eyes, Olivia and her Grease references. At this point, Aurelia thinks to herself, they have a higher chance of killing Harry than Voldemort does. Neville sits down at the table, Aurelia plops down right by his side. "There better be cheesecake." Aurelia tells him. He chuckles "Look, I will — will take you for cheesecake tomorrow in the kitchens if there's none out here tonight, Ari." "If there's cheesecake tonight will you still take me for more tomorrow?" Aurelia asks, it could be like a date — no! What the fuck, Blue?! "If you want." "I always want cheesecake, Plant Boy." "I couldn't tell, Sunflower Girl." They grin at each other and burst out laughing. "What are you two nerds laughing at?" Seamus asks, he only gets louder laughter in response. Seamus looks at Dean and Olivia but, they're just as confused as he is. "Oh, hurry up, I'm so hungry I could eat a whole Hippogriff." Ron moans loudly. No sooner does he speak do the doors of the Great Hall open and Professor McGonagall comes in, leading the batch of first years behind her, who look more like drowned rats than eleven-year-old kids. They come to a halt at the top of the hall where Professor McGonagall sets up the stool and the Sorting Hat. As dumb as it sounds, Aurelia loathes the Sorting Ceremony. She loathes how she has to watch a kid's face fall when they don't get into the house they want or when their face lights up when the do get into the the house they want. It's not fair. She never got that, she just disappointed everyone around her. As it does every year, the Sorting Hat sings a song to commence the Sorting Ceremony. Harry, who's missed the previous two Sorting because, well, he's Harry Potter, remarks: "That's not the same song it sang when it sorted us." "Sings a different one every year. It's got to be a pretty boring life, hasn't it, being a hat? I suppose it spends all year making up the next one." Ron says. "Ye never know, it might just make them up at the drop of a . . . Hat." Aurelia quips, smiling brightly. Ron looks at her with a straight face "Shut the bloody hell up, Blue." Aurelia laughs quietly and Neville covers his mouth to stifle his giggles. Professor McGonagall begins calling out the names of the first years to be sorted. "Ackerly, Stewart!" The hat is placed upon the first year's head: "RAVENCLAW!" "Baddock, Malcolm!" "SLYTHERIN!" Fred and George hiss at the poor kid as he goes to sit at the Slytherin table, they do that a lot even though their best friend, Elliot, is a bloody Slytherin. Aurelia claps loudly to drown out their hissing, as soon as Malcolm sits down she stops clapping to stare forlornly at the Slytherins. "That should've been me." Aurelia mumbles sadly. "You're meant to be in huff — Hufflepuff." Neville whispers, grabbing Aurelia's hand and squeezing it, "You — you're the most Hufflepuff person I've ever met, mi — minus your lack of pay — patience. . . Being sorted into Slytherin wouldn't have solved anything just — just like being sort — sorted into Gryffindor didn't make things better for me and Lyra." At the mention of her aunt, Aurelia glances up at the staff to take a look at her aunt. Her least favourite aunt, and that's saying something. However, she hates Lyra for a completely different reason than Bellatrix, she hates Bellatrix for what she did to Neville's parents and being a bad person and then she hates Lyra for how she treats her and Neville, she's terrible to Neville. Lyra's an absolute demon. Lyra likes to act like she had escaped the rottenness that plagues the Black family but she hadn't. She's just as rotten as the rest of them, just in a different way; she may not be prejudice but she's still a raging bitch. Aurelia had hoped that when she had been sorted in Hufflepuff that it would mean that maybe Lyra would warm up to her. She hadn't; she got worse. "I guess yer right." Aurelia mumbles, turning her attention back to the Sorting Ceremony. "Madley, Laura!" "HUFFLEPUFF!" She claps for her newest housemate. "McDonald, Natalie!" "GRYFFINDOR!" "I do hope this year's batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch. We don't want to break our winning streak, do we?" Nearly Headless Nick says. Except you didn't deserve to win in first year, Aurelia thinks while rolling her eyes. Of course, she believes that Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville had deserved to be rewarded for their heroics that year, she just thinks that the Headmaster could've rewarded them by another means than the House bloody Cup. Slytherin had rightfully deserved it that year — also, Neville deserved more than ten measly points! Finally, the last student is called up to be sorted, he ends up in Hufflepuff and the Sorting Ceremony comes to an end, Professor Dumbledore gets to his feet, his arms wide open in welcome as he says: "I have only two words for you: tuck in." Aurelia doesn't need to be told twice, reaching for the mashed potatoes as soon as they appear on the table, she fills half her plate with them. "You and your mashed potatoes." Neville laughs, shaking his head. Aurelia looks up at him, her heavily-lidded eyes going wider than usual "I fucking love mashed potatoes." Neville opens his mouth to say something but a clanging sound interrupts them, the pair turn to look and they find that Hermione's knocked over her goblet of pumpkin juice. "There are house-elves here? Here at Hogwarts?" Hermione asks Nearly Headless Nick, horrorstruck. "Certainly, The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred." He replies "I've never seen one!" "Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they? They come out at night to do a bit of cleaning . . . See to the fires and so on . . . I mean, you're not supposed to see them, are you? That's the mark of a good House-Elf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?" Nearly Headless Nick explains. "But they get paid? They get holidays, don't they? And — and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?" Hermione questions fervently. The ghosts chortles loudly "Sick leave and pensions? House-Elves don't want sick leave and pensions!" "He's right, Hermione!" Aurelia cuts in, seeing the apprehensive look on her face, "House-Elves like to work for free, it's typically in their nature. Here at Hogwarts, I highly doubt they're being refused those things you've listed it's just that they don't want it. I'm sure if they asked they'd be give those things right away. Hogwarts treats their House-Elves far better than most." Still, Hermione pushes her plate away, through a mouthful of food, Ron tries to encourage her to eat but Hermione doesn't listen. "Slave labor! That's what made this dinner. Slave labor." Hermione huffs, breathing hard through her nose. "Oh, boy." Aurelia mumbles, rolling her eyes. Neville's talking about dress robes, discussing what they might possibly need dress robes for. This surprises Aurelia for a moment because Neville's godmother is a professor Hogwarts so he should've heard about the Triwizard Tournament but then Aurelia remembers Lyra's a piece of shit that doesn't tell him anything unless there's criticism involved. "Did you have to get dress robes, Ari?" Neville wonders. "Yep! I got a dress and the Disney Princesses won't know what hit 'em!" She replies. Neville stares at her confused and Dean laughs at her comment. Finally the first course of the feast comes to an end and the food replaces itself with desserts. Aurelia scans the table for her precious cheesecake, when spots it she lets out a blissful sighs. She grabs a large piece of it and digs in. "Happy now?" Neville asks, smiling softly. "Very." Aurelia replies then shoves a forkful of cheesecake in her mouth. The desserts eventually clear themselves from the table and once more, Professor Dumbledore gets to his feet, announcing: "Now that we are all fed and watered, I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices." Aurelia starts to chew on her nails nervously, knowing that one of those notices are going to be about the damned Triwizard Tournament. Neville gently pulls her fingers from her mouth, reminding her: "You said not — not to let you bite your nails . . . Why are you nervous? You only bite your nails when you're really nervous?" "You'll see in a few minutes." She says cryptically. Neville raises an eyebrow, curious to know what she's on about so he turns his attention back to the Headmaster. "— If anybody would like to check it out. As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year. It is also my painful duty to inform you all that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year." Aurelia chokes on her spit. No doubt that's because of the Triwizard Tournament. Y'know what, Aurelia thinks, double fuck this tournament. First it has the audacity to be life-threateningly dangerous, then it has the audacity to get my Quidditch games cancelled. "This is bullshit." Aurelia huffs angrily, she had practiced real hard this summer. "This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy — but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely —" "Ah, yes! Everyone enjoys a good tournament full of painful death!" Aurelia huffs sarcastically to herself. "I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts —" There's a deafening rumble of thunder that causes Aurelia to scream, one hand covers her mouth to muffle her scream while the other reaches out to cling onto Neville's jumper. The doors to the Great Hall open and in clambers Mad-Eye Moody. Aurelia's eyes widen in realisation "Oh, fuck! He hired him for DADA?! Great, now there's three professors here who hate me." Mad-Eye Moody had been the one to try and convict her father and had been the one to arrest her aunt. In the ruins of Almerry Castle or so Nym had told her, is where they had found Bellatrix hiding. Nym describes Almerry as being in ruins but that's just how Moody and the other Aurors saw it, Moody had been the one to find her first and Nym tells her that their aunt had almost went peacefully — surprising, she knows — but then something happened, Nym never tells her what exactly, and long story short two of the Aurors wound up dead and Moody lost three teeth. "Are you alright, Ari?" Neville asks her. "Thunder scared me, that's all." Aurelia replies, swallowing her guilt. Neville nods, seemingly satisfied with her answer then they turn their attention to Moody as he walks up to the teacher's table, his one foot clunking with every step. Moody shakes hands with Professor Dumbledore then sits at the table, the Headmaster announces that Moody is their new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. No one claps save for Professor Dumbledore and Hagrid. Clearing his throat, Professor Dumbledore continues his speech: "As I was saying, we have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year." "YOU'RE JOKING!" Fred exclaims loudly. The Great Hall fills with laughter at Fred's outburst and Dumbledore chuckles appreciatively. "I am not joking, Mr. Weasley, though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar . . ." Professor McGonagall clears her throat loudly. "Er — but maybe this is not the time . . . No . . . Where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament . . . Well, some of you will not know what this tournament involves, so I hope those who do know will forgive me for giving a short expla- nation, and allow their attention to wander freely. The Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of es- tablishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities — until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the tournament was discontinued." "And whose bright idea was it to bring it back?" Aurelia mutters sarcastically. "There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament," Dumbledore continued, "none of which has been very successful. However, our own departments of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. We have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find himself or herself in mortal danger. The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with their short-listed contenders in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a thousand Galleons personal prize money." The Great Hall breaks out in eager whispers. "The heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age — that is to say, seventeen years or older — will be allowed to put forward their names for consideration." Eager whispers turn to angry cries of outrage. However, Aurelia's never felt more relieved in her entire life. Oh, thank, Merlin! She's safe! She can't be chosen even as a joke! Aurelia sighs loudly as relief washes over her and the rest of the Headmaster's speech goes in through one ear and out the other. Half the bloody horror stories, she had read about the Tournament can't come true now. She's safe and so are her friends save for Cedric and Elliot who'll be turning seventeen shortly. When the speech comes to an end, Aurelia bids Neville a goodnight and a spontaneous kiss on the cheek — you really need to control yourself, girl! And then she rushes towards her fellow Hufflepuffs before she can see his reaction. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ In the morning, Neville still feels as though he's on cloud nine. Aurelia had kissed his cheek last night and as sad as it may sound, it had made his entire year. She does have soft lips, he had guessed right. "Today's not bad . . . Outside all morning." Ron says, reading over their schedules. Neville hasn't looked over his yet, he's still thinking about the fact Aurelia had kissed his cheek. "Herbology with Hufflepuffs —" Neville perks up at this, glancing over at the Hufflepuff table. Aurelia's still not up yet, at this rate, she's going to have a very late start. It's not unusual for her to sleep in on school days, she just doesn't like it when she does. Neville knows that if she's not in the Great Hall within the next five minutes, she'll be in a foul mood for the rest of the day. Dean nudges his shoulder "Hey, I think Professor Black's coming over here." Neville looks away from the Hufflepuff table and he straightens his posture. His mouth runs dry and his palms grown sweaty, he hopes he looks decent. "Relax, Neville, it's your godmum, not Snape." Dean says, raising a questioning eyebrow at how pale Neville's become. Neville swallows thickly and turns to face his sneering godmother. Lyra Black sneering is not a bad sign, it's just her default expression. "Hi." Neville mumbles weakly, wiping his sweaty palms on his trousers. Lyra's grey eyes narrow "Don't mumble, Neville." He nods, avoiding eye contact with the intimidating woman. Lyra's wild blonde curls frame her long face, her features are sharp, her eyes are heavily-lidded, and her red-painted lips are pulled into a terrifying scowl. "You better behave this year, Neville, your actions last year were severely disappointing if you're parents knew about what you did they'd be extremely disappointed you. Do not let something like that happen again. You need to start acting like a Longbottom, stop bringing shame to your family name." "It — it won't." He stammers shamefully. Lyra gives him a once over "It better not, Neville — did you even brush your hair today? You —" "Heya, Plant Boy!" Aurelia says loudly, pushing past Lyra in a rough manner, "Heard we got Herbology together, we should get going!" "Ari!" He says breathlessly, positively delighted that she's here. Just in time to save him from Lyra's rant. "Goo — Good morning, Ari, you're right, w — we do." Lyra mutters something that he doesn't catch but Aurelia does. "Call me that again an' ah will naw yer bloody arm off!" Aurelia snarls at her. Lyra doesn't give Aurelia a detention for that threat. Aurelia could literally naw her arm off and still Lyra wouldn't give out a detention because that would mean spending more time than necessary with Aurelia and that's the last thing Lyra wants. Lyra scowls at Aurelia before stalking away. Aurelia holds out a shaking hand for Neville to take "C'mon on, Plant Boy, we should get to class! I'm sure Professor Sprout's missed her prized student." "Oh, hush, Sunflower Girl!" Neville says, blushing deeply. "I only speak the truth, Plant Boy!" Aurelia laughs, linking arms with Neville. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Besides almost throwing up in Herbology class because of those bloody Bobotubers had been nasty, the first day of class had passed without major incident Even Muggles Studies which is taught by Lyra had gone smoothly; Lyra's surprisingly a good teacher, she leaves Aurelia and Neville alone during class unlike Snape. Aurelia's pretty pleased with how the day had tuned out considering how it started. And then: "Weasley! Hey, Weasley!" Her brother's loud voice echoes around the Entrance Hall. Aurelia and Neville share exasperated looks, he couldn't wait until after dinner to make a scene? "Your dad's in the paper, Weasley! Listen to this" Draco says and then starts to read from an article loudly so that everyone can hear. Aurelia pushes her way through the crowd to get to Draco and scold him for being a little shit. "And there's a picture!" Draco exclaims, "A picture of your parents outside their house — if you can call it a house! Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't she?" "Get stuffed, Malfoy," Harry snaps. "Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, Potter? So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?" Aurelia pushes past a Ravenclaw, finally reaching her brother. "You know your mother, Malfoy? That expression she's got, like she's got dung under her nose? Has she always looked like that, or was it just because you were with her?" "Don't you dare insult my mother, Potter!" Draco snarls. "You hypocrite!" Aurelia shouts, stomping up to her brother but Crabbe steps in her way before she can reach him. "Keep your fat mouth shut, then!" Harry tells him, turning away. Draco pulls out his wand. "Draco, no!" Aurelia exclaims, "That's not fair!" He shouts a spell at Harry — BANG! Aurelia gasps in horror, snapping her head to look at Harry, the spell misses him. BANG! "Oh, no you don't, laddie!" Professor Moody yells. A stunned silence falls over the hall and the squeaking chatter of a ferret can be heard. Slowly, Aurelia turns her head to look at her brother as Professor Moody clambers over to him. "Merlin's beard!" Aurelia breathes, eyes widening in shock because Professor Moody's turned her brother into a fucking ferret. Professor Moody asks Harry if he's alright and Aurelia as well as Crabbe move it grab Draco. "LEAVE IT!" Moody roars. Crabbe freezes but Aurelia continues to reach for her brother\ferret. "I don't think so!" Moody growls as limps forward, shoving Aurelia aside he points his wand at Draco. "Hey, leave him alone!" Aurelia snarls, her brother doesn't deserve this kind of punishment. Moody ignores her, growling: "I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back's turned! Stinking, cowardly, scummy thing to do!" he uses his wand to make the ferret bounce up and down, Draco squeals in pain. "There's no reason to do that!" St — stop! You're hurting him!" Aurelia screams, slamming her fists against Moody's back. The ferret hits the stone floor repeatedly, squealing louder and louder with each impact. Tears burn, Aurelia's eyes, her brother's in pain. "STOP!" Aurelia shrieks, drawing her wand but she doesn't need to retaliate because Professor McGonagall has entered the building. "Professor Moody!" Professor McGonagall says in a shocked voice and Aurelia's flooded with relief. "Professor! He's turned Draco into a ferret!" Aurelia exclaims. Professor McGonagall's eyes widen in alarm, books falling from her arms as she pulls out her wand and changes Draco back. "Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment! Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?" Professor McGonagall says weakly. "Draco, are you alright?" Aurelia asks softly. He sneers at her, Pansy strikes him in the ribs, muttering: "She's just trying to be nice, Draco." "I'm fine." He says, shooting Pansy a dirty look, she shrugs at him. "We give detentions, Moody! Or speak to the offender's Head of House!" Professor McGonagall scolds. "I'll do that, then." Moody says, staring at Draco with great dislike. "You should be fired!" Aurelia hisses, "He didn't deserve to be punished like that!" Moody stares at her with almost murderous intent but he's distracted by Draco who mutters: "My father will hear about this." Ah, there it is. True Draco fashion at its finest. Aurelia rolls her eyes, realising that his ego's more wounded than he is, she turns on her heel and heads back to Neville's side. "Did that really just happen?" Neville asks, sounding totally awed. "What? Draco being a dramatic bitch and Moody being a little bitch?" "Yeah, that." Neville giggles. "Unfortunately, yes."
MOST, IF NOT ALL, OF HER FRIENDS ARE excited for Professor Moody's lesson but Aurelia's anything but. After what he had done to her brother, they way he had looked like he wanted to murder her for defending her brother who was in pain, terrified her. She'd do anything to skip his lesson. Since her friends, for whatever reasons, are so excited for Professor Moody's lesson, she keeps her disdain about it to herself but Neville, of course, can see that she's unnerved about something. "Are you alright, Ari?" Neville asks as Aurelia and Hermione try to teach him a Scouring Charm. Aurelia nods "I'm fine, why?" "You don't look fine, you look nervous." "I'm not nervous." Aurelia replies shortly, "Besides, shouldn't I be the one askin' if your alright, I'm not the one who had to dismember a barrel of toads the previous night." "I — I'm fine." He stammers, he's still shaken up about it. That makes Aurelia very angry, she's determined to make Professor Snape's life hell for the next month. "You know why Snape's been in a foul mood, don't you?" Ron mumbles to Harry. "Moody." Harry says "Nah, it's 'cause he's a foul git." Aurelia replies, "Moody should turn him into a ferret." Harry and Ron snicker at the thought. Harry says thoughtfully: "I reckon Snape's a bit scared of him, you know." "Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad." Ron says gleefully, "And bounced him all around his dungeon. . ." As much as she dislikes Moody, she'd love to witness that. "I'd give the entire Black family vault to see that and it'd be worth it." Aurelia sighs blissfully. She looks back at Neville who looks a lot happier now that his fingernails had been cleaned, a surge of anger courses through her veins as she thought of what it must've been like for him to have spent hours upon hours of disembowelling toads. Fuck, Professor Snape, he's a little asshole. "Are you sure you're alright?" Neville asks again, seeing the troubled look on Aurelia's face. "Something about Professor Moody scares me, I know Fred and them said he was amazing but something about Moody ain't right." She rambles nervously. Neville grabs her hand, squeezing it reassuringly as he tells her: "Don't wor — worry, Ari, besides he can't be as bad as Lockhart." "You're right, you're right." She sighs, smiling nervously, "Nothing could be as bad as that." Feeling slightly better about the lesson, her and Neville head up to the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, Harry and Ron follow behind them. Along the way, Ron and Harry eagerly discuss what the lesson might be about. Their theories do nothing to sooth her nerves, so she keeps a tight hold on Neville's hand in hopes of keeping herself grounded. That also does little to help her. When they arrive, Neville and Aurelia sit down at a table next to Olivia and Hannah, it's not long until they hear Professor Moody's distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor. He enters the room, looking as frightening as ever. "You can put those away." He growls as he stamps over to his desk and sits down, "Those books. You won't need them." Putting her book away, Aurelia doesn't know whether to feel more nervous or feel slightly giddy. When Professor Lupin had told the class they wouldn't need their books it had usually followed by something exciting. Professor Moody takes out a register and starts calling out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list whilst his magical eye swivels around, fixing upon students as they answer. "L — Black, Aurelia." He calls out her name, there's a tone of malice that's different from his normal tone of voice. "Here." Aurelia replies meekly, her stomach twists with nerves. He glares at her a moment longer then he continues on with the list. She wants out of this class. "Right then." He says, when the last person had declared themselves present, "I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark Creatures — you've covered boggarts, Red Caps, Hinkypunks, Grindylows, Kappas, and Werewolves, is that right?" There's a general murmur of assent. "But you're behind — very behind — on dealing with curses. So, I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark —" "What, aren't you staying?" Ron blurts out. Moody's magical eye spins around to stare at Ron and then, surprisingly, Moody smiles. A smile which makes his heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever. A smile which unnerves Aurelia. "You'll be Arthur Weasley's son, eh?" Moody questions, "Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago . . . Yeah, I'm staying just the one year. Special favor to Dumbledore... One year, and then back to my quiet retirement." Oh, thank fucking Merlin! He gives a harsh laugh, then claps his gnarled hands together "So — straight into it. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you countercurses and leave it at that. I'm not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you're in the sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore's got a higher opinion of your nerves, he reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who's about to put an illegal curse on you isn't going to tell you what he's about to do. He's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss. Brown, when I'm talking." From behind her Aurelia hears a chair scraping against the floor and she assumes it's Lavender Brown who's probably trying to act like she hasn't done anything wrong. "So . . . Do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?" Well, shit, Aurelia thinks, this can't be good! Several hands rise tentatively into the air. Professor Moody points at Ron, though his magical eye's still fixed on Lavender. "Er — my dad told me about one . . . Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?" "Ah, yes," Professor Moody says appreciatively, "Your father would know that one. Gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse." Professor Moody gets up on his feet, opened his desk drawer, and takes out a glass jar. Three large black spiders are scuttling around inside it. He reaches into the jar, catches one of the spiders, and holds it in the palm of his hand so that class can see it. He then points his wand at it and mutters, "Imperio!" The spider leaps from Professor Moody's hand on a fine thread of silk and begins to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. It stretches out its legs rigidly, then does a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it begins to cartwheel in circles. Professor Moody jerks his wand, and the spider rises onto two of its hind legs and went into what's unmistakably a tap dance. Everyone starts laughing, Aurelia doesn't, she can't bring herself too. She supposes it might be a funny sight to see but she knows that the Imperious Curse isn't funny, she had been placed under it many times when she was in the care of her parents. Her father used it to keep her in line but she had eventually built up an immunity to it and had become practically useless to him. "Think it's funny, do you?" He growls, "You'd like it, would you, if I did it to you?" The laughter dies away almost instantly. "Total control." He says quietly as the spider balls itself up and begins to roll over and over, "I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats." Aurelia feels sick, what the fuck was wrong with him?! "Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being con- trolled by the Imperius Curse." Professor Moody explains, "Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will. The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone's got it. Better avoid being hit with it if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Everyone jumps and Aurelia even falls out of her chair, it goes unnoticed by everyone as they're so absorbed in the lesson. She quickly climbs back onto the chair before anyone does. Moody picks up the somersaulting spider and throws it back into the jar "Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?" Hermione's hand flies into the air again and so does Neville's. Oh no, Aurelia thinks, oh no, oh fuck. Neville even looks surprised at his own daring. Aurelia can feel her heart racing, her stomach is twisting so violently she think she might throw up. She should have just walked out of that class the second Professor Moody had mentioned the Unforgivable Curses. The professor's magical eye rolls over to fix on Neville "Yes?" Olivia glances over at Aurelia, a look of concern on her face. Aurelia's visibly shaking and paler than usual. Hannah, who's sitting with Olivia seems to notice Aurelia's odd behavior as well as Neville's. "There's one — the Cruciatus Curse." Neville says in a small voice. Professor Moody looks at him, intently with both eyes "Your name's Longbottom?" Neville nods nervously, and the Defence Against the Dark Arts professor turns his back to the class as he reaches into the jar, pulling out another spider. "The Cruciatus Curse . . ." Professor Moody begins, ". . . Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea . . . Engorgio!" At this point Aurelia has dug her nails so deeply into her palms, that they're starting to bleed, she squeezes her eyes shut as the Professor raises his wand once again. "Crucio." Professor Moody mutters. Her father standing over her, a look of horror on his face as his eyes dart between his wand and her crumbled body. Aunt Bellatrix pointing her crooked wand at Joseph MacDonald, while snarling: "How dare you threaten her! CRUCIO —" Gwendoline Goyle laughing maniacally as she points her wand at Aurelia screaming "Cru — CIO!" It's all there, right in front of her eyes. She can almost feel the pain of the Curse burning through her body. MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP! MAKE IT STOP! Aurelia's body's shaking badly, and there are tears pricking the corner of her eyes. The Death-Eater's right in front of her — so close, too close. Aurelia's going to die. Gwendoline's going to kill her. "No, no, no, no, no." Aurelia mutters, this can't be real. Gwendoline can't be here. I can't be there. You're at Hogwarts, Aurelia closes her eyes and grips the edge of her desk tightly, you are at Hogwarts. She feels eyes burning into the top of her skull. When she looks up, Gwendoline's still there but she seems to be closer now. "No, no, no, no." "Do you actually think that someone's going to help you, Wolfie?" Gwendoline croons. Aurelia lets out a strangled cry of: "No!" "Pathetic — Ari, are you — but, I do love it when — alright? — they put up a — Ari, what's wrong? — fight!" Aurelia feels someone — Goyle! It's Goyle! She's going to kill me! — grab her arm but she yanks it back and then punches in the general direction of where they should be. There's no shrill shriek likes she expects but a collective gasp and a boy muttering: "Bloody hell!" "Neville, are you alright?" Seamus' Irish accent cuts through her panicked thoughts. Aurelia blinks, you are at Hogwarts. You are safe. You just had one of those again. Stupid girl, she scolds herself, how could she possibly think that Gwendoline had been there. Aurelia looks at Neville, who's holding the side of his face — Holy shit, I punched him! Oh, Merlin! What have I done?! He looks horrified — Of her? Of the lesson? Aurelia's not sure which but she feels terribly guilty. She opens her mouth to apolgise but no sound comes out, her mind is still reeling from what she had went through. What's wrong with her? Besides the Hyperthymesia, the Muggle doctor had never found anything wrong with her when she had visited. Then again, her twelve-year-old self hadn't been very forthcoming about her troubles, because at the root of them all lies the terrible fact she had been attacked by a werewolf, and werewolves aren't real according to Muggles. "— Yes, the last and the worst. Avada Kedavra . . . The Killing Curse." A chill runs down Aurelia's spine as she recalls the bright green light that had almost killed her. Professor Moody pulls out the third spider and Aurelia wants to scream at him to stop but she finds herself frozen in her spot, unable to get the protest out. He raises his wand "Avada Kedavra!" The blinding green light seems to snap Aurelia out of her dazed state. The spider dies instantaneously and a sob forces its way out of her throat, hot tears slide down her cheeks. That had almost been her. "Not nice, not pleasant. And there's no countercurse. There's no blocking it. Only two known people have ever survived it, and there sitting right in front of me." Moody says calmly, referring to Harry and Aurelia, though both his eyes are locked on Harry. She hadn't really survived the Killing Curse, that had just been a rumour. "Avada Kedavra's a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it. You could all get your wands out now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it." Moody explains. Aurelia shudders, glancing at Neville. He still looks horrified as he watches Professor Moody drone on about the Unforgivable Curses, the one side of his face is really red. She did that. She hurt him. You horrible, stupid girl! She scolds herself, you — "— CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Aurelia jumps in her seat, letting out a frightened gasp. "Now . . . These three curses — Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus — are known as the Unforgivable Curses. Any use of them will earn you a one-way ticket to Azkaban." Professor Moody growls, giving Aurelia a pointed look. Go choke on a dick, Aurelia thinks, glaring at him. "That's what you're up against. That's what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practice constant, never-ceasing vigilance. Get out your quills . . . Copy this down. . . ." For the rest of the lesson, no one speaks. Once they're dismissed, Neville and Aurelia scurry out the classroom like mice running from a hungry cat. Aurelia apologises profusely to Neville as they hurry down the corridor but Neville doesn't say anything. They come to an halt in a passage way just off to the side of the classroom. It's not far enough from Moody, by Aurelia's standards, but it'll do for now. "Neville, I — I'm sorry. I did — didn't mean to hit you, I —" She cuts herself off, does she tell him what really happened despite the probability of him thinking she's crazy. Neville stares at the wall in front of them with a horrified, wide-eyed look. She realises, at this moment, he probably doesn't care that she hit him, he had just witnessed the same dark curse that had taken his parents away from him, he must be traumatised. "Nev, are you alright?" Aurelia asks gently, "Maybe, we can go to the greenhouses, that might help take your mind off things." Neville looks at Aurelia but he doesn't look at her, his eyes are still focused on something far away, brimming with tears. She wonders if he remembers the night his parents had been attacked — was he even there? Is he having one of those things that she gets. Gently and slowly, she takes his hand into her and traces patterns on his surprising smooth palm. Neville, Blue?" Hermione asks gently as she approaches them, "Are you alright?" "Yeah, why wouldn't I be?" Aurelia asks defensively, now they must think something's really wrong with her. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stare at her skeptically. "Neville?" Hermione asks again. Neville blinks as he looks at his three friends "Oh, hello!" he says in an unnaturally high voice, "Interesting lesson, wasn't it? I wonder what's for dinner, I'm — I'm starving, aren't you?" "Neville, are you alright?" "Oh, yes! I'm fine!" Neville says squeezing Aurelia's hand as he looks around at them, "Very interesting dinner — I mean, lesson — what's for dinner?" "Neville, what —" Hermione's question gets cut off by Professor Moody who approaches the group. He places a hand on Neville's shoulder and speaks in a surprisingly soft growl: "It's alright, sonny." He looks at Neville than at Aurelia "Why don't you two come up to my office? . . . We can have a cup of tea." Neville looks even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Moody, he neither moves nor speaks. "We can't, Nev and I — no!" Aurelia exclaims, stammering nervously, she'd rather have tea with her Grandmother Druella — who has put poison in Aurelia's tea on more than one occasion, might she add — than with Professor Moody. But, Professor Moody ignores her as he turns his magical eye on Harry "You alright, are you, Potter?" "Yes," Harry replies quickly. "You've got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, but you've got to know. No point pretending . . . Well . . . Come on, Longbottom, Black I've got some books that might interest you." Both, Aurelia and Neville look to the trio of Gryffindors for help but they say nothing and they have no choice but to follow Professor Moody up to his office. Professor Moody invites them into his office, he starts the tea right away and Aurelia prays this visit will be quick. Aurelia and Neville are squeezing their hands so tightly, they've both gone slightly numb. They refuse to let go of each other, feeling too uneasy about being in the professor's company, they're the only comfort they have. Professor Moody's magical eye locks onto their intertwined hands and an unnerving smile stretches across his scarred face. "Good friends, huh? Sprout's told me all about you two, thick as thieves, she says." He says gruffly. Neville becomes slightly less tense as he slowly nods his head "We're best friends." Professor Moody changes the subject "I knew your parents." he states, smile growing slightly wide before turning into a frown, "Shame what happened to them, they were exceptional Aurors, I would know as I taught them everything they knew — and here you are befriending the niece of the woman who tortured your parents." "Would they have cared?" Neville asks. Aurelia grows tense, this answer can literally destroy their friendship, she steals a quick glance at Neville, the expression isn't one of curiosity like she expects but rather one of defiance. A rare look for Neville Longbottom. Professor Moody lets out short, harsh laugh "We'll never know their real answer to that, sonny, but your parents were rebels, especially your mother, my answer's that: if anything they'd encourage your forbidden friendship here." Neville grips her hand tightly. Professor Moody places cups of tea in front of the two of them, Aurelia doesn't dare touch hers. Her stomach feels sick, she's not sure she likes where this conversation is going. "Ari's my best friend, my mum likes her. She sat by her bed the whole time she was at St. Mungo's." Neville says, smiling at Aurelia. "Your mother liked her aunt too." Professor Mood says bluntly. Neville chokes on his tea "What do you mean by liked?" Aurelia's eyes widen in alarm, she never knew this. "Your father did too, they thought Bellatrix could be trusted. They were friends as well, when they were younger, the three of them had been the best of friends. Look what happened to them. They were best friends like you and Black are. You should watch your back, Longbottom." Professor Moody says harshly. "Why would I need to watch my back?" Neville asks, "Lestrange's in Azkaban." Oh, you sweet, innocent child. Aurelia knows what's coming next but Neville's got no idea. Sweet Neville. He's too kind for someone like me. "Your parents didn't watch their backs with Bellatrix and she stabbed them. In all due time, Black'll do the same to you." A cold chill runs through her body but she's never felt so angry with a teacher before. She'd never hurt Neville. Never. "No, she — she won't. Ari's my best friend. I trust her with my life." Neville says defensively but he's shaking nervously in his seat. "I wouldn't make that mistake if I were you, you wouldn't want to end up like your parents. Black'll stab you in the back when you least expect it, just like her —" Aurelia shoots out of the chair, her hair and face red with anger, there's a fiery feeling she's never felt before coursing through her veins. There are so many things she'd like to say to Moody but her brain can't seem to string a coherent sentence together, she's so angry. So, Aurelia screams loudly, slamming her fist on his desk and spilling her hot, untouched tea. "FUCK YOU!" And she stomps out of his office, knocking things over for good measure as she takes her leave.
"SO WHY ARE AVOIDING, NEVILLE?" HANNAH ASKS, one lunch a couple weeks after the whole Moody thing. Aurelia straightens out her tie, mumbling: "I'm not avoiding him, I just talked to him yesterday." "Yeah, in class! And it was so awkward!" Hannah exclaims, "Watching the two of you interact yesterday made me want to gouge my eyes out!" "You're just being dramatic now, Han!" Aurelia says rolling her eyes. "Says you." Hannah huffs. "Han's right. You're clearly avoiding, Longbottom. Why?" Olivia cuts in. "I'm not!" "Yeah, and I'm not totally head over heels for Ginny Weasley." Olivia laughs, unlike Aurelia, Olivia's openly bisexual and proud. "But, you are." Nat says, completely oblivious to what Olivia actually meant by the remark. Hannah smiles softly, placing her hand on Nat's arm as she informs her that: "Liv's just being sarcastic, hun." "Oh." "Has this got anything to do with you punching him?" Hannah questions, turning her attention back to Aurelia. "Kinda." She mutters. "Why don't you just apologise?" "I did." "Then why are you avoiding him?" "Because I don't deserve a friend like him! I'm evil! I'm destined to be evil!" Aurelia mutters, shamefully. There's a moment of a silence and for a minute, Aurelia thinks Hannah might actually agree with her but then the blonde shakes her head. "That's not true, Blue. You and Neville do deserve each other." Hannah says, frowning. "Yeah, Han's right!" Olivia says, biting into her muffin, "Longbottom's like the Princess Leia to your Han Solo!" Hannah blinks, looking mildly confused as she asks: "Shouldn't that be the other way around?" "If anything, Neville's the Luke Skywalker to my Han Solo." Aurelia corrects. Olivia nods thoughtfully "Yeah, Longbottom's definitely more of a Luke Skywalker now that you mention it." "I think we're getting off-topic here." Nat says, "What made you think that? Did Neville say something . . . Does he —" "Moody. He said that I was gonna end up just like my aunt, evil and insane. He said I would hurt Neville one day because I was just like her." Aurelia replies glumly. "Oh! That explains the hair!" Nat exclaims, casting an exasperated glance at Aurelia's raven-coloured curls. It's a colour that Nat thinks doesn't suit her at all; usually Aurelia keeps her hair anything but that colour. "Yeah, I figured that I might as well get a head start on my slow descent into madness." Aurelia sighs, earning groans from the three girls. "You melodramatic bitch!" Olivia sighs annoyed. "Rude! I haven't even done anything!" Cedric gasps as he sits down next to Hannah. Olivia rolls her eyes "I wasn't talking about you, you big ol' rat!" "First of all, that's big ol' rat king, to you! Pipsqueak! Secondly, who are we talking about then?" Cedric says, leaning closer to the girls. "It's just, Aurelia." Olivia replies, rolling her eyes. "Oh, so nothing unusual's happened then?" "Hey!" Aurelia gasps, looking at Cedric with false offense. "You wouldn't have to sit our bullying if you had just sat with Neville!" Hannah sings, a teasing smile adorning her freckled face. Cedric's eyes widen "So something did happen! Why aren't you sitting with Neville?" "Well, I punched him —" "Which she apologised for!" "— And then Moody said that I was going to be just like my aunt. Just as crazy and evil as she is — was? Oh, bloody hell, I don't know. But, he's right!" "Merlin's beard, I had such high hopes for Moody. I quite enjoyed his teaching methods but — well, he had no right to compare you to your aunt. Or any of your family. You're working very hard not to be like them and no one pays attentions to your efforts. Don't listen to, Moody! He doesn't know know you, Blue, but do you know who does?" "Who?" Aurelia asks, still frowning despite Cedric's positive words. Cedric grins widely before yelling out: "Hey! Neville come over here, will you?!" Neville looks mortified by the fact that Cedric bloody Diggory had called him over. A lot of the students are now looking at him because of it. Aurelia slaps Cedric's arm "What are ye doin'?! Ye rat!" "Rat king." Her eyes narrow, her face growing red with embarrassment as she slaps Cedric's arm multiple times "What would ye do that for, ye wee bitch!" Neville scrambles over to the Hufflepuffs, almost tripping on his own two feet as he does so. Cedric grins at Neville "Good afternoon, Neville! Hey, I was wondering what class do you have next?" Neville looks equally confused and nervous as he stammers: "D — D — DA — DADA." Cedric's grin widens "Well, would you look at that! So does, Blue! You two should walk to class together!" "I will kill ye in yer sleep for this." Aurelia whispers in Cedric's ear. "Threatens the girl who once got upset and apologised to a leaf because it crunched too loudly when you stepped on it." Cedric teases. Neville looks between Aurelia and Cedric nervously. He doesn't think Aurelia'll want to walk with him, he's pretty certain that she's upset with for not defending her more to Moody. They haven't had a decent conversation since then and he's very nervous. Neville's scared that their friendship is over, he doesn't want to lose Aurelia as a friend. She's his best friend without a doubt. "I — I —" Aurelia stands up, slinging her messenger bag over her shoulder "C'mon, Plant Boy, let's go." She shoots Cedric one last dirty look before she grabs Neville's hand and drags him out of the Great Hall. Neville glances at her, there are bags under her heavily-lidded, wide eyes and she looks sickly pale. He doesn't think she's brushed her hair this morning as it's curlier than usual and it's a very unusual black colour "I'm sorry." Neville whispers nervously as they climb the stairs, Aurelia glances at him and raises an eyebrow. "Why are you apologising?" Aurelia asks, confused. "I didn't stand up for you." He replies. "Yes, you did." "Not well e — enough!" Neville stammers, "What kind of friend am I if — if I —" "You're a wonderful friend!" Neville shakes his head "No, I sh — should've said more, I sh —" "The fact that you said something means a lot to me. You didn't have to say anything at all but you did and I can never thank you enough for that." Aurelia tells him, smiling softly. "Oh . . . Well, I — I thought you we — were upset wit — with me because I did — didn't say enough." Neville stammers tearfully, "I thought you — you might not want to be friend any — anymore." "Merlin, I punch you in the face and you worry that I won't want to be your friend anymore?" "You did — didn't mean to and besides it didn't hurt that bad — okay, it hurt a lot. You have a great right hook." Neville says quickly. "I'm sorry." "You've already apologised . . . So, are we alright then? I mean, we're friends right? And — and we'll always be friends forever, won't we? No matter what anyone says or does, we'll stick by each other's sides through it all, right?" He asks, looking up at her hopefully. Aurelia smiles brightly, holding out her pinky "I promise." Neville blinks as he quickly tries to think of what he's supposed to do. He's seen Elliot and Aurelia do this before. He's supposed to wrap his pinky around her's — yeah, that sounds about right. He wraps his pinky around her own and she gives it a little shake, her bright smile going wide. "I promise too." Neville says. "Well, we should probably get to class." Aurelia suggests after a moment of comfortable silence, Neville nods in agreement. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "We should probably skip this class." Aurelia whispers to Neville when Professor Moody announces he's going to teach them the Imperius Curse and its effects. Which, isn't as surprising as it should've been. Aurelia's rather certain she's going to do well on this one, she's got experience with this curse. Technically speaking, she's got experience with all the Unforgivables; but's she's got the most experience with this one. Her dad put her under it a lot at social gatherings and for the longest time she had assumed it was her conscience speaking to her and she listened to it. Well, until it had told her not to touch the cookies and then she told it to 'sod off' because she really wanted those cookies. After that she started resisting it until she built up a decent immunity to it, specifically her father's Imperius. She's not exactly sure she'll be able to completely resist someone else's Imperius, but Aurelia's still very angry with Moody so she's hoping she can, just to prove that she's mentally stronger than the rest of her family. She knows what she wants, she's got her mind set on being a good person and no one, not even an Unforgivable will change her bloody mind. "But — but you said it's illegal, Professor. You said — to use it against another human was —" Hermione says uncertainly as Moody clears away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the room. "Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like, if you'd rather learn the hard way — when someone's putting it on you so they can control you completely — fine by me. You're excused. Off you go." Moody growls, staring eerily at Hermione. He points at the door and Hermione turns red with embarrassment. "No offense but, I don't think she meant it like that! Sure, Dumbledore's got a track record picking horrible teachers — minus Lupin, he was an angel — but we've never actually been told to do anything illegal! So bloody forgive us for questioning any law-breaking taking place in the classroom!" Aurelia snaps, defending Hermione. Moody surveys her for a moment with an almost smug look on his face "Why don't you go first, Black? I'm sure you've had plenty of experience with the Unforgivable Curses considering your family background." She grits her teeth. To be fair, she brought that one on herself. Aurelia thinks she could just tell him to go fuck himself and leave the classroom but she'd much rather see that smug grin wiped off his face when she resists the curse perfectly. "Fine!" She agree snappily, stepping forward. Okay, brain! She thinks, please don't fail me now. Moody waves his wand, growling out: "Imperio!" A sudden wave of calmness and happiness washes over her, all her worries seem to melt away. Before she lets herself get lured into this feeling of security she tells herself she shouldn't be feeling this way. She reminds herself of where she is and how she's with Mad-Eye Moody who's kind of an ass to her. You shouldn't feel this calm around him, Aurelia tells herself. Seconds later she hears Moody's voice echo in her mind: tell the truth. She thinks of her scars and the secret she's hid from her friends, she should — no. You don't want to tell the truth, not now. You don't want to. It must be really difficult hiding who you really are, Moody says. They're just scars, she tells the voice, it ain't that deep. Tell them! He insists. I think I'll pass. Moody lowers his wand, releasing her from the curse. "Well done, Black, you fought it well." He tells her, giving her a curt nod of approval. Aurelia glares at him before turning on her heel to head to the back of the class. Out of all the stupid things he could've made her do, he tried to get her to do that. She dugs her nails into the palms of her hands as she fumed silently. Coming to a stop by Neville's side, he stares at her amazed. "Wow, Ari! You completely resisted, that's amazing! How did you do it?" He gushes. "I'll tell you later." She replies quietly, frowning. He nods and turns his attention to Dean, who under the Imperius Curse, jumps around the room, singing some weird song. The lesson continues with various students doing weird or embarrassing things that they would never have attempted with control of their actions. Harry, of course, because he's Harry bloody Potter is the only other person who resists the curse, though not as well as she had. Yet, for some reason he's gets more praise than she did. She bitterly scoffs at that, Saint Potter — Merlin, you sound like Draco! Nym had told Moody could be an arse at times but when she said that, Aurelia had never realised she meant that much of an arse. By the end of the lesson, Aurelia's so enraged it's a surprise that steam isn't coming out of her ears. "That bastard!" Aurelia hisses heatedly to Neville, who is very confused. The pair stalk down the corridor, Aurelia in the lead as Neville struggles to keep up with her long strides. "Is it about the remark he made about your family?" Neville asks. "No! It's not fair!" Aurelia exclaims, "He makes all the others do embarrassing things but me — ME! He tries to make me —" "What? What did he try to do?" Her face twists in anger as she shakes her head "I don't want to talk about it." Neville looks at her concerned but he doesn't press the subject, he decides to change it instead, asking: "How were you able to resist the curse so well, you said you'd tell me later." Aurelia bites her lip "Well, my dad . . . To keep me in line at parties, he'd put me under the curse . . . One time he wouldn't let have a cookie and I decided 'fuck that, I want a cookie' and I resisted the curse and got my bloody cookie. I started resisting it more after that but the first time I ever resisted the Imperius Curse was because of a cookie." Neville stares at her aghast. "I know it's illegal but could ye maybe not . . . Not, well, tell anyone?" "I won't tell anyone, I promise . . . But, I think he should be in prison for that." "I s'pose yer right." Aurelia laughs. "I always am." The teasing remark slips past his lips before he can really think them through. Neville almost regrets it but then Aurelia's nervous expression turns to an amused one and he knows he's done well. "I s'pose ye always are, Plant Boy." Aurelia laughs, smiling wide. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The day before Halloween brings Aurelia a new sort of excited feeling. Today's the day that the other school's will be arriving for the tournament. Aurelia's practically buzzing with excitement as she goes through the day. New people, new friends! She also can't help but wonder if Noelle will be attending along with the other Durmstrang students. She had said that's where she went and she did look to be of age. Aurelia really hopes she will be. She had only shared but a short conversation with the German girl but Aurelia can't seem to forget her. She's on Aurelia's mind as much as Neville is. Speaking of Neville, he seems to be the only thing dampening her mood but by no fault of his own, Aurelia's just kind of jealous. She's never realised how easily jealous she gets until today, she really shouldn't be jealous considering she fancies to other people besides Neville. Hannah likes Neville, Aurelia had realised this at breakfast, and Neville likes Hannah. And so, Aurelia despite being positively delighted about the new arrivals can't stop this wee tidbit of information from dampening her mood. Aurelia's been all smiles and bouncing around all day except for when that would cross her mind. Then her bright smile would falter and the spring in her step would turn into a trudge; Neville's been noticing this pattern all day. As they wait for the two schools to arrive, Neville finally asks: "What's wrong?" "Huh? What? Nothin's wrong!" Aurelia replies quickly as she tears her gaze away from the sky, "What're ye askin' for?" "You're frowning." He says. "Oh." Well, shit! I ain't about to tell him I've big, huge crush on him! That's totally out of the question — well, fuck! "Oh, well . . . Ye see I . . . I met a girl at the Quidditch World Cup and . . ." Are you actually going to come out to him instead of telling him you've got feelings for him?! Ha, you bet I am! "I was hoping that she'll be coming along with the Durmstrang students." She says nervously. "Okay?" "Well, I — I liker her . . . I like girls like you like girls . . . I find them cute the way you find Hannah cute." Aurelia explains. Neville frowns. Great, somehow his chances of getting with her got even smaller. Merlin, why is it always me? "You like girls?" He asks meekly Aurelia nods slowly, asking: "Is there something wrong with that?" She looks down at him, a panicked expression on her face and he quickly pushes aside his moping thoughts to reassure her that there's nothing wrong with liking girls. Except for the fact he's not a girl. "No, nothing at all! There's nothing wrong with loving someone!" Aurelia sighs relieved, it feels like a weight has been lifted off her shoulders. She never thought that coming out, even to just one person, would make her feel so free. "So, how long have you known you liked girls?" He wonders, more like how long has he not only been making her uncomfortable but making a fool of himself by trying to show that he like-liked her. "I was actually really young, it was probably after my disastrous crush on, Roseburke. They were twins, a girl and a boy. I was absolutely smitten with them but my crush lasted much longer on the girl though." Aurelia replies. "Wait, so you all — also like boys?" Aurelia nods and Neville grins goofily. Okay, so he does have a very slim chance of being with her one day! "Wait — what about, Hannah?!" Merlin, Ari's got a crush on Hannah! "You faaannncy her!" Aurelia teases, her hair an odd shade of green. I don't fancy Hannah! Neville thinks absolutely flabbergasted, he opens his mouth but he's so shocked — Hannah? Really? Where on Earth did she get that idea?! Two Slytherins push past them to get a better view of the sky. "An excuse me would be nice." Aurelia says sarcastically. The one Slytherin — Pansy Parkinson, turns around and sneers, jeering: "A 'sorry for betraying my friends and family' would be nice." Pansy Parkinson's a mean-spirited girl that likes to taunt and bully students including Aurelia, but Neville's come to notice that Pansy's got a different way of bullying Aurelia. It's never too harsh, he's seen Draco treat Aurelia worse, there's an almost edge of playfulness to her taunting when it comes to Aurelia. Aurelia's told him before that Pansy and her used to be best friends, when no one wanted Pansy around, Aurelia would be there. Aurelia had always treated Pansy nicely and even though Aurelia's now a Hufflepuff and Blood-Traitor, it seems that Pansy still respects Aurelia to a certain degree. And the feeling is mutual as Aurelia seems to hold a certain amount of respect for Pansy — on most days, at least. The other Slytherin is known to Neville as 'All Knowing Abigale' a fourth-year that has a knack for predicting the future. From what he's heard, it's just little snippets and nothing useful but it's amusing all the same. Abigale grins brightly at Neville and Aurelia, ignoring the tension between them. "So, this is Malfoy? The one you told me? She's a lot prettier than you described, Pans." Abigale remarks. Pansy goes pink, hissing: "Shut up, Abby!" Neville glances at Aurelia, who's turned a noticeable red colour. He watches as she tries to give Pansy a teasing smile but fails miserably. "So — uh — uh, how do you think the schools are going to get here?" Aurelia squeaks out. Abigale grins wider "Mhm, aren't you a cutie-pie." Neville narrows his eyes, jealous. Pansy's brown eyes flash dangerously as she tugs on Abigale's sleeve. "To answer, carriage and boat. Not sure which school is which but they should be here any minute now." Abigale replies, smiling knowingly as she allows Pansy to drag her away. "She's pretty." Aurelia breathes out. Neville's stomach twists at the thought of Aurelia having a crush on someone else that isn't him. But, he reckons she's right, Abigale's pretty enough with her long, wavy brown hair, and chocolate brown, doe eyes but she's not as pretty as Aurelia — okay, Neville, you need to tell her now. Neville opens his mouth — just tell her how you feel! What's the worst that can happen? She could hear me? Good Godric just tell her — "Aha, if I'm not mistake the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches." Professor Dumbledore announces. The crowd comes alive with exclamations and guess on what's heading towards them. Neville looks up at the sky, too dejected by the fact that he hadn't told Aurelia how he felt to be really interested in the approaching school. It turns out to be a very, very large carriage like Abigale had said. A very large woman steps out of the carriage and greets Professor Dumbledore — she must be the Headmaster, a group of girls and boys in thin-looking, blue uniforms step out after her. Aurelia turns to Neville, her blue eyes gleaming as she excitedly exclaims: "Friends!" Neville smiles "If you can speak French that is." "Oh, I can! Mum taught Draco and I when we were young!" "Well, then you're going to have lots of friends!" "Oooh, I hope so!" "I know so." Neville says, "They'll trample over each other to be friends with someone as lovely as you." Aurelia blushes, then her nose scrunches up in annoyance as a low rumbling sound invades her ears. The two share cautious looks as the sound grows louder. "The lake! Look at the lake!" Lee shouts. They do and sure enough a boat emerges from the waves; Durmstrang has arrived. Once the massive boat's been anchored in the Headmaster of Durmstrange comes forth to greet Professor Dumbledore. His students follow after him and among them Aurelia spots Noelle. Aurelia grabs Neville's arm and discreetly points at her "That's the girl I was talkin' about! That's Noelle!" Neville spots the girl and all he can think is that he's bloody intimidated. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia hands back Neville's jumper that he had given to her when they had been standing out in the cold. Now that she's inside eating dinner after Dumbledore had given his welcoming speech, she no longer needs it. "Thank you." Aurelia says. "It's no problem." He replies, taking the jumper from her and tying around his waist. A first-year sighs sadly next to Aurelia, she turns to him and smiles kindly "What's wrong, kid?" He looks up at her, surprised "Oh, well . . . I like my milk warm and it's alway cold here, I . . . It reminds me of home, y'know." Aurelia smiles softly "I gotta spell for heating things up." He looks even more surprised. Aurelia pulls out her spell book from her cardigan pocket. Real magic is that it fits in there without any spell. "It's a very temperamental spell — full pun intended — so it might make your milk too hot. It's not the best spell I've made —" You can make spells already?" He asks in awe "Somewhat. But, I've been doing this since before Hogwarts." Aurelia says, pointing her wand at the boy's goblet of milk and casting the spell. "Wow! Thanks! I'm Dennis — Dennis Creevy, by the way!" "I'm —" "Aurelia Black." A familiar German accent cuts in, "Ve meet again." Aurelia looks up and smiles "Noelle!" "Hello, Aurelia. I spotted you across the hall and zought I should come say 'hi' — are you doing school vork at the dinner taple?" Noelle asks, peering at the black book in Aurelia's hand with her signed name on it. "Oh, n — no! I was just hel — helping Dennis with his milk . . . Uh, how are you? I — I'm so hap — happy to see you!" Aurelia stammers, flustered. Neville scowls and busies himself with his dinner. "How nice of you. I'm happy to zee you as vell, Aurelia. I vas quite exided ven ze announced zat our school vould be uniding for zis tournament because that meant I could zee you." Aurelia blushes. "Vell, I must get back before Karkaroff notices I've vandered off. I'll zee you around, pretty girl." Noelle says, sauntering back to the Slytherin table where the rest of the Durmstrang students sit. Moments later the feast comes to an end and Professor Dumbledore gets to his feet, announcing: "The moment has come at last, the Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to give some words of explanation before we bring in the casket." Well, that doesn't sound morbid at all." Aurelia mutters sarcastically, Dennis hears her and giggles. Aurelia pays little attention to his speech, she's got no reason to as she can't enter the tournament. Not that she would want to if she could. Professor Dumbeldore asks Mr. Filch to bring in the casket which he does and then he continues on explaining. Aurelia leans her head on Neville's shoulder, only half-listening to what's being said. The only thing that catches her attention is the actual Goblet of Fire and that's because it's blue and looked cool. "Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write their name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet. Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put their names forward. Tomorrow night the goblet will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy to represent their schools. The goblet will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where it will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete. To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation, I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross this line." Professor Dumbledore explains. "Or you could just cancel the tournament all together." Aurelia mutters. "Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that this tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obliged to see the tournament through to the end. The placing of your name in the goblet constitutes a binding, magical contract." That doesn't sound good at all, Aurelia thinks as she shudders. "Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all." He finishes his speech with a light tone. With that students start clambering out of the Great Hall. As Aurelia walks beside Neville, she can hear Fred and George complaining about the age line and Hermione scolding them for it. Fred pushes his way between Aurelia and Neville, slinging his arm around her shoulder as he asks: "What about you, Blue? Are you going to try and enter?" "Ugh, as if!" She groans, "I'd fuckin' die if I got in. I don't want anythin' to do with that bloody tournament. It's too dangerous for me!" Suit yourself." Fred says, retracting his arm from around her shoulder and turning back to his brother. "Besides, I'm not worthy enough, the Goblet'd never pick me. Aurelia sighs. Neville shakes his head "That's not true, you're very worthy." The comment and the sweet smile on his face leaves Aurelia positively giddy for the rest of the night.
SHE WAKES UP, SWEATING PROFUSELY AS SCREAM TEARS from her lips. Gwen's going to kill me! Gwen's going to kill me — I'm going to die! I'm — Her whole body feels like it's on fire but not in a painful way, her muscles are tensed up — I'm in danger — I'm in — A pillow hits her square in the face, startling her but dragging her out of her panicked stupor because there had been no pillows before. It's just a nightmare, she realises, her body cools down significantly as she lets out a sigh of relief. Gwendoline Goyle's not here and she can't hurt her. "Why are you bloody screaming?" Hannah asks annoyed. Aurelia glances at her "Sorry, bad dream." Hannah raises her eyebrows, huffing. "I'm fine, go back to sleep." Without hesitation, Hannah buries her head under her covers once more. Aurelia glances around the dorm, unsurprisingly Olivia had slept through her scream; Olivia can sleep through anything, she swears on it. Aurelia's surprised to see that Susan hadn't woken up; Susan Bones never sleeps. That statement is only slightly exaggerated, Susan sleeps very little, she's the last to go to sleep and the first to wake up, when she does sleep, Susan's a very, very light sleeper. She crawls out of bed and heads for the bathrooms, as she passes by Susan's bed, she hears a mumble of: "You alright, Blue?" Aurelia lets out a startled gasp, though she shouldn't have been surprised that Susan's awake, she's still on edge because of that bloody nightmare. Unsure if her screaming woke Susan up or not, Aurelia says: "Oh, sorry, Suse! I —" "I've been up since four. No worries, Blue." Susan waves her off, tucking her blankets under her chin as she stares up at Aurelia, "I just got up to use the loo a few minutes ago, I saw you tossin' and turnin' but you do that a lot so I didn't say nothin'. I saw Diggory sittin' by the fire when I passed." "Oh, okay." Aurelia says, nodding as she slips out of the dorm and down the hallway to the bathrooms. She's in definite need of a shower after that nightmare. Her pale, freckled skin is glistening with sweat and it kinda makes her looks like she's dying. She fees like she's dying, not psychically but mentally. The cool water against her heated skin feels good, she rubs the scrub brush up her left arm and to her shoulder the one where her sun-shaped birthmark resides, as it brushes the mark, burning jolt rubs up and down her arm, her entire body feels like it's been engulfed in flames — DANGER! Her brain screams — DANGER! Aurelia blinks, she's not in danger. Why does she think she's in peril danger when she's in the bloody shower? There's no danger here. The burning sensation dissipates immediately and Aurelia continues showering without another thought. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Like Susan had said, Cedric had been sitting in an armchair by the fire. When Aurelia had come down and greeted him, he had just stared at the fire like it had murdered his entire family, she knew that look all too well. There had been a piece of parchment in his hand, which he had been debating whether or not he wanted to put it in the Goblet of Fire. And Aurelia had managed to convince him to do it with opposite intentions. So now, Aurelia's scrambling after Cedric who's practically strutting his way to the Great Hall, oozing more confidence than usual, an excited smirk plastered on his handsome features. Just because she wholeheartedly believed he would win the tournament if he was chosen does not mean she wants him to enter. Does he not comprehend how damn dangerous the Triwizard Tournament is? Entering the Great Hall, Aurelia's greeted by the sight of Noelle about to put her name in the goblet. "Hey, Noelle!" Aurelia calls out, growing flustered. Noelle almost drops the parchment in her hands but she quickly recovers. She glances over her shoulder, an almost malicious smirk takes over her intimidating but pretty features "Hello, Aurelia." "Good morning, Noelle!" Aurelia says as she blushes furiously, "Entering are you?" Noelle's shark-like grin widens "Oh, yes. I am." "Well, er, good luck." "Oh, I won't need it." Noelle says, bringing a new air of confidence to the already confident girl. Aurelia giggles. Noelle stares intensely into Aurelia's eyes as she drops the parchment into the goblet. "Well, zee you later, pretty girl." Noelle says, winking as she departs from the Great Hall. "Wow." Aurelia says breathlessly, not even noticing Cedric stepping up and placing his name in the Goblet of Fire. Noelle's so pretty. "Hmm, Neville's better." Cedric remarks, ruffling her hair. "Well, Neville doesn't like me like that. Noelle, I'm pretty sure, does." "Since when have you been fancying girls? Isn't that Liv's thing?" Aurelia's eyes widen in alarm, she may have told Neville but she's not quite ready to tell more people, she looks around the Great Hall for a distraction. "Since when have you — uh — oh, shit — since when have you liked — NEVILLE!" Neville's tired, round face enters the Great Hall and Aurelia runs for him leaving behind a very confused Cedric who had only asked a simple question. "PLANT BOY!" Neville's engulfed in a hug before he even knows that Aurelia had been charging towards him. "Good morning, sunshine!" Aurelia says cheerily. Neville wishes that the 'sunshine' nickname doesn't make his heart flutter as much as it does. Cedric watches the two of them fondly before rolling his eyes "'Neville doesn't like me!' she says." he mutters, the look on Neville's face says otherwise. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "That's the seventh Durmstrang kid." Aurelia says to Neville, "They're a bunch of daring bastards, ain't they?" The pair had been sitting in the Great Hall for hours, chatting and watching the students placing their names in the Goblet of Fire. "Would you put your name in there?" Neville asks, peeling an orange. "No." Aurelia replies, popping a raspberry into her mouth, "I've read so many horror stories about this tournament, the reward isn't worth it." Neville nods, biting into an orange slice. "What about you, Plant Boy? Would you enter?" He snorts quietly then shakes his head. "Noelle entered, so did Cedric. And, I'm bloody certain Elliot's going to enter whenever the hell he wakes up." Aurelia says, shuddering. Neville rolls his eyes at the mention of Noelle, chewing an orange slice aggressively. "I hate this tournament." Aurelia says bitterly. "It hasn't even started yet but I'm sure it'll be over before we know it." Neville reassures. "Anyone entered yet?" Ron questions as he, Harry, and Hermione take a seat at the table. "Good morning to you too." Aurelia says as she rolls her eyes, "Pretty sure all the Durmstrang lot has. As for Hogwarts, I've only seen Cedric enter." "Bet some of them put it in last night after we'd all gone to bed, I would've if it had been me . . . Wouldn't have wanted everyone watching. What if the goblet just gobbed you right back out again?" Harry comments. "That's not how it works. The goblet takes all the names put into it and when the time comes it chooses the names it deems most worthy." Aurelia explains. Harry and Ron stare at her bewildered as it's usually Hermione who spits out information like that. "What? I read all about the tournament last year because Professor Binns recommended it to me since I was so far ahead in the class." Aurelia says, shamelessly bragging that she's top of the History of Magic class. Hermione and Draco are usually the top students in classes but when it comes to History of Magic, it's Aurelia's time to shine, and Aurelia doesn't let anyone forget that. It's nice to finally be better than her brother for once. Laughter echoes around the Great Hall as Fred, George, Lee, and Elliot come running in. She rolls her eyes, immediately knowing that they've found a way to enter. Whatever they've got planned, Elliot doesn't need it as he had just turned seventeen five days prior to this. Elliot brushes his shaggy hair out of his face, he grins smugly as he steps up to the goblet and drops his name in it. "Done it." Fred tells them as he grins triumphantly, "Just taken it!" "What?" Ron asks. "Aging Potion, dung brain." Fred replies. "One drop each. We only need to be a few months older." George adds, rubbing his hands together with glee. "We're going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins." Lee says, grinning broadly. "I'm not sure this is going to work, you know, I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of this." Hermione warns them. The three boys ignore her. "Ready?" Fred asks George and Lee, quivering with excitement as he pulls out a piece of parchment out of his pocket. He steps over the line an nothing happens, so George lets out a victorious cry as he jumps over the line as well. Then a sizzling sound can be heard and both of them are thrown back over the line with brutal force. They land on the stone cold floor ten feet away, both sporting long white beards. "Oooh, damn!" Aurelia wheezes, laughing. She wishes she hadn't forgotten her camera in her dorm. Professor Dumbledore enters the Great Hall, surveying the twins with an amused expression as he tells them to go see Madam Pomfrey. Aurelia turns back to Neville and tells him: "I'm gonna go down to the Quidditch pitch, get some practice for next year. Y'know for when the game's not cancelled for a stupid reason such as the Diewizard Tournament." "Can I come with you?" He asks. Her eyebrows furrow together in confusion "Why? I'm sure you have more important, entertaining things to do." He shakes his head quickly — he's got a Potion's essay that's due Monday — "No, I've got nothing." "You'll be bored." He shakes his head again "Not at all!" She raises an eyebrow "Ye really wanna sit an' watch me fly 'round an empty Quidditch pitch?" "Sure!" "But, why?" "Because it's fun. I like watching you fly and I like spending time with you." "O — oh. Okay." Aurelia stutters, blushing. Neville grabs Aurelia's hand and they head for the Quidditch pitch. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The Quidditch pitch isn't as empty as Aurelia had expected it to be. It's not full by any means but there's two more people here than she had been counting on. It's Viktor Krum and the Headmaster of Durmstrang; Viktor's practicing as well. Aurelia internally screams. She's not his biggest fan by any means but he's still famous. Not to mention, he's an amazing Seeker. She can't practice now, there's no way she's going to fly in front of Viktor bloody Krum and make a fool of herself as she's nowhere near as good as he is. Aurelia's eyes are wide as he glances between Aurelia and Krum "Is that . . .?" She nods quickly "May — maybe we should —" "What are you two doing here?!" The Headmaster demands harshly, pointing at the two of them. Neville gulps loudly and Aurelia clutches the broom she had grabbed from the locker room to her chest. "This is our school?" Aurelia says meekly and when the Headmaster's glare hardens, she regrets letting her snarky-ish comment be said aloud. "Uh — well, you see — well, we were just co — coming down here t — to pratice." Aurelia stammers. The Headmaster sneers at them "Viktor does not have time for fans." Viktor Krum lands on the ground gracefully and Aurelia almost swoons. Not because she finds Krum attractive or anything but because his landing had been so smooth, she wishes her landings could be that smooth. "Vot is going on, Karkaroff? Are these fans?" You have no time for fans, Viktor. You must practice." Karkaroff says. "There are only two, it von't take long." Krum says. "We — we're not here for a — a — autographs, hon — honest. I was just comin' down here to practice flying and he was comin' along to watch. We didn't know that anyone w — would be here." Aurelia stammers nervously, Karkaroff's an intimidating bloke and Viktor bloody Krum's standing right in front of her. "You play Quidditch?" Krum questions, looking her over. Aurelia nods, picking at her Quidditch sweater nervously. "Vot position do you play?" "S — Seeker." "Vould you like to practice vith me?" Aurelia blinks "You want me to practice with you?" Krum nods. Uh, holy shit! "O — okay." Aurelia agrees. "How long haff you been a Seeker?" "A year now. I was a Keeper before that but, Ced — my cap — captain said I made a better Seeker. I had a habit of screamin' when I saw the Snitch before he did, I think he mostly made me Seeker just so he wouldn't have to hear me scream no more." Aurelia rambles. "You haff the perfect build for a Seeker. So you haff only been flying for a year now?" "Oh, no! I've been flyin' since I was a wee thin'. About three, my brother and I had little broom we used to play on. I got my first real broom when I was seven." "So you haff had lots of practice?" "I guess." Aurelia replies, shrugging her shoulders. Krum grins lightly, turning to Karkaroff "I vill practice vith her. It vill be more of a challenge than vith only myself." Karkaroff gives Aurelia a look that can only be read as 'Her? A Challenge? Ha!' but he nods his head, saying: "If that is what you want, Viktor." Krum nods. Aurelia glances at Neville, grinning widely; Viktor fucking Krum wants to practice with her. Wow. The two mount their brooms and Karkaroff releases the Snitch into the pitch and they take off. Both her and Viktor seems to have their eyes on the Snitch as they race across the field. They stretch their hands out for the Snitch, Aurelia's graze the golden surface of the ball but she's not close enough to catch it. The Snitch suddenly shoots upwards, the action happens so suddenly Aurelia almost misses it and Krum misses it completely. Aurelia shoots upwards after the Snitch, it takes Krum a few seconds to realise the Snitch was no longer in front of him and then he's shooting after her. She reaches out her hand — almost, almost, almost — her slender fingers latch around the golden ball — got it! Her eyes widen in realisation, she beat Viktor bloody Krum! Holy shit! "I — I got it?" Aurelia announces. She actually caught the Snitch before the professional, famous Quidditch player! Wow, so maybe she's better at this than she thought? She lands on the ground, the Snitch clutched tightly in her hand as she internally screams. Aurelia waves the golden ball in the air to show Neville, who grins brightly at her and lets out a little cheer of: "Whoo! That's my Sunflower Girl!" Krum lands beside her, he holds out his hand to shake "Vell done . . . I never caught your name?" "I'm Aurelia Black, what's yours?" She says — you dumb bitch! "Oh — I — sorry, force o' habit!" Aurelia stammers, cheeks going red with embarrassment. However, Krum grins brightly "I am Viktor Krum. It is nice to meet you." It's probably not often, he's asked his name, he must like the normalcy of the gesture, she thinks. Either that or he's just going along with it to save her the embarrassment. "So, O-rah-lee-yah —" Aurelia snickers loudly but then her eyes widen "Oh, I'm so sorry! It's just that — well, that's not how you pronounce my name." "It is not?" Viktor questions, thick eyebrows furrowing together in confusion. She shakes her head "No. That's okay though, my name's real hard to pronounce. Even my parents pronounced it wrong at times and they were the ones that picked it! It's like 'Ah-rail-yah' or it can be also be pronounced like 'Ah-rail-lee-yah'. That's how Nev pronounces it but — uh, most o' my friends call me, Blue." Aurelia prefers the way Neville says her name; it sounds nicer. "So I can call you, Blue, like the colour?" Aurelia nods turning her brunette curls, blue. "Yep, exactly like the colour! Sorry for laughin' at ye like that. 'Nother force o' habit of mine, I find it real funny when people pronounce my name wrong, I laugh at everyone, if it helps." It does! Viktor sounds incredibly giddy as he says this but then Aurelia realises he hadn't opened his mouth to speak, he had only thought it. She blinks, clearing her mind to the best of the ability, she really needs to stop doing that. She really needs to find a way to control it but the only person she can think to ask is Snape, and, well . . . She's not really sure if she's that desperate yet. She can learn this on her own . . . She hopes. "Vell, Blue, care for another round?" Viktor questions. Aurelia looks to Neville, who nods as he lifts up a Herbology book. She turns back to Viktor, nodding "Sure thing!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "YOU ASKED VIKTOR KRUM WHAT HIS BLOODY NAME WAS!" Ron exclaims flabbergasted. Aurelia blushes "Leave me alone, Ronald!" "Did you at least get his autograph?!" Ron demands to which Aurelia shakes her head, earning an exasperated groan from him. "I didn't have anything for him to sign! Plus I was way too busy gettin' my ass kicked by Viktor!" "You won twice!" Neville cuts in. "Yeah, but, Viktor won the other seven times!" "You still did amazing! Viktor Krum says so himself." Neville reminds, grinning at her with pride. Aurelia blushes "I could've done better." "Wait, so does this mean you're friends with Viktor Krum?!" Ron questions. "Yeah, I guess it does." Aurelia replies with a grin, "Viktor, Nev, and I are goin' to get Butterbeer when the first trip to Hogsmeade comes around. Viktor's never had Butterbeer before, can ye believe it?!" Ron who had been about to sit down at the Gryffindor table misses the bench by an inch and falls right on his arse. "What?!" Ron splutters. "I know! I was so surprised that he's never had —" "No!" Ron croaks out, "I — you're going to Hogsmeade with Viktor Krum?!" "It's not a big deal — okay, it is! I'm friends with Viktor fuckin' Krum!" Hermione rolls her eyes at the two of them, Fred and George plop down across from the lot of them, instantly changing the subject as Fred says: "I hope it's Angelina!" "So do I! We'll know soon!" Hermione says. Aurelia glares at the Goblet of Fire, she doesn't want anyone to be chosen, she wants the bloody tournament to be cancelled. She piles some mashed potatoes, smoked ham, and peas onto her plate and digs in. The feast seems to pass by quicker than the last, much to Aurelia's dismay, and soon enough the plates are cleared and Professor Dumbledore's gotten to his feet. "Well, I do believe the goblet is almost ready to make its decision, I estimate it requires another moment or too." Aurelia groans, burying her face in her hands. Please just cancel it before it begins, that's the smartest decision you can make when it comes to this tournament. "Now, when a champion's name is chosen, I would ask them please to come up to the top of the Hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber where they will be receiving their first instructions." Professor Dumbledore explains. Using his wand, he extinguishes the candles in the Great Hall save for the ones in the carved pumpkins and the flames of the Goblet of Fire. "Any second now." Lee whispers from the seat across of Aurelia. She glances at the goblet which suddenly turns red as the flames spit up a charred piece of parchment. Professor Dumbledore grabs it and announces: "The champion of Durmstrang will be Viktor Krum!" The Great Hall bursts into applause. "No surprise there!" Ron cries out. Viktor walks up to the staff table and follows it along until he reaches the side chamber and disappears through the door. The applause dies down soon afterward and then seconds later the goblet turns red again, shooting out the second champion's name. "The champion for Beauxbatons is Fleur Delacour!" The Great Hall bursts into applause yet again. The Hogwarts champion is next, Aurelia thinks, oh, shit, please don't be Cedric! Please don't be Cedric. She knows it's rude of her to wish for this as Cedric's so excited for this tournament but Aurelia really can't help it. The Goblet of Fire turns red for the third and last time. Please, please, please. "The Hogwarts champion is Cedric Diggory!" "Oh, no!" Aurelia mutters worriedly. She frowns, she wants to cheer for Cedric because he deserves support but she's so bloody worried about him. Everyone at the Hufflepuff table jumps to their feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric makes his way past them, grinning broadly, as he heads toward the chamber behind the staff table. The cheering of the Hufflepuffs lasts longer than the cheering for the other schools but finally it dies down and Professor Dumbledore begins to speak: "Well, we now have our three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering your champion on, you will contribute in a very real —" He stops speaking, distracted by the Goblet of Fire which had turned red again. "Oh, no!" Aurelia gasps, this can't be happening! There's only supposed to be three champions! Aurelia's filled with dread as a fourth name is spit up from the goblet. No. No. No. Professor Dumbledore reaches out and grabs it, there's a long pause as he stares at it. It's Harry. Somehow it's got to be Harry. It's always Harry. Aurelia bites her nails nervously, waiting for the Headmaster to read the name but before he can the goblet turns red and spits up a fifth name. Professor Dumbledore reaches out and grabs that, without tearing his gaze from the other piece of parchment. Whose names are those? One of them's got to be Harry's! Aurelia's mind is racing and her heart is hammering, this isn't supposed to be happening. There's never, ever been more than three champions picked before. There's a long, terrible pause before Professor Dumbledore clears his throat, announcing: "Harry Potter and . . . Aurelia Black!" It feels like someone had stomped hard on her chest, knocking all the air from her lungs "Oh, fuck!"
HER HEART SEEMS TO HAVE DROPPED INTO her stomach. No, the world is spinning around her, no! This kind of thing doesn't happen to her, no, this is something that happens to Harry bloody Potter. No, she must be hallucinating, he can't have called her name. Aurelia opens her mouth to deny it but all that comes out is a strangled wheeze. No, she can't be a Triwizard champion, no, she'll die in this thing, she's not cut out for this. She doesn't want this. Tears burn her eyes. Both Professor McGonagall and Professor Sprout leap to their feet to whisper something in Professor Dumbledore's ear. This is actually happening, it shouldn't but it is. Fuck, her worst nightmare is happening, no, Merlin, why me? "N — n — no." Aurelia whimpers hoarsely, covering her mouth with a trembling hand. "Ari?" Neville whispers fearfully as he stares at her with wide eyes. She shakes her head quickly, hot tears rolling down her cheeks. She's not meant for this, she's not — oh, Merlin! She's going to die, she doesn't want to die! A horrible, panicky feeling builds in the pit of her stomach and a fiery hot feeling ignites in every fibre of her being. She doesn't want this, it's too dangerous, she's not cut out for this! Aurelia inhales a shuddering breath, the room seems to be spinning more violently now. Why is this happening to her?! "Harry Potter! Aurelia Black!" Dumbledore calls out again, "Harry, Aurelia! Up here if you please!" Aurelia shakes her head so violently she makes herself even dizzier "No, I — I don't please, I — I d — don't wanna go — go up there! I did — didn't put my name in that da — damn gob — g — goblet!" She can hardly breathe, she keeps shaking her head even as Harry gets to his feet and slowly heads to the top of the hall, looking way too calm for what just happened. "Aurelia Black." Dumbledore calls again. Aurelia refuses "I did — I didn't put my name in th — that thing!" she says shrilly through gasps for breath. Now, most of the students had taken their eyes off Harry and placed them on her. Aurelia feels like she's going to be sick, her head is throbbing and her body is tensed up and it feels like her body is on fire — I can't be in this tournament, I'll die a painful, horrible death! I'm not strong enough for this! Neville places his hands on her shoulders, softly saying: "Ari, you've got to go up there, how else are they going to get you and Harry out of this mess?" That's the problem, her and Harry won't be able to get out of this mess, once a name's been spit out by the goblet they're stuck in the tournament to the end. In other words, Aurelia's totally fucked. She's still struggling to breathe as Professor Dumbledore calls her name for a third time. "I — I — I didn't put m — m — my name in — in that gob — goblet." "I know, I know." Neville soothes, "But, you've got to go with the other champions. We — we can wa — walk up there together if that'll make you feel better?" Aurelia knows that at this point, nothing'll make her feel better. She's just been entered into the Triwizard Tournament not only against the rules but against her will, she's doomed! She nods her head and Neville grabs her hand as he helps her stand up. Aurelia's terrified; she can't do this! By the time they reach the side chamber's door, Harry had just disappeared through it. Professor Sprout stops Neville from going down, saying only champions can go down there. Aurelia's stomach lurches, she can't do this without Neville. She doesn't want to go down there alone. "I'll wait for you." Neville promises. This doesn't settle her nerves even though she knows he will. Descending the stairs, Aurelia can no longer hold back her tears. Surely, this can't be happening to me? How on Earth did Harry look so calm about this whole thing? Is he just internally panicking or is she just weak? As she comes to the stop at the bottom of the stairs, Aurelia hears Fleur Delacour asking Harry: "Do zey want us back in ze hall?" Aurelia truly wishes that's the real reason why her and Harry had to come down here, to go and fetch the champions but it's not; they're the bloody champions — well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw! She sniffles and Cedric's gaze lands on her "Blue, what's going on? What's happened?" "Something that's not supposed to happen!" Aurelia sobs as her hair turns white, "We were — weren't supposed to be chosen! This is — is supposed to be the TRIwizard Tournament not the FIVEwizard Tournament!" Before Cedric can question exactly what Aurelia means, there's the sound of scurrying feet and Ludo Bagman exclaiming: " Extraordinary!" Bagman grabs Harry and Aurelia's arm but she rips herself from his grasp, he doesn't seem to mind as he squeezes Harry's arm "Absolutely extraordinary! Gentlemen . . . Lady, may I introduce — incredible though it may seem — the fourth tri — and fifth Triwizard champion?" Viktor Krum straightens up, his surly face darkened as he surveys Harry and Aurelia. Cedric looks positively nonplussed, he looks from Bagman to Harry and Aurelia then back again as though he must've misheard what Bagman had said. Fleur Delacour, however, tosses her hair, smiling as she says: "Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman." "Joke? No, no, not at all! Harry's n — and Black's name just came out of the Goblet of Fire!" Bagman says, bewildered. "It's Aurelia, asshole." She mutters under her breath, "And technically it is a joke because neither of us put our damned names in that goblet! Someone else did, we're far too young!" Viktor's thick eyebrows contracted slightly, Cedric's still looking positively surprised, and Fleur frowns — the only one who obviously sees the problem here! "But evidently zair 'as been a mistake," Fleur says contemptuously, " Zey cannot compete. Zey are too young." "Ex — exactly! There's been a mistake, she's right! You can't let — let us compete, we're too young! We're children!" Aurelia exclaims, face turning red as she grows increasingly frustrated. Why does no one understand that she doesn't want this?! "Well . . . It is amazing," Bagman says, as he rubs his smooth chin and smiles down at Harry, "But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. And as his — their names did come out of the goblet . . . I mean, I don't think there can be any ducking out at this stage. . . . It's down in the rules, they're obliged . . . Harry will just have to do the best he —" "I DON'T FUCKING WANT THIS!" Aurelia screams, drawing the attention of everyone in the room and those entering it, "I DIDN'T PUT MY NAME IN THE GOBLET!" Her hair turns red in anger "I'm just a child! I can't — I can't do this! I'm not prepared for this, I didn't choose this, someone put my name in that goblet without my permission and I sh — shouldn't have to pay for that! I'm sure Harry feels the way. I mean come the fuck on, he's Harry fuckin' Potter, he definitely didn't put his name in that goblet! He's a fuckin' trouble magnet, Voldemort probably put his name in that goblet somehow, it wouldn't be the first time he got into Hogwarts undetected. Neither of us put our fuckin' names in the goblet!" Professor Dumbledore comes down the stairs, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, Professor Sprout, Professor Snape and Lyra. "Madame Maxime!" Fleur says at once, striding over to her headmistress, "Zey are saying zat zee little children are to compete also!" "I'm almost taller than ye?" Aurelia mutters under breath, "We don't want to compete, is anyone fuckin' listenin' to me?! Merlin's beard! I don't fuckin' want this!" "What is ze meaning of zis, Dumbly-dorr?" Madam Maxime says imperiously. "I'd rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore. Three Hogwarts champions? I don't remember anyone telling me the host school is allowed three champions — or have I not read the rules carefully enough?" Professor Karkaroff says, letting out a short and nasty laugh. "There isn't!" Aurelia cries shrilly, "There's only supposed to be one champion each, my name — our names shouldn't've come out of it! There's been a ter — terrible mistake!" She rushes over to Professor Sprout, tearfully crying: "You — you can't let us com — compete! We didn't p — put our names in! We — we're just children, we — we can't do this." "C'est impossible, 'Ogwarts cannot 'ave two champions. It is most injust." Madam Maxime says. "We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore." Professor Karkaroff says, his steely gaze colder than ever, "Otherwise, we would, of course, have brought along a wider selection of candidates from our own schools." "It's no one's fault but Potter's, Karkaroff!" Professor Snape says softly, his black eyes were alight with malice, "Don't go blaming Dumbledore for Potter's determination to break rules. He has been crossing lines ever since he arrived here —" "Please Snape! Potter's not smart enough to get across the age line on his own — no offense, Potter, the real culprit is Aurelia. Her entire family is full of Death-Eaters, she found away across the line, somehow, to get Potter's name in there to get him killed, of course, then threw in her name for good measure. To make sure she's not a suspect. You can drop the act now, Aurelia —" Lyra hisses, glaring daggers at Aurelia. Aurelia cowers under her aunt's lethal gaze. "Thank you, Severus, Lyra." Dumbledore says firmly effectively shutting them up. He looks down at Aurelia and Harry, asking: "Did either of you put your name in the Goblet of Fire?" They both shake their heads "No." Harry says earning a snort of impatient disbelief from Professor Snape. "No, sir." Aurelia says, from the corner of her eye she sees Lyra roll her eyes. "Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you?" Dumbledore asks. "No!" Harry insists. "Wait — wait, you mean you made an age restriction but you didn't think to do something from stopping older students putting in names for younger students?" Aurelia asks in complete disbelief, "Do you know how fucked that is! Do you know how many older students hate me — Roseburke! Warrington! Aldridge! — and do you know how many older students hate Harry! Most of these students come from Death-Eater families and they didn't have an age restriction to worry about!: Warrington! Wilkes! Wiltmire! I didn't ask an older student to put my name in but for all we fuckin' know, they could've done it without my permission! Same goes with Harry!" Aurelia exclaims, her chest heaving up and down quickly with every breath she takes. "Ah! Of course zey are lying!" Madam Maxime cries angrily. "Listen, lady —" Aurelia begins to snap but she's cut off my Professor McGonagall. "They could not have crossed the Age Line!" Professor McGonagall says sharply. "I am sure we are all agreed on that —" "Dumbly-dorr must 'ave made a mistake wiz ze line," Madame Maxime counters, shrugging. "It is possible, of course." Dumbledore says politely. "Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake!" Professor Sprout exclaims, patting Aurelia's back as she lets out little shaky sobs here and there. "Really, what nonsense! Harry nor Aurelia could not have crossed the line themselves, and as Professor Dumbledore believes that they did not persuade an older student to do it for them, I'm sure that should be good enough for everybody else!" McGonagall says angrily, shooting Lyra and Snape dirty looks. "Mr. Crouch . . . Mr. Bagman, you are our — er — objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is most irregular?" Karkaroff questions, uncertainly. "We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament." Mr. Crouch says curtly. Aurelia dissolves into tears — I'm going to fucking die! Professor Sprout pats her shoulder "There, there. Dear, don't cry." She only cries harder. The room bursts into an argument, complete and utter chaos. It only gets worse when Moody steps in. The newest professor accuses Karkaroff of putting Harry's name in the Goblet of Fire, the second person to completely disregard the fact that Aurelia's name had been entered too, the first being Bagman. Karkaroff, to Aurelia's knowledge, could've been a Death-Eater, she remembers her dad mentioning that name once or twice to Mr. and Mrs. Parkinson. But, he had been one of the few to escape an Azkaban sentence, so Aurelia really can't see Karkaroff risking his freedom to have a go at Harry, fourteen years after his 'master' had died. "You could've put Harry's name in the goblet." Aurelia speaks up, "How do we know you're even Moody?" Everyone, including Aurelia misses Moody's eyes flashing dangerously at this remark, Aurelia continues her angry rant through tears: "It wouldn't be the first time we've had Voldemort disguised as a professor. Hell, you could've put my name in the goblet, you seem to really hate me and my family!" Moody glances at Harry with his glass eyes, ignoring as Aurelia as he says: "I don't see Potter complaining." Aurelia narrows her red eyes, this bitch definitely put my name in the goblet. He's got a good motive, that being to stop her from turning out to be as crazy and evil as the rest of her family, there's an eighty percent chance that she'll die in this tournament. But, who put Harry's name in it? Moody, if he really is Moody — there hasn't really been any proof that he's not Moody so she can't really say he's not — wouldn't want Harry Potter of all people in this tournament. "Why should 'e complain?" Fleur Delacour cries out, stamping her foot. "'E 'as ze chance to compete, 'asn't 'e? We 'ave all been 'oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! Ze honor for our schools! A thousand Galleons in prize money — zis is a chance many would die for!" "Mhm, sweetie, not to sound snobby or anythin' but next to Viktor, I'm probably the richest bitch in this entire room. I've got three of the biggest vaults in Gringotts at my disposal." Aurelia says, if she hadn't been crying when she had say that, she would've praised herself for being a sassy little shit but, no, instead she sounds like a sensitive little shit. "Maybe someone's hoping Potter is going to die for it." Moody says. "Did or did my name not get spit up by that goblet? As much as I hate the fact I have to participate in this tournament, I am part of it. And someone could be hopin' that I end up dead too!" Aurelia exclaims, wiping tears from her eyes. The room falls silent for a moment, Aurelia sniffles as she hugs her lanky arms around her waist. Fuck, all she wanted is one — one damn peaceful year at Hogwarts! If she survives this damned tournament, if, she's made up her mind, she's dropping out of Hogwarts! She's had enough of this shit. "We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if he hasn't discovered six plots to murder him before lunchtime." Karkaroff says loudly, "Apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your reasons." "Imagining things, am I?" Moody growls, "Seeing things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy's name in that goblet." "Ah, what evidence is zere of zat?" Madame Maxime questions, throwing up her huge hands. "Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!" Moody say, "It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament. . . . I'm guessing they submitted Potter's name under a fourth school and Black under a fifth, to make sure they were only ones in their category." Aurelia narrows her eyes suspiciously "You seem to know a lot —" "You seem to have given this a great deal of thought, Moody!" Karkaroff remarks coldly, "And a very ingenious theory it is — though of course, I heard you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg, and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock. So you'll understand if we don't take you entirely seriously!" "There are those who'll turn innocent occasions to their advantage!" Moody retorts in a menacing voice, "It's my job to think the way Dark wizards do, Karkaroff — as you ought to remember!" "Alastor!" Dumbledore says warningly, both Karkaroff and Moody fall silent. "How this situation arose, we do not know. It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Cedric, Aurelia, and Harry have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. Therefore, the three will do." Dumbledore says. Aurelia inhales sharply, the room starts spinning again. She won't last a second in this tournament, Merlin, she doesn't want to die "Ah, but Dumbly-dorr —" "My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it." Madame Maxime says nothing, merely glaring, she's not the only one though; everyone except for Bagman looked positively livid. "Well, shall we crack on, then?" Bagman says, rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room, "Got to give our champions their instructions, haven't we? Barty, want to do the honors?" "Yes," Mr. Crouch says, blinking, "Instructions. Yes . . . The first task. The first task is designed to test your daring so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard . . . Very important. . . . The first task will take place on November the twenty-fourth, in front of the other students and the panel of judges. The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tournament. The champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wands. They will receive information about the second task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament, the champions are exempted from end-of-year tests." "Ah, that's great to hear, I've got to compete in a deadly tournament against my will but — hey, ha ha, at least I don't got to do my exams!" Aurelia scoffs sarcastically, rolling her teary eyes. Upon finishing the instructions, Crouch turns to Dumbledore "I think that is all, Albus." Aurelia looks to Professor Sprout, swallowing the lump in her throat "P — professor?" "Yes, dear?" "Can I — I leave now?" Sprout pats her back "In a few minutes, you must wait until you're dismissed." Aurelia sighs tiredly, wiping more tears from her eyes. "Lyra?" Sprout whispers to the younger professor. Lyra raises an eyebrow "Yes, Pomona?" "Go write to Maeve Macleod, Remus Lupin, and . . . I'm sorry to ask this of you but, your sister." Aurelia glances at them, she gets why Professor Sprout wants her aunt to write to her mum and Mae but, Remus? Lyra looks so offended "You want me to write to her? I —" "Do you want her to find out through the paper?" Sprout counters. Lyra scowls then huffs "I doubt, the wretch'll answer any letter from me." "Let her know it's about Aurelia on the envelope and she will." Sprout says, patting Aurelia's back still. Aurelia's somehow even more confused. Her mum's not gonna care if it's about her or not, her mum's hardly contacted her since Aurelia disowned herself from the Malfoys and had taken her mum's maiden name as her own. "No." Lyra says after a moment, her grey eyes shining with unshed tears "I'm not writing to her, she ruined my life, Pomona, and so did —" "That's enough, Lyra, don't write to her then." Sprout says. "I'll let Remus handle the wretch, since —" Lyra cuts herself off, a few tears slide down her cheeks as she shakes her head. "She gets everything." She mutters under her breath then stalks out of the chamber, much to Aurelia's confusion. What's Remus go to do with this? Madam Maxime and Professor Karkaroff leave the chamber, dragging their champions with them. This distracts Aurelia from her pondering as she's once again hit with the realisation that she's a fucking Triwizard champion. She holds back a sob as Dumbledore dismisses, her, Harry, and Cedric. "Harry, Cedric, Aurelia, I suggest you go to bed. I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise." Dumbeldore tells them. Aurelia swallows thickly, bewildered that he could possibly think that she wants to celebrate this. But, she along with Cedric, nods her head. The three of them leave together, venturing back up to the Great Hall which is deserted save for Neville, who perks up when he sees Aurelia. "Ari! Harry! Have they fixed everything?" He questions, stumbling over to them. Harry shakes his head numbly and Aurelia lets out a loud sob, Neville's hopeful expression falters. "W — what happened?" "We've got to compete." Harry says blankly. "Yeah, we've got to compete against each other." Cedric says with a slight smile but Aurelia can't understand how he's smiling at a moment like this. Neville's eyes widen as he looks at Aurelia who's once again dissolved into tears. Harry and Cedric leave her behind with Neville. Aurelia hears Cedric ask Harry how he really got his name in the goblet; Neville pulls her into a tight hug and Harry's response is muffled by Neville's jumper which her ear is pressed against. "Are you alright?" Neville asks, softly stroking her white curls as Aurelia cries into his jumper. Maybe, it's not the best question to ask but, he know's she'd much rather have him ask that than tell her that everything's going to be fine. "This is real fine! Everythin' is fine and nothing is wrong in this world!" Aurelia replies, her tone hysterical. Not the answer he's looking for, he raises an eyebrow "Then why are you having an emotional breakdown?" "I'm not!" She denies shrilly, sobbing loudly yet again. "Ari, do — do you really have to do this?" "Yes!" She wails, body shaking violently as she does so, "Oh, Merlin! I'm not prepared for this! I can't do this, Neville, I'm goin' to die! I'm just a child, I don't know what to do! I can't do this! I can't!" Good God, Aurelia's terrified. "Yes, you can. You're Aurelia Black, and you can do anything! If you can fight off Gwendoline Goyle then you can do this!" Aurelia shakes her head, clinging to him "No, Neville, not this. Not — no. I really can't do this." "You can, I promise, you can do this because you already know so much about this tournament, you've read all about it, it — it's not always the same but sometimes they do pretty similar things, right? You just need to look for clues, look for spells. I — know it's scary but you're not alone. You've got me, you've got Cedric, and Harry. I'll be right by your side, through out this entire thing. You can count on me, Sunflower Girl." Neville reassures her. Aurelia hugs him tightly, crying into his shoulder. "I'm not ready for this!" "I know, none of us were." Neville mumbles, "You don't have to win this thing, Ari, you've just got to survive." "Some — someone put me in there because they want me dead!" Aurelia sobs, "They don't want me to survive, they — they aren't expectin' me to survive." "Then . . . Then, prove them wrong." Aurelia blinks, surprised at this. "What?" Neville turns red "Well, you say they put you in there to hurt you because they think it'll work, so show them that you — that it won't. Show them you can beat this — I know you can, but they don't. Prove them wrong, survive this, hell, win it!" Neville's eyes are wide as he gives her shoulders a little shake of encouragement "You can do this, Ari, you're smart, you're quick, you know how to fight! If anyone can win this tournament, it's you." Aurelia breathes heavily, her eyes wide. He actually thinks I can win this? He actually thinks I can survive this? "Do more than survive; win." He's right. As terrified as she is, as much as she doesn't want anything to do with this tournament, she's got to win — or at least survive it. Someone clearly put her in this tournament with the intentions of watching her be killed, they obviously think that she's weak — and, hey, they might be right but, that's not going to stop her from proving that fucker wrong. "Ye really think I can?" She asks Neville uncertainly. He nods his head, firmly saying: "I know you can."
THE REST OF THE NIGHT IS A complete blur to Aurelia, there's a huge party in the common room when she gets there most of them ignore her in favour for Cedric, some glare at her, her friends try to force her to celebrate but she shrugs them off. She feels like someone's suffocating her, nothing is right, everything is going to crush and burn. This shouldn't have happened to her, why, why, why? Aurelia crawls under her covers, reviling in the darkness of the dorm and her misery as she tries to make it go way. She's not sure what she's trying to make go away, she wants her mind to stop racing, she wants her heart to stop hammering against her chest, she wants this overwhelming panic to end. She thought this year might go by decently despite the Triwizard Tournament being revived, she thought that she'd be able to keep herself together, keep her life moving on a track, but she's now running off the track because all the bolts and rails have all cracked. Everything around her is crashing and burning and she can't breathe. She can't fucking breathe. Someone put her name in the Goblet of Fire to harm her or possibly kill her and no one is looking into it. No one cares, no one seems to realise that she too has been placed into the deadly tournament, they only care about Harry Potter. She's got even more of a disadvantage than him, he's got supporters because he killed Voldemort whereas her family supported Voldemort, they killed for Voldemort. No one is going to care if she gets hurt or if she dies, that's why she's in this thing in the first place. She feels so all alone. Much to her surprise she falls asleep before any of her dorm mates even come to bed, Aurelia falls asleep hoping that this had all been a terrible dream. When she wakes up, the rising sun shines through the little circular windows, all her dorm mates are tucked in their beds sleeping peacefully. Aurelia doesn't feel at peace; she doesn't feel anything at all. Pulling herself from her bed, she heads to the showers. Not even ten minutes, her dorm mates stir from their slumber — except Susan, she's been awake for hours. Olivia, normally not a morning person, is exceedingly giddy as she jumps up from her bed. Olivia throws a pillow at the lump of sheets on Aurelia's bed that look deceivingly like a person curled up on the covers. "Leave her alone, Newton!" Susan says, shaking her head at her dorm mate's antics. "Why, Bones?" Olivia retorts, throwing another pillow at Aurelia's bed. "She clearly doesn't want to be bothered, she probably wants to sleep in and not deal with the fact that she's in the tournament. In case you haven't bothered to notice, she wants nothing to do with it." Susan replies. "Then how did her name get in if she didn't put it in?" Olivia counters. "Who knows. Oh, Blue left to take a shower ten minutes ago." Susan tells her, "Those are just blankets." "Oh." Hannah rolls her eyes at Susan and Olivia as she makes her bed. "She probably entered to impress Lover Boy Longbottom!" Hannah says, half-jokingly and half-bitterly. Susan and Olivia turn to stare at her. "What? Too soon?" "Just a little." Olivia replies, smiling pitifully at her. Hannah adores Aurelia, she really does. Aurelia's a great and loyal friend and Hannah normally doesn't take bad at her. But, Hannah started crushing on Neville Longbottom, the same boy that Aurelia's been blatantly crushing on since second year. Now, Hannah's been very bitter towards Aurelia even though she tries really hard not to be. Aurelia's her friend first and she's trying really hard not to let some silly crush come between. Especially now more than ever, Aurelia needs all the support she can get and Hannah's got to do her best not to let her jealousy get in the way so she can support her friend. "If this were a Muggle movie, Aurelia would've come into the room just as you said that." Olivia quips. Believing Olivia's hinting that Aurelia had entered the dorm, Hannah whips her head around only to find that Olivia had truly been joking. However, seconds later, Aurelia enters the dorm looking like a zombie. "Oh, look! It's Aurelia Lee!" Hannah and Susan share confused looks but Aurelia, who's seen Grease like a thousand times thanks to Olivia, sighs and snaps: "Alright, which one of you bitches is shit talkin' me?!" Hannah freezes because: how does she knows? Olivia laughs "No one's shit talking you. Honestly, we were just talking about you and the tournament before you entered. You know me, I can't resist my Grease references." Aurelia rolls her brown eyes as she stumbles over to her bed to grab her wand off her night stand. She points her wand at her hair, muttering the spell for the Hot Air Charm to dry her soaking wet hair. "What classes do we have to — it's Sunday." Aurelia realises with a groan, "Aw, fuck!" The three girls stare at her concerned, Olivia asks: Are you gonna be alright?" They frown as she replies: "No." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The rest of Sunday passes without incident mostly because Aurelia stayed in her dorm room all day, refusing to go out when her friends asked her too. Then Monday comes around and Aurelia knows it's going to be a dreadful day, maybe even week, the moment she wakes up from a horrid nightmare. The nightmare had been about the Goblet of Fire. More specifically, who put her name in the Goblet of Fire. In the nightmare, Voldemort had been sitting in Dumbledore's chair, in the Great Hall, and she was sure it was him. She had seen a drawing of him, Mae had drawn him once years ago and she had stumbled across it. He was scary to look at, he radiated a dangerous power as he sat in the chair like it was his throne; glaring down at the Goblet of Fire with dark eyes. In front of the Goblet had stood her Aunt Bellatrix, holding a crumpled piece of parchment in her hand, just above the burning blue flame. "You know my rule, Bella." Voldemort had hissed, "She must be destroyed. They all must be destroyed. Put her name in the goblet and she will perish." Her aunt didn't need to be told twice, dropping the name into the fire without a hint of remorse, her icy blue eyes alight with an alarming madness. As Aurelia's name disappeared into the depths of the goblet, the blue flames turned red and her aunt let out a shrill and terrible. But it had not been her aunt's real laugh but Gwendoline Goyle's laugh. Aurelia had looked up only to watch her aunt's face literally melt into Gwen's face. At this, Aurelia had let out a horrified scream and promptly woke herself up. She immediately knows that she's late as her dorm is completely empty. Looking at the alarm clock on Olivia's night stand, her eyes widen in horror. Class had started ten minutes ago. To make matters worse, she had Potions first thing. "Oh, shit!" Aurelia yelps, jumping out of bed. This is going to be a very, very long week. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Friday afternoon, during her favourite class of all, History of Magic, the Triwizard Tournament comes back around to ruin her already shitty mood. Colin Creevey arrives along with Harry, the second-year tells Professor Binns that 'Mr. Bagman needs her and Harry for photos.' and Aurelia finds herself being dragged out of her favourite class to go get some stupid photos to promote a stupid tournament she doesn't want to nor shouldn't be in. Stepping out the classroom, Colin comments that it must be amazing to be a champion and it takes everything in Aurelia not to scream bloody murder. "What do they need photographs for?" Aurelia sighs tiredly. "The Daily Prophet." Aurelia freezes, if they've sent Rita fucking Skeeter to write the articles about the tournament then Aurelia's going to throw herself out a window. She hates Rita Skeeter and she's pretty certain the feeling's mutual. It's a family thing, really. And it all started when her Aunt Bellatrix went to Hogwarts, her and Skeeter had been dorm mates, to make a very long, petty feud-filled story short, everyone in Aurelia's family hates Rita Skeeter because her and Bellatrix had been in a seven year-long fight over who the meanest bitch at school was. Spoiler alert: neither won. Gwendoline Goyle took the cake on that one. "Fuckin' wonderful." Aurelia curses, "Harold, if I try to throw m'self out a window, don't try and stop me." "If you call me Harold one more time you can count on me to be the one to throw you through that window." Harry retorts. "Harold." Colin comes to a stop in front of classroom door "Good luck." he tells them and hurries back to whatever class he's supposed to be in. Harry knocks on the door before entering it, Aurelia following behind him. It's a rather small classroom and it's hard to miss Rita Skeeter and her dramatically magenta-coloured robs. And it's hard for Rita to miss the Bellartrix clone walking through the door even with the Boy-Who-Lived right beside her. "You." The blonde hisses, narrowing her eyes. "You." Aurelia hisses back, matching Skeeter's tone of malice. Rita looks like she's going to tackle Aurelia and she might've had Bagman not exclaimed: "Ah, here he is! Champion number four and five! In you come, Harry, in you come . . . Nothing to worry about, it's just the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment —" Aurelia doesn't bother mentioning that — hey! I exist y'know, asshole! to Bagman because at this point it's a lost cause, all he cares about is Harry. She doesn't like the fact are people are completely ignoring the fact she's part of this tournament even though that's exactly what she's trying to do. "We have to check that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, as they're your most important tools in the tasks ahead." Bagman explains, "The expert's upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there's going to be a little photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter, she's doing a small piece on the tournament for the Daily Prophet. . . ." "Maybe not that small, Ludo." Skeeter says, her eyes on Harry and Aurelia. Aurelia glares at her, trying to remember all the stories that her mother had told her about Skeeter. If Skeeter tries to pull something against her, she'll use one of the pranks her aunts pulled on her. Aurelia smiles, recalling her favourite one — the perfect one. "I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry and Aurelia before we start?" Skeeter asks Bagman as she gazes fixedly at Harry and Aurelia, "The youngest champions, you know . . . To add a bit of color?" Bull fuckin' shit, Aurelia thinks, rolling her eyes. "Certainly!" Bagman cries, "That is — if Harry has no objection?" He didn't even try to include Aurelia this time around, she rolls her eyes again. "Er —" Harry says. "I'd rather die." Aurelia mutters darkly but it's too late Skeeter's wrapped her fingers — more like talons, around Aurelia's skinny forearm and then she grabs Harry's with the other, the bitch has got a surprisingly strong grip. "Lovely." Skeeter says, dragging Aurelia and Harry out of the room and to a nearby door. She opens that and shoves Aurelia into it, she's a bit more careful with Harry. "We don't want to be in there with all that noise." Skeeter remarks, "Let's see . . . Ah, yes, this is nice and cozy." It's a broom cupboard. "Ah, a closet, I feel right at home." Aurelia sarcastically remarks under her breath. "What was that, dear?" Skeeter asks, the 'dear' is laced with enough venom to kill Aurelia ten times over. "Nothing." Aurelia snaps. Skeeter narrows her eyes before smiling too sweetly at Aurelia and Harry and asking: "You won't mind if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill? It leaves me free to talk the two of you normally. . . ." "I m —" "A what?" Harry questions. Oh, good lord, this bitch is going to write so much shit about us! Aurelia thinks exasperated. "Testing . . . My name is Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter." Skeeter says, the quill starts to write on its own, "Lovely . . . So, Harry . . . what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?" "Wait, we never said you could use that quill!" Aurelia points out annoyed. "Er —" Harry says, distracted by the quill that is writing down words that aren't being spoken. "Ignore the quill, Harry." Skeeter tells him firmly, "Now — why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?" "We didn't." Aurelia answers for him, she doesn't trust Skeeter and Harry's got no idea how terrible this woman can be, "We're too young to put our names in, we — especially me — want nothing to do with this tournament. We've got no idea how our names ended up in the goblet." Skeeter gives her a dirty look "I was asking, Harry. You'll get your fame that you, oh so crave like the Black that you are, in a moment." "Listen you old c —" Aurelia cuts herself off. She's got a potty mouth, she always has and always will but that's one word she tries not to use. If she's going to say that word, she'd rather save it for her aunt if she ever meets her, Rita Skeeter no matter how foul doesn't deserve to be called that word by Aurelia. Aurelia smiles politely "Very well, continue then, Madam Skeeter." "I didn't." Harry replies, "Like Blue said, I don't know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. I didn't put it in there." "Come now, Harry, there's no need to be scared of getting into trouble. We all know you shouldn't really have entered at all. But don't worry about that. Our readers love a rebel." "But I didn't enter," Harry repeats. "I don't know who —" "How do you feel about the tasks ahead? Excited? Nervous?" Skeeter questions. Aurelia's stomach churns painfully at the mere thought of the tasks, I'm fucked, totally fucked. "I haven't really thought . . . Yeah, nervous, I suppose," Harry replies. "Champions have died in the past, haven't they? Have you thought about that at all?" Rita asks. Aurelia feels faint, she already knew this but being reminded of it as a Triwzard champion brings about a whole new sense of fear. "Well . . . they say it's going to be a lot safer this year," Harry says, which might've been true before their names had been entered. If someone could mess with the Goblet of Fire then they can mess with the tasks just as easily. "Of course, you've looked death in the face before, haven't you?" Skeeter says, "How would you say that's affected you? Do you think that the trauma in your past might have made you keen to prove yourself? To live up to your name? Do you think that perhaps you were tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because —" "I didn't enter," Harry repeats irritably. "Can you remember your parents at all?" Skeeter asks, talking over him. "No," Harry says. "How do you think they'd feel if they knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? Worried? Angry?" How the fuck is he supposed to know the answer to that — Aurelia's distracted by the scratching of the quill so she peers down at it and snorts as she reads: Tears fill those startling green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents he can barely remember. Harry looks down to and exclaims: "I have NOT got tears in my eyes!" Before Skeeter can say anything, the door of the broom cupboard opens. Dumbledore stands there, looking down at the three of them, squashed into the cupboard. Aurelia's never felt more happy to see Dumbledore before. "Dumbledore! How are you?!" Rita cries out delighted, "I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the International Confederation of Wizards' Conference?" "Enchantingly nasty," Dumbledore replies, "I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat." Does this woman have any shame? Aurelia wonders, freeing herself from the confines of the cupboard. Of course, she knows the answer to her question, and that would be: no. None at all. "I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little old-fashioned, Dumbledore, and that many wizards in the street —" "I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness, Rita." Dumbledore, says with a courteous bow and a smile, "But I'm afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start, and it cannot take place if two of our champions are hidden in a broom cupboard." Aurelia and Harry scurry back into the room with the other champions who were all sitting in chairs now. Aurelia sits down on one side of Cedric and Fleur, Harry sits down on Cedric's other side. "May I introduce Mr. Ollivander?" Dumbledore says, taking his place at the judges' table and talking to the champions, "He will be checking your wands to ensure that they are in good condition before the tournament." Mr. Ollivander steps forward into the middle of the room and asks for Fleur's wand first, the blonde sweeps over to him and hands over her wand. He examines the wand thoroughly, he's surprised to find that the core is from a Veela and he comments that he's never made a wand with Veela hair before then he casts a spell. Finally he announces that her wand's in perfect working order. He then turns to Cedric, examining his wand which turns out to be perfectly fine and then he asks for Viktor's wand to examine, it turns out to be in perfect working order. "Miss. Black." Aurelia nervously gets up and hands over her wand to the old man. He inspects the wand carefully "My great-great grandmother, Gelasia was quite fond of this wand, it was her most prized creation. Has it worked well with you, Thestral hair is very unstable?" Aurelia nods "It's worked wonderfully." "To this day I still haven't attempted to craft a wand with Thestral hair, my grandmother was far more adventurous than I will ever be." Ollivander remarks, "Cypress wood, twelve inches, it's unyielding I believe . . . It gives others a hard time if they try to use it?" Aurelia nods "Sometimes, it worked for Cedric when he tried to use it but not for Olivia." "Mhm, Mr. Diggory's wand core is made of Unicorn hair, my grandmother mentioned that this wand may be fond of other wands with Unicorn hair, it must've sensed Mr. Diggory's wand contained Unicorn hair . . . Do you recall what your friend's wand contains?" "Kneazle whisker, I think." Aurelia replies. Ollivander nods as he twirls her wand between his fingers, then he points it firmly saying: "Aberto." causing all the windows to open. He declares that her wand works perfectly and hands it back to her, Aurelia returns to her seat as the Wandmaker calls up Harry for the inspection. Ollivander spends the longest time examining Harry's wand but in the end he declares that Harry's wand is in perfect working condition like the rest of them. "Thank you all, you may go back to your lessons now — or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end —" Dumbledore says. Aurelia jumps up, relieved to hear she can go now but than Bagman ruins it by exclaiming: "Photos, Dumbledore, photos! All the judges and champions, what do you think, Rita?" "Er — yes, let's do those first." Skeeter says although she doesn't sound thrilled by the idea as she stares at Aurelia then at Harry, "And then, perhaps some individual shots." The photo's take way too long for Aurelia's liking; the only thing that's keeping her from scowling is the thought of the 'Pink Paint Mistake' that happened to Skeeter thanks to her aunts, Bellatrix and Andromeda. Eventually they're free to go, Aurelia's almost out the door when Skeeter grabs her arm unexpectedly. Aurelia feels a panic welling up inside her, this can't be good. Sensing her unease, Skeeter grins widely at her "I won't keep you long, Black. I only have one question to ask you?" Aurelia narrows her eyes suspiciously "Oh, yeah? What's that, Skeeter?" Skeeter pulls out a photograph from her crocodile-skin handbag, Aurelia catches a glimpse of the moving polaroid and her heart stops. Oh, shit. "How did you get those scars?" Aurelia swallows thickly, there's no use in lying because that will only make the piece Skeeter's going to write about it worse. "A . . . A werewolf. I was n — nine when it happened, I . . . Got lost in the woods near my home." Aurelia replies quietly, tears welling in her eyes at the memory. "Why do you hide them?" Aurelia so badly wants to point out that's more than one question but she doesn't because this is her chance to save herself from the humiliating, privacy-invading article Skeeter's got planned for her. "I don't like it when people stare at them, it's annoying." Aurelia replies, trying to keep her voice as calm as possible. Skeeter deflates slightly "So people know about them?" Aurelia nods her head "Yes, most people think they're nasty but others stare at me with a lot pity so I keep them hidden." She watches the sly expression slip off Skeeter's face with grim satisfaction. Of course, this doesn't completely erase the chances of Skeeter writing about her scars or mentioning them in the article about the champions but it certainly lowers them. It gives her more time. "So, if I wrote about the attack in my article to shine a light on just how strong you are, it wouldn't come as a surprise to anyone?" Skeeter questions nonchalantly. Aurelia narrows her eyes "listen here, you little bug!" Skeeter flinches at this, eyes widening slightly as all colour drains from her face. Aurelia snorts, that wasn't even the worse thing I could say to her! "I don't know what yer playin' at but no! No one would be surprised!" Aurelia snarls, for good measure, she wipes the make up off her face, exposing most of her scars. Good Godric, she hopes this is enough to stop her from even mentioning the scars in the article, it probably isn't, knowing what a little bitch Skeeter can be. The worst part: is she's now got to tell her friends about the scars before they're possibly exposed in a fucking article of all things. "Oh, I see." Skeeter says, sounding positively disinterested in the topic now. "So you do, indeed." Aurelia snaps, rubbing more of her make-up off, "Now if you'll excuse me, I've got food to go eat — Oh! By the way, there's something pink — in your hair, it looks like paint." Skeeter gives a gasp of horror, hands flying up to her hairline and Aurelia gives her a shit-eating grin that reminds her so much of Bellatrix and Andromeda back during her Hogwarts years. Leaving the blonde think that maybe, just maybe she best leave Aurelia alone no matter how badly she wants to get revenge on the Black sisters. "Bye, bye Madam Skeeter!" Aurelia says, smiling sweetly as she tries to ignore the tears blurring her vision. She's not going to let herself cry in front of Rita Skeeter, that's worse than being in this bloody tournament. Which says a lot.
SHE SHOULD'VE KNOWN THIS YEAR WAS GOING to go horribly the moment Mae announced the Triwizard Tournament, but Aurelia held onto hope that it wouldn't. And Aurelia should've definitely known everything around her was going to crash and burn when she made the decision to tell her friends about her scars. Why on Earth would she make such a stupid decision? She doesn't particularly recall making the decision not to tell her friends about her scars, sure she had wanted to hide them away but she had never been against the idea of telling people that she had been attacked by a werewolf. She could've told them without showing her scars but she didn't, it's just the whole first year had passed and she had kinda forgotten to bring up the whole werewolf thing so the next year she just didn't and it never really came out. It hadn't meant to be a secret even if she wasn't particularly thrilled at the prospect of telling her friends she had been a scratching post for a werewolf. She never went out of her way to hide them from her friends, she had just become accustomed to putting the make-up on that she forget she really didn't need to do it. There's no doubt that she's terrified to tell them as her scars had lost her friends in the past. (Okay maybe it is a secret but she swears she really never meant for it to be.) Aurelia breaks down in tears the moment she knows for sure Rita can no longer hear or see her. Aurelia wonders just how exactly she's going to tell her friends; will she even be able to coherently speak about it — you bet your ass you won't! She had royally fucked up. She tells herself that she had a right to hide this from everyone, she lost friends because of them, these scars ruined her, damaged her, made her dirty. She had a right. But, another part of her says she's in the wrong. What she did is truly horrible. Mae always encouraged her to wear the scars like a badge of a honour and Aurelia supposes she had tried, she really did, because Mae had asked but she couldn't bring herself to do it. She tried so hard to be okay with them but it was so hard and she'd give herself headaches trying to hide them with her Metamorphmagus abilities. Hiding them had been so hard it gave her nosebleeds, which is why Mae decided to get her the make-up even though she really didn't want to. In the end, Mae decided that Aurelia's health and comfort came first. She should've never kept this from them but she didn't want to lose them like she had lost, Blaise, Daphne, and Millicent. Aurelia didn't want them to see her as dirty too but now she has no choice but to let them. She'll be damned if Skeeter's the one lets it out, twisting around the story to make it worse. Stalking down the corridor with tears streaming down her flushed cheeks, Aurelia can feel eyes on her. She's not sure if it's because of the scars, or the tears, or both. Either way she hates it. She hates Skeeter. She's not ready to tell them now. She's not — she's got too. Neville's got Potions, so he should be heading up from his lessons now as classes had just let out a few minutes ago. Aurelia heads to the dungeons, hoping to catch him before he gets to the Great Hall. She wants to tell Neville first because she's already got a gist on how he's going to react, her other friends are unknown territory. Just thinking of what their reactions might be is enough to reduce her to a quivering mess. Neville had just climbed up the stairs from the dungeons when Aurelia shoves him into the nearest broom cupboard. He squeaks out in fear, not realising it's her until she lets out a quiet sob. Neville looks at her in concern and confusion, he can't see her face as she's looking at the ground but even if she had been looking at him he doubts he'd be able to see her well as it's rather dark in there. "Ari, what's wrong?" He asks worriedly. "Sk — sk — Skeeter!" She sobs, "She — she knows!" Neville doesn't know exactly what Skeeter knows but when Skeeter knows something it's never good. "What does she know, Ari?" He asks softly, it must be something to do with her aunt, that's only thing Neville can think that would get a reaction like this out of Aurelia. Of course, most people know about her aunt so would it really get a reaction like this? "She know — she knows that I'm dirty!" Aurelia sobs, her entire body shakes with nerves. "What? How — you're not dirty! What does that even mean?!" Aurelia takes a deep breath but ends up choking on it. "Ari, calm down . . . Breathe, okay . . . Just breathe." Neville tells her softly, grabbing her shoulders gently. "She knows about the werewolf." Aurelia whispers, "She knows about the werewolf and now I — I — I have to tell everyone how dirty — how nasty — how ugly — tainted I am be — before she does." "What are you talking about, Ari?" He asks, not at all thrilled by the way she's belittling herself but he's knows it'll do no good to stop her at this moment, she's hysterical. "The werewolf! Anya Porter! She — she was part of Greyback's p — p — pack before my dad killed her." "Ari, it's not your fault — what your dad did to her —" "She deserved it!" Aurelia says sharply, surprising him. That's not like her, Neville thinks, maybe she does hate werewolves. Aurelia breathes heavily, trying her best to keep that woman's voice from invading her mind, she squeezes her eyes shut tightly. Go away, go away, go away. She remembers that night so vividly. She remembers the event that caused her to leave the manor in the first place just as well. Aurelia shudders. "You know that werewolves can't help it, Aurelia." Neville says almost sternly and Aurelia flinches at the use of her full name. He almost never uses her full name. "I know that." Aurelia bites out, angry at herself. This isn't going the way she had thought it would. Why isn't it, what had changed, what had went wrong? She looks up and although Neville can't see her face properly, he knows something's different. "But she chose to come find me that night. She chose to beckon me closer knowing that any moment she was going to lose control! She chose to ruin me!" Aurelia exclaims angrily. She had been so very stupid but she had thought that woman was hurt — she just wanted to help, she just wanted to — then she started to transform and she reached out, slashing Aurelia's face. Aurelia had fallen to her knees and when she got up, the woman was completely transformed, her snout right in Aurelia's face, ready to take a bite — so Aurelia punched it and then the werewolf slashed her chest, her stomach — it hurt so bad — Aurelia fell down again, screaming and then the werewolf tried to — there was a bright green light and Mae was screaming — "You're a werewolf!" Neville breathes out, how had he not noticed her missing every full moon, sure he had noticed it once or twice but — "NO!" Aurelia cries out, gripping his robes tightly, afraid that he'll leave her, "No, she — she didn't g — get to. She didn't bite me, my d — d — dad killed her before she could. I am not a werewolf." don't leave me, don't leave me, don't leave. Neville's eyebrows furrow together in confusion, if she's not a werewolf then why is she making such a big deal about this? Aurelia rubs aggressively her scars, stupid, stupid, stupid. "Skeeter doesn't know all the details, she just knows about the scars and the werewolf. She doesn't know about all the work that went into hidin' it. My dad killed someone and he had to hide that and as far as he was concerned, I was gonna die soon too — there was so much blood." So much. Aurelia can almost feel it; hot and sticky, getting in her eyes and sticking in her hair. It hurt so very much. "Blood from what? If you weren't bit then why were you bleeding?" On most days Aurelia's always patient with Neville despite not being a very patient person. Today's an exception. "Werewolves have claws." Aurelia snaps, though she doesn't mean to she's just so angry. Angry at Skeeter, that spying little bitch! How had she even gotten the picture? She'd had to of been in a tree to have taken it, Aurelia doesn't remember seeing her and trust Aurelia, she would've remembered seeing Rita Skeeter there. It clicks. Neville's eyes widen, the scars she had shown him are real! But, why hadn't she just told him then? Why had she hid them at all? Aurelia rubs at her scars, harder. "She got me . . . She got — twice. She got me twice. One — once in my face and — and then in — in my stomach." Aurelia stammers, gripping his robes tighter as she sobs, " I didn't — I don't know how Skeeter got a picture of my scars, I — she won't be able find anythin' else, there's no record of this happenin' anywhere. My dad went through lengths to cover it up, he buried the werewolf's body somewhere on our property and they wouldn't take me to St. Mungo's so Mae had to heal me the Muggle way. My parents — I — think they kinda wanted me to succumb to my injuries. The second hit, it was rather bad. I almost bled out and then my dad woulda probably buried my body on the property too." Aurelia says quickly. Her nails dig into the flesh of her cheek, she hates her scars, she wants them to go away. Neville reaches up and pulls Aurelia's hand away from her face, worried that she'd hurt herself if he didn't. As he looks closer, he can sort of see her scars, Neville purses his lips to hold back a gasp of horror, that would probably make things worse. "Why didn't you tell me?" Neville asks, or anyone for that matter? Aurelia scowls her lower lip, jutting out "No one would've wanted to be my friend." "I would!" Neville says indignantly. Aurelia laughs dryly "Yeah, right! As if you'd want to be friends with me and my ugly, nasty scars!" "They're not ugly!" Aurelia snorts "You said they were nasty!" Neville lets out a quiet little "Oh." as Aurelia bursts into tears. "Ari." Neville says softly as he hesitantly places a hand on her cheek, "I didn't mean it like that! I sup — suppose that it — it sound — sounds like I did but I swear I — I didn't!" Her eyebrows furrow together "How'd you mean it then?" "I meant 'nasty' as in — in they looked painful! I don't think they're ugly! I'd never think you're ugly!" "Really?" "Really." Neville says, brushing his thumb over one of her scars, "They're not ugly, they change nothing about how I see you. You're still beautiful!" Her breath catches in her throat, the urge to kiss the bloody hell out of him returns stronger than ever and she lowers her face to do so. She ends up kissing the corner of his mouth, chickening out of actually kissing him at the last second. Aurelia feels his dimple grow under her lips and she thinks that the fact that he's smiling because she almost kissed him is much better than actually kissing him. The little giggle that escapes his lips next confirms it. Letting go of Neville's robes, Aurelia straightens herself out, her heart races rapidly. Bot of them are blushing messes but that fact is hidden by the darkness of the cupboard. "So they don't bug you?" Aurelia questions after a moment, her giddiness melting back into nervousness, "I mean, that's o — okay if they do, they bugged my par — parents, they bug — bugged my old friends they b — b — bug me. So, it — it's okay if you don't like them, just please do — don't leave me." "Aurelia, they don't bug me. They're scars, they don't change who you are to me." Neville says, absentmindedly stroking her marred cheek. "You won't leave me?" She whispers. "Never." He replies. Aurelia feels so relieved. Neville pulls her into a tight hug "I — I'll never leave you." "Th — th — thank you." Aurelia whispers, tears threatening to spill once more. Oh, Merlin, how is she going to handle telling all her other friends? ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ She handles telling her other friends about her scars very badly. So badly, in fact, Neville's got to do it for her. Normally Neville's not the one to speak to groups of people, especially Aurelia closest friends. And he mostly means, Olivia as she intimidates the bloody hell out of him. But, he does it, albeit, there's a lot of stuttering involved. However, Neville's nervous stuttering is far more coherent than Aurelia's stressed blubbering. Her friends handle it well; far better than her old friends had and she's thankful for that. By the end of this whole ordeal, she's a little less ashamed of her scars but she still can't wait to go back to covering them up, people will stare at her far less. She doesn't like it when people stare at her scars. She can't hide them just yet, she's got to give it a few weeks. At least until the first has come and gone — if she survives it, that is. The longer she keeps her scars visible the less likely it is for Skeeter to write an article about them. Aurelia managed to escape the first article with nothing more than two sentences and a misspelt name. No one paid much attention to it, except Seamus, of course, he can't get over it. "I still can't get over this!" Seamus squeals with laughter, he sounds almost incoherent to Aurelia and Neville. A copy of the Daily Prophet is clutched tightly in his grasp "Ooh! This is by far the best thing I've ever read, it bloody beats my theories — Aurora Malfoy, the possible lovechild of Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrix Le — le — Lestrange has — Merlin!" Aurelia rolls her eyes, usually she loses her shit when someone says she's Bellatrix's daughter but this time, she doesn't — it annoys the fuck out of her but it makes her laugh more than anything. She knows this one can't be true, there's no possibility of that happening ever; Aurelia can just imagine her father sitting in his office, petting his stupid albino peafowl as he reads the Daily Prophet only to gag when he reads that Skeeter's insinuated that he shagged his sister-in-law. This isn't plausible in the slightest, thought she supposes she looks like she could be, her dad would never cheat on her mum, they genuinely love each other. And, he certainly wouldn't have shagged Bellatrix out all of the women he knows. Aurelia has heard stories, she's got blurry memories and all her dad and aunt had down was go at each other's throats. Although, her dad did speak of Bellatrix fondly, but he only ever saw her as an annoying older sister. This 'theory' is complete bullshit. Seamus' theories are irritating but they're far more plausible than the one Skeeter's come up with. He theorises Bellatrix is her real mum and as much as Aurelia loathes it, she knows there's a wee possibility it could be true. Seamus also theorises that she's Sirius Black's daughter, Aurelia thinks it's plausible but less likely than the Bellatrix theory. If she had been Sirius' daughter, she would've ended up in Auntie Wally's care and not the Malfoys'. Aurelia shudders at the thought of being that woman's daughter, it's bad enough she's my aunt! She shakes her head, no. You know who you are: Aurelia Alice Malfoy, the daughter of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy though sometimes you wish you were the daughter of Maeve Macleod. That'd be nice. But you are not Bellatrix's daughter nor are you Sirius' daughter. Sirius wouldn't be too bad as a father but, still . . . That's not who you are. "I've got to get to the library!" Aurelia announces, she had been planning to go there earlier but she got distracted by Neville, Seamus, and Dean — mostly Neville. Seamus groans playfully "But we were just about to discuss the juicy details about your father's lovely aff — affair with B — B — Bell —" the rest of his sentence becomes an incoherent mess as he bursts into a fit of giggles. Aurelia finds herself growing annoyed, not with Seamus but herself. Why had she thought about that? He had barely brought his theories up, yet you started overthinking. Why do I always do this to myself? She slings the strap of her bag over her shoulder and leaves the Gryffindor Common Room she had been invited into earlier this afternoon, Neville trails behind behind her, asking if he can come with her. "I've got to go to the restricted section." Aurelia tells him, checking her bag to make sure she's brought her Invisibility Cloak with her. "Why?" Neville wonders nervously, it's not unusual for her to go into the restricted section but he doesn't like it, he's always worried that she'll get caught. "To look for spells for the first task." She replies. "I th — th — thought they didn't give you any clues." "Oh, they didn't but Ginny did. Not that she realises it. She mentioned that her older brothers, Bill and Charlie will be around this year." Aurelia says, a grin stretching across her face, "Which is odd because neither of them have really been 'round since they graduated — save Charlie but that was for the dragon fiasco. So, I think them being here has somethin' to do with the tournament." Neville nods, bloody hell she's smart. "Although I could be wrong, maybe they're just here to watch the tournament or maybe they're here for the other tasks but it's the only thing I've got to go on. Anyway, Bill's into Curse-Breakin' and all that jazz, Charlie's real into dragons — much to Nym's dismay but she's over that now or so she says — and I think the first task or the other two could be based on those things." Aurelia takes a deep breath from explaining then continues "The first task I believe is supposed to test one's darin' but I could be wrong, I was still screaming internally when they started talkin' about the task so I didn't exactly hear properly. Anyway, Curse-Breakin' to me, at least, when compared to dragons doesn't really test one's darin'. So, I'm thinkin' it's goin' to be dragons for the first task." Neville inhales sharply "Dragons?!" "More than likely. But, don't worry, Plant Boy. I could be wrong, after all they didn't give us any clues, this is just my theory and I could be very wrong. But, it's better to be prepared for somethin' than nothin' at all." "I suppose but why do you have to go to the restricted section to do that?" "They'll have stronger spells there, especially for Curse-Breaking." Aurelia replies, "You don't really have to come with me, Nev." "I know." He says as his eyes dart around nervously as they approach the library, "But — but, I want to help." Aurelia grins as she blushes "Oh okay, th — thanks." She glances around to make sure no one's looking at them as she pulls her Invisibility Cloak out of her bag and over herself and Neville. Getting into the restricted section is smooth sailing although Neville's still nervous they'll get caught. He's never been in the restricted section but he knows about it thanks to Aurelia's stories, she's been here about five or so times to read through some history books. He didn't ever think that he'd go there but Aurelia needs help and he'll do anything to help her. Neville knows he's not the most useful person but at least he's trying and at least he's good at being supportive. "Okay." Aurelia whispers, drawing him from his thoughts, "The books on this shelf seem to be about Curse-Breaking. We'll start with these." "I thought you were certain it was going to be dragon, wouldn't you rather look for spells to fight against a dragon or dragons — I can do that!" "Thanks, but I've already got a spell for the dragon, I just need to take out some books — ones in the non-restricted section to cover my tracks. This is just in case the task has something to do with Curse-Breaking." Aurelia whispers. "Why do you you need to cover your tracks?" Neville whispers back. "The spell I'm going to use is of my creation." Aurelia replies. Neville nods, some spells she doesn't mind sharing with people and others would have to be pried out of her cold, dead hands before she even mentioned them. Aurelia likes to keep her spells on the down-low, even some of the spells in her book are unknown to Neville; he has seen more than most people though. He's sure she'd tell him, out of all people if he asked, but he'd much rather her come to him about it. Whatever the spell may be, if she's comfortable then she'll come to him. She pulls three books from their shelves and places them on the table in front of them, opening on the books and searching through it. Neville follows suit with another one of the books, he's not sure what to look for as he knows nothing about Curse-Breaking but he wants to help, he wants to be useful to Aurelia. Opening the book he's greeted by the horrible sight of spilled ink and dried blood. "Oh." Neville whimpers, going pale. Aurelia glances at him to see what's wrong and her brown eyes land on the index page of the book and they go wide "Oh, now that's disturbing." It's not the worst thing she's seen in the restricted section and the sarcastic comment slips from her lips with ease until she spot the name scratched into the yellowed page. It's not the only name on there, there's others that are hard to make out because of the dried blood and spilled ink but, this name sticks out as it's scrawled across the page with very little spilled ink and dried blood in its path. Tybalt Riddle. She's disturbed now. Tybalt Riddle. Her stomach twists painfully. Poor Tybalt Riddle. One out of six children born to Voldemort — Or rather, at the time Tybalt would've been born, Tom — Tim? Aurelia's not sure what his first name is — Riddle. The eldest of the children, born to his very estranged and very deceased wife, Esrom Riddle. Tybalt had been different from the other six. He had made it, he had been born. Tybalt had lived a month, he got to know his mother's love before he was killed by his father's resentment and insecurity. Tybalt Riddle became a horror story amongst the Death-Eaters in her parents circle, Voldemort had lost several supporters for the slaughter of his own son — he then slaughtered those swayed supporters. Poor wee Tybalt. "Ari?" Neville whispers, nudging her gently as she stares at the book and breathes rapidly. One minute she had made a sarcastic comment about it the next she's staring at it like it's the most horrifying thing in the world — oh no! What if it's cursed! "What is — is it?" He hope it's not cursed and it doesn't seem to be as Aurelia breaks from her trance-like state and points at the the clearest and largest name in the book. "That's the son of Voldemort." Neville barely bites back a yelp, he's not sure what scares him most, the use of You-Know-Who's real name or the fact he apparently had a kid. Neville should be used to Aurelia's use of his name, she does it all the time. She's scared of You-Know-Who just like everyone else but she uses the name with ease, he thinks it's because she's come to view his real name as a curse word, it's certainly treated like one and Aurelia's got a nasty but very cute habit — have you heard her say the 'f' word, it sounds like she's saying 'fook' and that is the cutest thing ever! — of using every curse word imaginable. To her, at least he thinks, You-Know-Who's real name is no different than the 'f' word. "Wh — what?" "His son, the ministry knows about him as there was a body. He had many other children, six known to the Death-Eaters. Another one, is also known to the Ministry but there's no body for her, so they're not to sure about that one as the only source is from the distraught and deranged mother, Callisto — they're all dead." Aurelia explains. She feels sick. Voldemort had slaughtered six of his own children without a hint of regret. Five which had never made it out of the womb, three of which were never named. "All six of them?" Aurelia nods, shivering in fear. Voldemort was a monster and even if she had agreed with the whole 'Purebloods above All! Down with the Muggles!' thing he had promoted, she would still think this. He killed his own children. "He killed them all." "What? Why?" Aurelia frowns. Voldemort may have been the darkest wizard of all time but no one expected him to kill his own bloody children. She's known about his children for years, Cressida, Sarah, Tybalt, and the three that had never been named. Tybalt had struck a chord in her and he always will. It's not like the guy had to be father of the year. He didn't have to go and kill the baby in his mother's arms as she pleaded with him not to kill wee Tybalt. There's a reason he killed Tybalt, a reason he killed all his children. A reason Aurelia can't understand even years later. The reason is horrifying and Aurelia's surprised she's yet to burst into tears just thinking about it. "You're familiar with Greek Mythology?" Aurelia asks and to her surprise, Neville nods his head quickly. "Yeah, my gran's got a lot of books about it — I think they belong to my dad or maybe my mum — what's that got to do with, well . . . That?" "Kronos . . . Y'know the Titan who —" Neville's nose crinkled in disgust "Yeah, didn't he eat h —" "Yes! But, no! It's not what you're thinking . . . He didn't eat them . . . He's like a vegetarian Kronos." Neville opens his mouth to say something but promptly shuts it, reminding himself that this isn't the weirdest thing he's heard her say. "He killed them for the same reason Kronos ate his children. Voldemort was afraid that they'd be more powerful than him, he was afraid they'd overthrow him. He killed five of them before they were even born, Tybalt was the only one who got to see the sun. He got to learn his mother's warm embrace, he got to live until his father met him and then there was a green light and Tybalt was no more. Do you know how monstrous that is. Voldemort killed his first-born son in his wife's arms!" "You-Know-Who had a wife!" Neville whispers loudly in disbelief — and yet, you can't even tell a girl you like her! Aurelia laughs mirthlessly "Their marriage was worse than Aunt Bellatrix and Uncle Rodolphus' which is saying something because their marriage is a disaster, Neville, the worst disaster you can ever imagine. I highly doubt they were in love, the marriage was probably a way for Voldemort to claim Esrom, she was useful to him she was a famed seer. Esrom Trelawney, or as most people know her, Riddle. She was the ex-Divinations professor here. She's dead to, Voldemort killed her shortly before he died or he had her killed. I'm not sure which is true. You know, Tybalt would've been older than my aunt, if he was alive. He didn't deserve to die." "Merlin." Neville breathes out, "How do you know all that?" "Eavesdropping." Aurelia replies. "When our parents booted us out of the room to have their gossip time, Draco and his friends would have me sneak into the room to spy on them because I was the least likely to be caught or noticed." "Oh." "Did you know, Elliot almost had a half-sister. It might've been his full sister but they never really got to know . . . Callisto Burke — Ellie's biological mum, had been the youngest Death-Eater, she was still in Hogwarts when she got the Dark Mark, in her sixth year and she was still in Hogwarts when she became pregnant the first time. There had been the possibility that it could've been Voldemort's but it was more than likely Regulus' child, she was betrothed to him. However, Voldemort wasn't going to take that chance and five-months in the pregnancy he killed the child. It destroyed Callisto, she had gotten so attached to the unborn child, she had found out it was going to be a girl and she picked out a name — Cressida Calypso, and she was so happy. She was thriving. Her and Regulus were going to be a happy family and then Voldemort tore it all away from her because there was a chance she was his." Neville stared at Aurelia horrified. Aurelia felt tears slipping down her cheeks, it wasn't fair. Because of this, Callisto was hardly fit to raise Elliot, she was still reeling from the loss of Cressida when Elliot came along. "She was never the same after he got rid of Cressida. She went bonkers, she became paranoid but refused to stray from Voldemort's side. When Elliot came around, she got worse. Callisto worried that he'd kill Elliot even though there was no chance that he was Voldemort's kid. So she tried to give him the Dark-Mark to prove her loyalty to Voldemort and kinda protect Ellie in a very twisted way. She never got to finish it though because . . . Because well, Aunt Bellatrix stopped her and accidentally got Callisto captured by the ministry by doing so." Aurelia wipes angry tears from her face, how could someone kill their own children? She looks at Tybalt's name and an overwhelming sadness grows inside her. She remembers hiding behind the curtains in her parents' sitting room, listening to the gossip to tell her friends about later. She remember that it was the anniversary of Tybalt's death, Mrs. Parkinson had been recounting the tale very dramatically and woefully and by the end of it, Aurelia had burst into fearful hysterics, alerting the adults she had been in the room the entire time. She remembers running to her father and clinging to him as she begged him not to kill her if she got better at magic than he was. He hadn't even been mad that she had eavesdropped. Aurelia sniffles "It's not fair — they still had room to grow, they never got a chance — they could've turned out good." Neville looks at her surprised. She had been more emotional since being entered in the Triwizard Tournament but he couldn't understand why she's crying over You-Know-Who's children — that's harsh. Neville pauses, starting to understand why it upsets Aurelia, they were just children. Children who never got a chance to grow. It is rather unfair. "Are you going to be alright?" "I'm hungry." Aurelia states, desperate to change the subject. Neville nods "Alright, let's get some lun — lunch. We can do this some other time and, uh, maybe avoid this book in the future." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Hours latter a bad feeling settles in the pit of her stomach but this time it's not the thought of dead babies that causes it; it's a letter from her Aunt Lyra. A letter requesting to meet her at her office before dinner. She sent a similar letter to Elliot, the two walk to her office together. Even with Elliot's company, her nerves aren't soothed because unlike her, Lyra actually treats Elliot decently. Lyra's still kind of bitch to him — but then again, being a bitch is in Lyra's nature. She only likes Elliot because she's Regulus' son. "What do you think she wants from us?" Aurelia wonders, glancing at Elliot who's trying hard to control his frizzy, black curls. "She probably finally decided to kill you and she invited me along to help hide your body." Elliot replies, pulling his hair into a very messy bun that looks more like a painful knot than anything. Aurelia gives him a dirty look but jokes along with him as she retorts: "Yes, she invited you along to help hide my body that she could easily burn to a crisp or turn into an unsuspecting object with a flick of her wand." Elliot laughs "She'd definitely burn your body, that sounds more dramatic. More like Lyra." Few words are exchanged with her aunt as the bitter blonde hands her three letters and a rectangular package. Two of the letters are from Mae and Remus — still, Aurelia doesn't understand why, he's involved. Then she hands Elliot a letter, she tries to speak with Elliot but he drops the conversation quickly for Aurelia's sake and then the two are headed down to the Great Hall for dinner. "Salazar's socks!" Elliot snickers, "Ma — Bellatrix would've kicked her bloody ass if she saw Lyra looking at me like that." "Did you just call Bellatrix 'ma'?" Aurelia asks, it's not the first time she's heard Elliot call her that. Elliot nods, blushing as he frowns "Yeah, haven't heard me do that in awhile, huh?" It had been years since she had heard Elliot call her aunt that, he used to do it all the time when he was younger. The first time she had met Elliot, he had convinced her and Draco that he was Bellatrix's son. He had seen a few of her pictures in Malfoy manor and had declared her his 'ma'. Her and Draco had been thrilled by this, it had meant that they had a cousin they both could play with. When wee Elliot had left that afternoon, her mum had explained to them that Elliot was probably a Muggle that Bellatrix had taken him from some Muggle family she had dealt with during the first Wizarding War since they could no longer care for him. In other words, their mum had tried to explain to them their aunt had brutally murdered a Muggle couple and surprisingly couldn't bring herself to murder their infant son so she took him and gave him to Mae without actually saying their aunt had brutally murdered people. Then Elliot got a little older and his hair grew out and their parents began to whisper that he might be Regulus and Callisto's son. Her parents didn't know for sure as Callisto had kept Elliot to herself, Regulus, and Bellatrix, still traumatised from her previous one. "I miss her — I miss them. Callisto wasn't a bad mother before the mark but she didn't — couldn't love me wholly. She couldn't love me like they did. They gave me attention, they gave me the care Callisto couldn't give me. Mum and Ma — when she was around — they took great care of me, they made sure I was talked to, they made sure I was well-fed, they made sure I was warm. They could do that consistently unlike Callisto." Elliot explains, sounding forlorn. "Did Bellatrix love Mae?!" Aurelia bursts out, a sudden urge to know if her theory is — was true. Elliot grins slightly "Took you long enough! I know Mae didn't exactly tell you but she wasn't subtle about it either — have you seen her room? It's like eighty percent Bellatrix pictures, paintings, and drawing. She was waiting for you to figure it out, she didn't want to tell you as she doesn't like talking about it. But, it wasn't a secret that was kept from you. Of course, no one knows about it besides me, and there's a few other people that know but I'm not sure who. All I know is that Molly can't know." "That's so weird, I always thought it was odd that —" "Don't you mean: strange?" "Shut the fuck up, Elias Sirius Burke!" "Don't fucking call me, Elias, that's a shit name!" Elliot hisses angrily, his face turns bright red. "Don't make shitty puns then!" Aurelia hisses right back, "Anyway! I always thought it was weird that Bellatrix gave Mae a bloody castle and I thought maybe Bellatrix loved her but I never that it'd actually be true!" "You'll be even more surprised to learn Mum loved her back." Aurelia chokes on her own spit "What? No! Mum — Mae could do so much better than her!" Elliot laughs "Yes, they loved each other." Mae loved Bellatrix back? Well, holy shit, I was not expecting that! Her shock turns to confusion rather quickly, if Aunt Bellatrix loved Mae — a Squib! — why had she joined the Death-Eaters? It doesn't make sense. "Well, this has been an exceptional bonding moment but I do believe dinner is calling me, specifically the Yorkshire Pudding so — tootles!" He gives her a rough pat on the back, grinning slyly as he departs. He leaves her hanging and he knows it; Aurelia bets he's enjoying that. She rolls her eyes but all she can think is: holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: So Voldemort had children,,, I bet that makes you uncomfortable . . . They're all dead because Voldemort (father of the year, everyone!) is straight up a Vegetarian Kronos,,, Anyway, Voldy's very dead children will play a crucial role in later on in the story. Y'all probably saw Maeve & Bellatrix (Maetrix as I call them bc apparently I CAN create GOOD ship names) coming because I wasn't exactly subtle about it, even Aurelia suspected it,,, however it still got her fucked up! Also in the house we stan Maetrix as Elliot's gay mums! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it!
REMUS' LETTER WARMS HER HEART, HE WANTS to help her with the Triwizard Tournament. She doesn't understand why but she's thrilled by it nevertheless. She likes Remus, even misses him despite the fact he's a werewolf — he wouldn't hurt me, he's nice! There's something about him that's vaguely familiar, something warm and safe, a feeling she had once felt. Aurelia swears she remembers him though she knows it's not possible, he's just that familiar. Whenever she tries to think of where she might remember him from, her head starts to ache and she feels foggy so she tries not to think too much about it. It's probably nothing. She had told herself the same thing last year when she was first introduced to Remus or rather, Professor Lupin. So on Saturday she would be seeing him as well as Mae at the Three Broomsticks. Luckily a trip to Hogsmeade falls on that day, meaning she wouldn't need special permission to go see them. That's the last thing she needs at this moment. Mae's letter had been the same as Remus' albeit a lot less awkward sounding. The third letter had been from the Tonks telling her to be safe and wishing her the best of luck in the tournament. The package is for Ron, it's his Christmas present even though the two aren't on speaking terms. Ron's more than a wee bit peeved that she and Harry are in the tournament even though they didn't enter themselves and Aurelia thinks he knows that even if he won't show it. He's jealous and Aurelia can see it plainly, in fact she understands it completely. Although it annoys her that he's acting like she purposely put her name in there. Harry's got it a lot worse, the two were usually attached at the hip and now they're not even speaking whereas Aurelia only talked to Ron on occasion during the school year. However, this will make giving him his Christmas present rather awkward, their conversation will be bloody awkward if even talks to her at all. Aurelia sighs annoyedly as she ventures down the corridor. If one more person stares at her — "Have you seen these, Blue?!" Dennis squeaks out as he approaches her, "Can I call you, Blue? I've heard others call you that — anyways, look!" He shoves a blue swirling pin in her face "They're kinda neat even though they make fun of Harry." Draco. She rolls her eyes, so he's made more pins. Aurelia looks at the pin in the first-year's hand, it's blue and there's a little drawing of Aurelia with the words "BLUE RULES" on it then it swirls into an orange colour with a drawing of Harry and the words "POTTER DROOLS" appear. Classic Draco, at least this pin rhymes! Even though it's insulting Harry, Aurelia really appreciates this pin, it makes her feel like Draco still cares about her despite the fact she's a traitor. He still cares. She blinks back tears "Are you goin' to wear it?" Dennis shakes his head "Nah, they're mean! I just thought I'd show them to you since you were on them, they just started circling around this morning, I bet it's that meanie, Malfoy!" Aurelia sighs "That meanie is my twin brother — do you mind if I keep that?" Dennis frowns but hands it over and she shoves it in the pocket of her jeans. "Thanks, kid — hey, have you seen Ron anywhere?" "Yep, I saw him the Great Hall just a while ago, he's playing the magic chess game with someone." Aurelia gives him a grateful smile "Thanks, kid." Dennis nods and scampers off to his friends while Aurelia turns on her heels and heads for the Great Hall, clutching the package to her chest. She hopes Ron won't be too stubborn with her. Ron's seated in the Great Hall, playing and winning a game of Wizard's Chess with someone she doesn't know. By the time she reaches the Gryffindor table, the student had sulked away in defeat, Aurelia takes a seat across from Ron who stares blankly at her. She smiles awkwardly, palms starting to sweat as she tells him: "Hi, uh, I got your Christmas present." Ron's blank expression turns into one of incredulous. Aurelia laughs lightly though her heart is racing, what if he yells at her? "I figured you might want to one-up Draco so I bought you an extra pair of dress robes. They're from the same designer that made Draco's dress robes — assuming they still go to the same place. Anyway, I specifically asked him to make these robes better than he made Draco's so I guarantee, you'll look killer. Think of it as karma for him mocking your other dress robes which weren't that bad." They were very bad. Ron snorts, his face going slightly pink. "They weren't great but trust me when I say they could've been a lot worse. If it counts for anything I really think you could pull off those dress robes." Ron raises an eyebrow. "Honest. They'd give ye a very royal chic look, especially with that hair and your skin tone. You'd look killer in them, change the texture of the dress robes with some magic, whiten the puffy sleeves and bit and you'd pull it off well. Your face is nice enough to allow you to." Ron looks at her suspiciously "What do you really want?" "What do you mean?" Aurelia asks innocently. "I've been ignoring you and you come over here and compliment me of all things? What do you want?" Aurelia grins "I want to give you your Christmas present, Ronald. Is that a crime now?" She slides the package over to him "You don't have to wear it, I just thought you might like to have another choice. It's really no big deal, Ron, it's a Christmas present. No, I don't feel sorry for you — shit, sorry my Legilimency! I need to get it under control, sorry! Look, I didn't buy you these robes because I felt sorry for you, I bought them because I thought you would like them, I bought them because I thought you'd look great in the colour, and most importantly, I thought you'd really enjoy seeing that smug grin wiped off me brother's face when ye come in looking like a killer king wearing these robes!" Ron's skeptical look softens slightly. "I know you find people buying you things to be embarrassing but you shouldn't be embarrassed or at least not try not too when they come from me — I shouldn't tell you how to feel, I'm sorry. I'm doing this because I want too not because I feel bad or because I think you can't do it. You deserves these robes just like your brothers deserve that thing they want, if I didn't think you deserved it, I wouldn't have gotten you these things. It's not out of pity or because I think you're poor, I'd of bought you these dress robes even if you could've bought yourself a whole shop of them. I wanted to do this, so try not to feel so flustered about it, okay." Ron frowns looking, guilty "But, I —" "No, don't apologise. I didn't even realise you were ignoring me 'til I heard you were ignoring Harry, and I'm not mad at you. I wish you didn't think we put our names in that fucking goblet 'cause we didn't but you probably only think that 'cause you're jealous." "I'm not jealous." Aurelia gives him a pointed look "You are jealous. And that's okay. Jealousy is perfectly natural though not the greatest in most cases but I don't think you'll kill either Harry and I in a fit of jealous rage, so we're good. You have every right to be jealous, I get it. Oh, I get it." She chuckles humourlessly "Do you know I was constantly jealous of Draco growing up. I could never do anything as good as him. In my parents' eyes, he was the golden child even though my name literally means 'the golden one'!" Aurelia takes a deep breath "I felt so worthless and sometimes I still feel so damned worthless. Nothing I ever did was good enough for them. I'm sure you feel similarly. You've got five brothers whom you look up to, all of which have done amazing things and I'm sure you look up to Ginny too because she's Ginny how could you not look up to her — sorry, your sister's a badass. Not to mention, your best friends with Harry fucking Potter. I thought competing with Draco was hard." Ron stares at her with a look Aurelia reads as: how the bloody hell is this supposed to make me feel better?! "But, you know what, Ronald? Those feelings are bullshit, they're wrong. I'm not sayin' ye shouldn't feel that way or that it's wrong to feel that way . . . I mean wrong as in, they're not true no matter how strongly ye feel they are. You're not who ye view yerself as. You're wonderful, you're amazing, you're so loyal and so brave. At eleven-years-old you were willing to sacrifice your life for Hermione and Harry. You're an amazing friend. You're brilliant too, figuring out that chess game couldn't have been easy but you did it. You may not see it but you're just as amazing as your brothers and Harry. You're important, my life wouldn't be the same with out you, neither would Harry's — he'd probably dead if it weren't for you, if we're being honest here — or Hermione's, or your family's." "Are you crying?" "I just gave you a very heartwarming speech and all you ask is if I'm crying — yes, I'm crying you twat! I've been such a mess recently." "I — well, er — thank you?" Aurelia gives him a watery grin, wiping tears from her eyes as she says "Well, I need to go fix me eyeliner. I reckon it's a wee bit smudged — I hope you like your present!" She gets up to go but Ron grabs her wrist and tells her: "Charlie says 'hi'." Aurelia grins at him despite the dread growing in her stomach "Thank you." Fuck! I am going to have to fight a fucking dragon! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia writes a lot, she writes stories, poems, essays, anything really and she writes fast. Her dorm mates are well accustomed to this fact but even they're surprised when Aurelia spends all of Friday night and all of Saturday morning writing pages upon pages of something. When it comes time for their Hogsmeade trip, Aurelia gently tucks the pages into her bag. Hannah catches sight of the paper and snorts: "Merlin, please tell me you didn't write yourself a will?!" Aurelia looks up at her and Hannah's laughter dies away instantly, Aurelia looks like a wounded puppy. "Come now, Blue, the tournament won't be that bad." Says you! Aurelia thinks, I've got to fight a bloody dragon — possibly dragons! It's going to be a disaster! Her spell should work, but it's not a guarantee and the leaves her feeling rather nervous. She had been working on the spell for a few years now and she had tested it on a few House-Elves and Elliot and the spell had worked wonderfully. The problem is that House-Elves and Elliot are tiny compared to dragons and the spell may not be as potent on them as it had been on Mimsie or Elliot. Her life depends on this spell working the way she hopes it will. Aurelia swallows thickly, hoisting the strap of her bag over the shoulder "It's best to be prepared." "Oh, you're such a drama queen! You'll be just fine!" Hannah says, smiling fondly at Aurelia who gives her a small smile in return. She doesn't feel like she'll be just fine but Aurelia takes a deep breath and reminds herself that she gets to see Mae soon and Remus as well. Aurelia grins at that thought, she misses Mae. The ride to Hogsmeade seems to drag on a lot longer than usual and despite the fact Aurelia is surrounded by her friends she feels lonely. It's not an unusual feeling as of late but it's a feeling she thinks she shouldn't feel in this moment. Her friends are talking about their plans for the Hogsmeade trip, plans Aurelia can't be apart of as she's going to meet up with Mae and Remus and they know that. Aurelia frowns, slouching in her seat. Neville notices her sad demeanour and frowns as well. Reaching over and grabbing her hand, he wishes she wasn't so sad all the time. She's been really sad since she had been entered in the tournament. It's not fair, he thinks, neither she or Harry should've been forced to compete. Finally the carriage comes to a stop in Hogsmeade and the group of friends split up, Aurelia heading to the Three Broomsticks and the others heading to Honeydukes. Someone shoves past her just as she was about to enter the pub, Aurelia goes to call them out but falls short upon seeing who it is. Skeeter. Aurelia keeps quiet, hoping that Skeeter doesn't see her. The Three Broomsticks is packed tighter and at the very back, Remus sits with Mae; Remus waves her over, a fond smile on his scarred face. "Rory!" He greets her happily, she gives him a confused look in return. "Oh, sorry . . . It's a nickname Padfoot came up for you when you were a little baby. He couldn't for the life of him, pronounce your name right. So, he called you Rory and it stuck." Remus says nervously, "I can't count how many times I almost called you that last year. Does that . . . Bother you?" Aurelia shakes her head "No, it's just . . . How do you get 'Rory' from Aurelia?" Remus grins, eyes cloud with nostalgia "Well . . . Heh, Padfoot, he thought your name was pronounced Ah-Roar-Reelah." Aurelia snickers, taking a seat that Remus offers her. "No one had the heart to correct him." Remus says. "Which is probably why Trix was the one who corrected him." Mae mutters earning a snort from Remus. Aurelia looks at Mae, she looks like she hasn't slept in days. "Wee moon." Mae greets Aurelia, giving her a weak smile. "Mae . . ." do I bring up the whole her being in love with Bellatrix thing? "How are ye?" Her throat constricts and tears burn her eyes — it was only a question, why are you crying?! Aurelia manages a nod, Mae reaches across the table and grabs Aurelia's cold hands "I'm so, so sorry, wee moon, I — we tried to get ye out but they wouldn't hear it. I'm truly sorry." "It's okay." Aurelia mumbles. Mae pats her hands "Would ye like somethin' to drink? To eat?" "A Butterbeer would be nice, if that's okay?" Mae's smile brightens "O' course! I'll be right back — do ye want anythin' Remus?" Remus shakes his head and Mae heads up to the counter to purchase the beverage. Aurelia looks at Remus quizzically "Why are you here?" "Do . . . Do you not want me here? I figured — Professor Sprout figured it'd be good for you. She assumed you were fond of me as I am of you. Professor Sprout I'd be good . . . Moral support. But, I can leave if you want." Aurelia shakes her head quickly "No — I — I didn't mean it like that! I want you to stay, I just don't understand why you'd want to be here." "Because I do, Rory, I care about you." Aurelia blinks "But, why?" Remus looks at her incredulously — sweet Merlin, child, just accept my affection! Aurelia flinches, as she catches a snippet of Remus' thought. She's becoming more aware of her Legilimency abilities and she hates it. Aurelia really needs to get it in check even if that means asking Snape for help. "You alright, Rory?" Aurelia nods "Yeah, it's just my Legilimency's gotten more noticeable since, well, since the Gwen thing." Remus grows pale as he stammers: "Legil — Legilimency?" Aurelia looks away shamefully "Sorry, I don't mean too. I never mean too. I don't go looking into people's mind, the thoughts just jump out at me. I — I'm really sorry." "Don't apologise, I'm not mad . . . I'm just surprised . . . Well, have you asked Lyra for help. I know she's good with Legilimency and Occlumency, even during school she was good at it. She could help you." Aurelia laughs loudly, snorting "Lyra'd never help me!" Remus frowns "I could ask her, I was always her favourite — she told me herself, I swear I'm not being full of myself here, Rory. I'm sure she'd help if I asked." She shakes her head "No, I don't want Lyra's help. I appreciate the offer, I really do but I'd much rather not learn from her. I'll have to ask Snape, he's no better but at least I can trust he won't fuck me over like Lyra might. He was supposed to be our teacher, my brother and I, when we were little but neither of us were interested in learning the skill." Remus nods although he still looks concerned "Right, of course." Mae returns with a Butterbeer and Firewhisky, she hands the Butterbeer to Aurelia and sits down. Mae cracks open her Firewhisky and takes a large swig of it. "What did they tell ye about the first task?" Mae asks. "Nothing." Aurelia replies, taking a sip of her Butterbeer." "Why am I not surprised." Mae mutters, rolling her eyes. "It's dragons." Aurelia says bluntly, "I figured it out because of Ginny, she mentioned that Bill and Charlie would be around this year so I assumed that they must've had something to do with the tasks. Thanks to Ron I was able to figure out that the first task is definitely dragons and — I have to tell Fleur Delacour! It's only fair, I've told Viktor and I told Cedric. I'm sure Ron's told Harry even if they're not speaking, Ron's not that petty . . . I have to fight a dragon!" Remus pales again and inhales sharply. "Oh, mac na galla." Mae swears in Gaelic. "I've got a plan don't worry. I'm not scared of the first task, it's the other tasks that scare me." Aurelia says, she reaches for her bag but steels herself from doing so. They might laugh at her or call her dramatic for this, so she leaves the unofficial will she wrote in her bag, "The first task is supposed to be the easiest and if it's going to be dragons just imagine how hard the other task'll be." "We'll be at the first task." Mae tells her, "Remus and I'll be there. We won't be able to talk to ye beforehand or afterwards. But, we'll be in the stands, cheerin' ye on." Aurelia smiles gratefully. "How are you're classes going?" Remus queries, "Are they teaching anything that you can use in the tournament." Aurelia blushes as she admits: "I haven't been paying attention . . . It's been so hard, I've got so much on my mind . . . I've been so tired — I'm not failing though, I promise!" Mae frowns, something flashing in her green eyes "Perhaps during Christmas holidays I shall see if I can take ye somewhere to get ye checked out —" "Checked out?" Aurelia echoes, raising an eyebrow, "Checked out for what? There's nothing wrong with me." "For Depression, wee moon. I think ye might have it, it does run in yer family. Ye've never shown signs of it before so I didn't want to say anythin' but I think ye might have it. It'll require Muggle treatment, we don't really have anythin' for Depression, yer mum and aunts never got treatment for it. Well, Andromeda did eventually." "Depression? Is . . . Is that bad?" "No, wee moon. Well, not exactly, it's not the-look-on-yer-face-bad but it can be bad. Ye might not have it, I just they way yer talkin' it got me worried. I just want to get ye checked when I can." Aurelia wonders if this Depression thing has anything to do with those little moments she has. Aurelia takes another drink, she wonders if she should be worried, Mae looks worried but not too worried. Perhaps it's nothing. Remus and Mae start laughing at something Mae had said, to Aurelia they look like really good friends. "I didn't know you and Remus knew each other." Aurelia points out. Mae and Remus share a look of some kind — they're hiding something from me. "We've met a few times here and there. Mostly during Hogsmeade trips, Sirius wasn't given any money for the trips so Trix would go and give him some money —" "I thought Aunt Bella hate —" "Oh, she pretty much did but the money was, well, a reward for him keeping her secret — me. So, until he was officially disowned would do little nice things for Sirius because he knew about us. I'm not sure if she did it because she was thankful for his secrecy or because she didn't want him to tell but that's how Remus and I know each other." Aurelia blinks, well since she brought it up! "Did you really love her?" Aurelia asks. Mae frowns "Would ye think any less o' me, wee moon?" "Aurelia shakes her head quickly "No, mum! I'd never think bad of you!" Mae gives her a weak smiles then sniffles and nods "I really did, Aurelia, I love—d her wit' my whole heart." Mae reaches across the table and smooths Aurelia's curls "I love ye more, wee moon. Ye an' Elliot, I love ye two so much, yer my whole world, my everythin'." Aurelia smiles, feeling a surge of respect and love for the redhead "I love you too, mum." A moment passes, Remus asks: "Mae tells me you're real excited for the Yule Ball . . . Have you picked out your dress yet?" Aurelia's eyes light up and she begins discussing just how thrilled she is for the Yule Ball. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ With an hour or two to spare for the Hogsmeade trip, Aurelia decides to go find her friends since Mae and Remus had left earlier than she had expected. Their visit had significantly cheered her up, but she can still feel that numb feeling just below the surface. It seems to her that she can't shake this numbness no matter what, she just got to see her mum and her favourite professor, she should be happier. But, she's not and that scares her, she still somehow feels lonely. "Aurelia!" A German accent calls out and seconds later, hands are wrapped around her forearm in a vice-like grip. Aurelia jumps, her heart starts to race — it's just Noelle! It's okay, calm down! "Noelle! How are you?" "I'm great! And 'ou must be fantastic! Competing in the tournament, 'ow amazing is that?!" Aurelia plasters a fake smile on her face as she weakly says: "Yeah . . . Exciting." "'Ou are not happy. 'Ou should be. The goblet thought you ver vorthy." Noelle says bitterly. Aurelia frowns "Well, I don't want to be worthy for once in my life I don't want it. I don't want to be in it. Now, if you'll please excuse me I'm going to meet my friends. I'll see ye around, Noelle." Noelle lets go of her forearm and quickly snakes her arm around Aurelia's shoulder. At this action, Aurelia feels all her anger and sadness melt away to bubbly happiness. Her face grows hot and she inhales sharply, clearly surprised by the Noelle's move. "Aw!" Noelle moans, pouting, "Do you not vant to spend time vith me, Aurelia?" Yes! — Aurelia stammers "Y — yes, of — of course I want t — to hang out with you!" Noelle grins "Vonderful! So, Aurelia, do you want to play twenty-one questions. "Sure!" Aurelia complies despite not knowing how to play the game. "Alright. Hm, vhat is your favourite colour? Mine is red." "Gold! Like golden yellow not shimmering gold though shimmering gold is nice." Aurelia answers. There's a long pause, a very awkward pause than Noelle giggles "You're supposed to ask a question in return, zilly girl." "Oh! Right! Your favourite kind of chocolate? I love all kinds but milk chocolate is my favourite — preferably Hershey's Kisses!" "I like dark chocolate best. Favourite kind of animal? Mine's a jaguar." Noelle replies as they pass Honeydukes. "Hmm, I can't choose between a cat or a fox. I have a cat, I named him Freddie Purrcury but I usually just call him Freddie. Do you have any pets?" "Nah. Vorst fears? Mine are failure. Mice and death." "Uh, werewolves, death, going insane, snakes specifically Garter snakes —" Noelle laughs loudly "Aren't thoze ze leazt deadly snakes on Earth?" Aurelia shrugs "I know shit about snakes other than the names of some. I found the snake in my gardens when I was just a wee thing and I thought it was so cute. It thought I was so biteable. I was so shocked that I completely blanked, don't remember what happened after it but look at the scar — Sometimes when I get bored I turn it into a little smiley face." "Now, that's a cute scar!" Noelle says, eyes drifting from Aurelia's finger to her cheek. Aurelia's blissfully unaware of this as she continues: " — water, and Voldemort. Fav —" "You speak his name!" Noelle whispers angrily, eyes flashing dangerously. Aurelia blinks, surprised by her reaction "Sorry, it's just . . . You-Know-Who is such a mouthful for me and I'm not sure if his name's Tim or Tom so Voldemort is the easiest for me to say. I know I shouldn't say it but I can't help it." "Ve are not allowed to say it at Durmstrang, ve get in lots of trouble if ve do." "Un — understandable. Uh, favourite ice-cream? Mine's Chocolate Chip and Cookie Dough." "Strawberry . . . Vood 'ou like to be my girlfriend?" Aurelia feels faint but not in a bad way, she feels all warm and fuzzy — say yes! — and her face must be brighter than a Weasley's hair. — say yes! Say yes! — She likes Noelle well enough and apparently Noelle feels the same — SAY YES! — but Neville, I think I like him more — SAY YES! SAY YES! — don't I like him more, I do know him better — SAY — "Yes." Aurelia breathes out grinning brightly. Things get blurry. Aurelia's excited, someone actually fancies her! Noelle leans down and kiss her cheek but what about what others will think? What about Neville? Stop caring. Wait. Something feels wrong? Nothing's wrong, Aurelia feels great, it's just moving really fast but that's okay. It's not like their relationship would even last, Noelle's leaving at the end of the year — nothing's wrong. A very loud cough interrupts them. "I thought you were supposed to be meeting your mum and Remus." Seamus calls out. Aurelia looks over her shoulder, turning red as she wonders how much they had seen. "I w — was." Seamus and Dean raise their eyebrows in disbelief, Seamus crosses his arms over his chest and in the middle of the two stands Neville, a heartbroken, disappointed look on his face. Aurelia's heart clenches painfully. He looks so sad, why does he look so sad? "Then why — why are you hang — hanging out with Noelle?" Neville stammers, his lower lip quivering, "You didn't need to lie ab — about spending time wi — with her. I — I un — understand." "I didn't —" Noelle smiles sweetly "Vell, I don't zee 'ow that's any of your business — Aurelia, we don't ve go find somewhere romantic for our date." "Wait, I —" But, Noelle's dragging her away from her friends before Aurelia can get her explanation out. "Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop, sounds romantic enough, huh, Aurelia?" Aurelia nods numbly, glancing over shoulder at her friends. Oh, Merlin, she hopes they're not too angry at her. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Okay I tried rewriting this chapter but uh it still didn't turn out the way I wanted it to BUT it's much better than the original and I'm semi-satisfied with it, enough that I am willing to post it and HOPE to the greater giving fuck of the universe that y'all won't find it as bad as I do. A few notes about this chapter: (1) Aurelia and Noelle's relationship is supposed to come out of the blue (yes that's a pun) and I know they don't know each that well but they're young and very obviously their relationship is not going to last, they are both aware of that, Noelle's leaving at the end of the year, Aurelia's not sure if she like-likes Noelle enough. Their relationship is supposed to feel rushed! (2) Some of y'all will probably be angry that Aurelia's not dating Neville but Make Them Gold is more focused on their friendship and it will always be about their friendship, the most important thing to Aurelia is their friendship. She loves Neville platonically and romantically and whether or not they end up together (spoiler alert they do, I promise,,, eventually) Aurelia would rather have their friendship than not have Neville at all. (3) In my mind, I don't really see the Wizarding World focusing too much on Mental Illnesses for the main reason that their mental, they're in your brain, I feel like they'd be too nervous to use magic on their brains so they just sweep it aside. Which is why I believe they never did anything to help the Longbottoms, Lockhart, and Ariana. I like to think the Muggle world is slightly more advanced when it comes to treating Mental Illnesses. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it!
NEVILLE CAN'T STAY MAD AT AURELIA. SEAMUS and Dean, however, can. It's been a whole day since he last spoke to Aurelia, mostly due to the fact Seamus refused to let Neville say a word to her but somewhat because Aurelia had spent most of Sunday with Noelle. He's upset that Aurelia decided to date Noelle but ignoring her like Seamus thinks he should do just sounds dumb. He doesn't want to lose Aurelia because of this even if he doesn't understand why she'd want to date Noelle, he doesn't want her to date the Durmstrang girl for many reasons. There's no way around it: he's jealous. Completely, utterly, miserably jealous of Noelle. It's not fair, he's known Aurelia longer. He's not the one leaving at the end of the year. Noelle, in his mind, doesn't deserve Aurelia. Neville grumbles angrily as he does up his tie. Maybe you should've asked Ari out sooner, you gutless egg — Merlin, you even sound like Ari! It's not fair, Neville's had a crush on her since second year, he only realised in third year that it was a crush when he got a paper cut and she had given him a 'Scooby Doo' band-aid and kissed it better. He's been, as Seamus says, whipped ever since. Noelle probably doesn't even really like Aurelia. Noelle doesn't know Aurelia, she doesn't — why are you bothering to go over this when you know you're not going to say anything about it. Neville scowls at his reflection, he's not going to say anything, even if he wasn't a total coward he still wouldn't say a word to Aurelia, this is what she wants. She's happy being with Noelle — she smiled so prettily when Noelle had asked her out, maybe one day she'll smile at me like that if I ever get the guts to ask her out. At least she's happy, Neville tells himself, she's his best friend who he'd much rather see happy than have her all to himself. She deserves to be happy. If she's happy, he's happy. Only, he's a little sad that she's not dating him — oh, quit moping, Neville! Neville becomes aware that Seamus is instructing him not to talk to Ari today, the Irish boy pokes his arm multiple times trying to get his attention. "You know what to do, right? Hey, Nev?" Neville rolls his eyes "Yeah, but it's a stupid idea and I'm not going to do it." Ari would be proud of that response! Neville praises himself. Seamus sighs exasperatedly "But —" Neville shakes his head "No. It — It's not fair nor is it right for me to — to ignore her just because she's got a girlfriend." "But, it is! She almost kisses you and then goes off and dates a stranger like some kind of slag!" Seamus exclaims. Dean looks between Seamus and Neville, the look on Neville's face is a surprising one. "Don't. Call. Her. That." Neville grits out. Seamus glances at Dean, wondering if he should take Neville seriously. Seamus nods his head slowly while Dean suppresses a snicker. "She is not a slag! She was just try — trying to kiss my cheek, it was dark — this is — is why I did — didn't want to tell you about that." Seamus gives Neville a look and this time Dean can't hold back his snickers. "Then why," Seamus begins dramatically, "Did ya run into our dorm yellin' "ARIALMOSTKISSEDME!' huh, Lover Boy?" Neville scowls, blushing "What — whatever. I — I'm not go — going to ignore her. Th — that's a stupid idea. Ari's got every right to kiss or — or date whoever she likes and as her — her best friend I should be sup — supportive of that." he says firmly, even though he feels the exact opposite of what he just said. Both Dean and Seamus laugh in disbelief, Neville sighs as he leaves the dorm which causes the other two to laugh louder. Down in the common room, the few straggling students are reading the Daily Prophet but when Neville stumbles on the last few steps, they look up at him. They keep staring at him even after he composes himself, leaving him to wonder if he put his shirt on backwards again. "Wh — what?" He questions nervously, feeling small. One second-year moves forward and hands him the newspaper. He scans through it, the headline gives his heart a start and makes his mouth run dry. The first paragraph practically shoots his nerves. "Oh no!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia wants to kills Rita Skeeter, she doesn't think she's ever wanted to kill someone before — not this bad at least. Half the common room had steered clear of her this morning — so much for loyalty! Those fuckers! The worst part of the article is the fact Rita Skeeter had the audacity to bad-mouth Remus, to insinuate that he was the one who 'bit' her. How dare she?! Aurelia wants revenge like she's never wanted revenge before. She'll have to have a little chat with Elliot and the twins later. How dare Skeeter have a go at Remus like that. Aurelia is bloody pissed that Skeeter wrote an article trying to convince everyone that she's a werewolf but the fact Skeeter brought Remus into this pisses her off even more. Nat sits across from her folding any copies of the newspaper that she can get her hands on into little origami dogs. Beside her sits Olivia who huffs, an annoyed expression on her face as she rolls her eyes. Olivia hands her copy of the Daily Prophet to Nat, saying "That's a load of crap! Who does this woman even think she is?!" Aurelia wipes away angry tears as she internally curses Skeeter out. "Maybe if we get Grease Lightning to breathe too loudly she'll write an article about him and everyone will forget this mess." Olivia suggests sarcastically. Aurelia laughs weakly "May — maybe." "Anywho — whoever believes this article is a mouldy Niffler!" Olivia declares. Aurelia and Nat share a look, holding back snickers. "Liv, do you even know what a Niffler is?" Nat questions, organising her army of origami dogs. "Nope." Olivia replies. Nat laughs, shaking her head. "Well, there must be a lot of mouldy Nifflers 'round here because almost everyone seems to believe this article." Aurelia mumbles. Crabbe and Warrington had convinced the first-year Slytherins that the article is true which had resulted in one of them crying in fear. Millicent Bulstrode had followed her down a corridor howling after her, which had left Aurelia very unnerved. One second-year Gryffindor had even called her a monster. "The first task is tomorrow." Nat points out, moving on to fold some napkins. "Don't remind me." Aurelia grumbles, "Where's Neville? Have ye seen him come in yet?" "Nah, are you fighting or something?" Olivia wonders, "I didn't see you hanging out with him at all yesterday? In fact you were with that Noelle girl the whole time, practically attached at the hip." Aurelia tries to hide her blush but Olivia sees it before she can, the latter grins slyly. "Oh my God! What is going on with you and that girl — were you on a date —" "Sod off, no I wasn't! And, for your information, Liv, I wasn't with Noelle all day, I talked to Fleur Dealcour for at least an hour!" Aurelia rebuts. Olivia rolls her eyes, but Nat looks up with a dreamy gaze on her face "You talked to Fleur Delacour? Are you friends? Ooh, I want to be her friend!" "I guess we're friends, I told her about the first task yesterday and she was really grateful about it. She's actually pretty nice." Aurelia says, watching slightly amused as Nat fawns over the French girl she barely knows. "I heard from Seamus that you're dating Noelle, he was pretty pissed about it." Olivia says. Aurelia inwardly panics, why was Seamus mad? He can't be mad because she likes girls, can he? After all he likes Dean, he can't judge her for that. He can't, can he? "I said 'sod off'. I don't want to discuss Noelle with you and no. We ain't dating." Aurelia asks, her Scottish accent getting thick with fear. "I don't think they're dating, Aurelia wouldn't date someone she barely knows." Nat remarks. Aurelia stands up "Sod off! Stop acting like a bunch o' fuds!" Olivia gasps, pretending to be hurt by the insult "You wound me, Blue, truly and deeply wound me." Aurelia wasn't having any of it, she's more scared than she is angry, and she does what she does best, she runs away from the problem. Leaving, the Great Hall, Aurelia starts looking for Neville though she should probably be looking for Noelle. Her girlfriend. But, all she can concern herself with besides the overwhelming fear of people actually knowing that she likes girls, is finding Neville. Aurelia doesn't want anyone to be able to put a label on her, she doesn't want be to know there's truth to their judgement. She supposes, at this point, she doesn't care if anyone assumes she's bisexual. They can't really judge her if they just assume. They can't. Which is why, Aurelia had asked Noelle not to tell anyone they're dating. It's supposed to be a secret relationship, she just didn't want to go around telling other people they're actually dating. They can act like the couple they are but when or if anyone asks, they're only friends. Which, Aurelia realises, probably sounds stupid but it makes her feel better. Safer. Why have I said yes? Aurelia wonders but quickly shakes her head — you like Noelle, she's pretty and she's nice. It'll be a nice little fling. Possibly more if things go well — ❝My friend!❞ Fleur calls out in French, distracting Aurelia from her thoughts. The blonde is approaching her, wearing a pretty grin on her pretty face. Aurelia had run into Fleur yesterday when hanging out with Noelle, which had been a perfect time for Aurelia to warn her about the first task and Fleur had deeply appreciated it. ❝Oh, Fleur! Uh, Hello . . . Look, if this is about the article, it's not true.❞ Aurelia says in French, hoping that she said it correctly. It had been years since Aurelia had to speak French, so she reckons she's a bit foggy. ❝No, that's not what I want to talk about.❞ Fleur says, ❝You're very right! It is dragons, Madam Maxime told me she saw them, there's one for each of us, a Welsh Green, Swedish Snout, Horntail, and a Hadrian Black.❞ ❝Hebridean Black!❞ Aurelia corrects, ❝Did she mention which dragon has been assigned to who?❞ Fleur shakes her head. ❝Merde!❞ Aurelia swears. ❝I don't think it matters, they must just be giving us the dragons randomly — oh, by the way your girlfriend is looking for you!❞ ❝Great just — wait, what? What did you just say?❞ ❝This Durmstrang girl, said she was looking for her girlfriend — you.❞ Aurelia freezes, she had told Noelle not to tell anyone that they were specifically dating. She didn't want anyone to know outside of Seamus, Dean, and Neville, who had seen it happen. Noelle had been mad at first, saying she didn't want to have a secret relationship, Aurelia had promised her it wouldn't be secret. They could hold hands, hug, and kiss each other's cheek, and all the other cute shit couples do just as long as no one is told that they're dating. Noelle had told her she understood, why was she going around and doing the exact opposite of what Aurelia had asked of her? It had been so simple, to Aurelia at least, she didn't want anyone to know that she liked girls. God, she's terrified. What if people are ashamed of her, liking girls has always been taboo in her family. Aurelia, herself, still hasn't completely accepted she likes girls. She's been more accepting of it these past few months but she's still not ready for everyone to know. Why did you say yes then? Her head hurts, if you're so damned afraid, why did you say yes? Because you like Noelle, Aurelia tells herself, even if you haven't accepted it yet. You like Noelle, even if that scares you. You like her and you want to be with her. ❝Aurelia, are you alright?❞ Fleur asks. Aurelia nods ❝Yeah — uh, I — I'm fine, that article, it —❞ "Zey are wrong, Aurelia, you are sweet and kind. Do not believe zat article, you are much better zhan zat." Fleur says, smiling kindly at her. Aurelia smiles gratefully "Thank you, Fleur." Fleur smiles brightly then kisses both Aurelia's cheeks before skipping off. Aurelia doesn't mean to sound self-centred but she's pretty sure she's Fleur's favourite person at Hogwarts. Fleur seems to like her far more than just an appreciation for Aurelia's willingness to help her with the tournament. In fact, as far as Aurelia can tell, all the Triwizard champions are her friends. Fleur and Viktor don't see her as competition as she doesn't really care about winning (she guesses it might be nice) and her and Cedric had been really close friends since first year, and Harry's a pretty good friend even if they don't talk that much. But, the four of them like her well enough, if any good comes from the tournament it'd be the fact she gained two new friends. Aurelia continues down the hall, a group of first years start to whisper as she passes by them, doing nothing to help the rumours, she bares her teeth at them. They gasp loudly in surprise before scampering off down the hallway. She rolls her eyes before continuing her way to the Gryffindor common room, she's about three floors up when she runs into Neville. "Oof!" Neville exclaims, falling on his butt. ❝Putain!❞ Aurelia curses, tripping over his feet. "Poutine?" Neville echoes, helping her up and then looking over her to make sure she hadn't injured herself in the fall. She bruised and scraped easily, so it wouldn't be surprising. "No — putain. French for fuck." Aurelia explains quickly as Neville wipes something off her striped sweater. "Look, Neville —" "I know. The article is fake. I know." "Well, technically, I was with Remus yesterday but not because of the reasons Skeeter says I was." "I believe you. I'm sorry about sat — Saturday. I — I — I shouldn't have gotten so up — upset with you. It wasn't right, I'm sorry." "Don't apologize, Nev, you've got nothing to be sorry for." Aurelia assures him, grabbing his hand and squeezing it for good measure, "For the record, I'd never lie to you — er — the scars don't really count." Neville laughs lightly, changing the subject as he asks: "How'd you — your girlfriend handle the art — article?" Please tell me she broke up with you. Please say she broke up with you — wait . . . Oh, Merlin! Am I a horrible person for hoping for these things? Neville internally panics, still a part of him prays that Noelle ended things with Aurelia. He does not say this out loud. "Shh, don't call her that so loudly! And, I don't know exactly. I've not spoken with her this mornin' but knowing me luck she won't take it well." Aurelia sighs. "I do have to go find her soon." Aurelia adds, there's a flicker of fear in her eyes and Neville doesn't like it one bit. "If she doesn't take it well you can bet Newton, Nat, and Abbott'll kick her butt and I'll cheer them on from the sidelines." Neville jokes, "But, I'm sure she'll handle it well, she'll let you explain everything." He pulls her into a tight hug and suddenly Aurelia would much rather stay in his embrace than confront Noelle, she'd of probably done just that if it hadn't been for the fact Noelle's going around calling Aurelia her girlfriend, practically outing her to everyone. You should probably go stop that before she tells the whole school. "Nev?" Aurelia mumbles against his burgundy jumper, "I've really got to find Noelle." "Oh." "Can you come with me?" ". . . Sure." Aurelia gives him a small, grateful smile before leading him back to the Great Hall. Along the way, she explains to him everything that had happened to her these morning, from being verbally attacked by little children, to getting howled at by Bulstrode, to Noelle doing the exact opposite of what she had asked of her. The latter of the events is what bugs Aurelia most as she spends most of the walk back rambling about it. "Dump her." Is Neville solution to the problem, "Dump her." isn't the solution Aurelia's looking for so Neville doesn't offer it. Entering the Entrance Hall, Aurelia asks if he'd like to help her practice for the first task one last time, and of course, he says yes. "You're going to do great tomorrow, Ari." He says. Aurelia nervously licks her lips "I hope so — oh." Noelle's approaching them at a rapid pace, a copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her right hand. Aurelia's face drains of all colour as Noelle starts yelling at her in German. Aurelia tries to explain but Noelle won't have any of it as she lashes out in her native tongue, screaming words neither Aurelia or Neville understand. After five minutes, Noelle stops yelling and sneers at Aurelia. "Are you breaking up with me?" Aurelia whimpers. She knew the relationship wasn't going to last but she expected it to go on for a bit longer than this. "No." Noelle says shortly then stalks off before Aurelia can explain herself. "I think she broke up with me." Aurelia whispers to Neville. Thank Merlin, Neville thinks. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ She doesn't see Noelle for the rest of the day, Aurelia's not sure if that's because Noelle's ignoring her or because she just doesn't see her. Aurelia's absolutely positive that it's the latter. However, as much as it bugs her, it's the least of her worries. She's got less than twenty-four hours to make sure she's got her plan for the first task down pat. Aurelia's determined to not die during the first task. She wants to make it to the third at the very least, it'll be great to prove to whoever put her name in the goblet that she's not as weak as they thought she was. "Somnum Mortem." Aurelia mumbles as she sits in an empty classroom. Her wand's pointed at a potted plant that Neville had supplied for her, the said plant begins to wilt rapidly after being hit by a greenish-white light. "Vivifica Somnum." She says, another flash of the same coloured light hits the plant and it comes back to life just as quickly. Aurelia's been at this for ten minutes now, getting the same result every time. The spell's had the same effect ever since she got the wording and the movement just right years back. It's worked ever since she got the 'z' movement down for it but she's still nervous that it won't work when she needs it most. Neville enters the classroom, struggling to hold a pile of books. "What's with the books?" Aurelia wonders, coming over to help him. "Oh, I — well, I figured it might help you to know some information on the dragons you've got to face tomorrow. Just in case something does go wrong — not that I think it will, I think your plan is brilliant — you're so worried that it might not work so I thought may — maybe these books could give you an idea for a back-up plan, j — just —" Aurelia grabs the books from him and kisses his cheek "Thanks, Plant Boy." "No — no prob — problem." Neville stammers breathlessly. The pair get to work, practicing for hours on end. Aurelia goes between her wand and the books. A few hours into their session study of sorts, Neville offers to be the test subject for her spell and Aurelia reluctantly agrees. It works perfectly fine, Neville grows even more intrigued with the spell. He rambles on about how brilliant he thinks the spell is "Why'd you make it? Is it meant for your nightmares?" "A new Killing Curse." Aurelia says, she hadn't meant to be so blunt about it and she hadn't meant to explain it so badly. It's just that no one's ever really asked her why she's created a spell, so she might've panicked. Neville pales, he must've misheard her "B — b — but that doesn't kill you, it just puts you to sleep doesn't it. I mean I could hear and see everything around me b — b — but it felt like I was asleep." "Technically it's only supposed to fake kill you. And only part of your brain is asleep, I reckon. I don't know all the finer details of the spell or what it does to your body exactly all I know is that it's not supposed to hurt anyone as long as they're not under it for days on end. I guess the best way to describe it is, a body-binder that stops even yer eyes from moving." Aurelia explains quickly, "I made it to be like a Killing Curse, I made it to mock it. The spell makes ye look dead, if I were to touch you I would think you're dead because I wouldn't be able to feel yer breathe or yer pulse. The spell hides that from others. Your heart and everything is still working on the inside but on the outside it doesn't appear that way. I thought it'd be useful eventually. I got to work out a few kinks, work on the hand movement the pronunciation but one day I want to spread it to the wrong hands. . . Make people think it's actually a Killing Curse and keep the counter-curse in the right hands. If it gets popular enough, the death toll could go down." "Wow, that's brilliant, Ari. Really." Neville praises her, "Imagine if this had been around during the first war, I think my par — parents would've loved it." Aurelia grins "Really?" Neville nods, grinning right back at her "I — I really do . . . I bet this spell'll guarantee you first place tomorrow!" Aurelia blushes and quickly busies herself with a book — you've got a girlfriend, you egg! At least, you're ninety-nine point nine percent certain you still do! Stop getting all blushy over Neville, I don't care how damned cute you think he is, you can't think he's cute right now! Good Godric, you're such a mess! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The morning of the first task is the absolute worst and she knows that the moment she wakes up. Her friends' enthusiastic support does nothing but irritate her even if she does appreciate it deep down. She knows it shouldn't but it does. Noelle completely ignores her unless it's to insist that she's not breaking up with her which offsets her most of all. Well, she did wish you good luck . . . Yeah, but she did that passive-aggressively. Most of her house-mates focus on Cedric and Aurelia doesn't mind because he's the official champion whereas Aurelia's the forced, underage champion that didn't really want to be part of it. Besides, Cedric's the sociable, golden boy with a nice face and Aurelia's the tall, skinny tree with a bitch face and a sarcastic attitude. It's plain to see who's easier to root for. That's not to say they don't support her at all, they did wish her luck and all that jazz but it's clear to Aurelia that she's not their favourite. Besides, having her friend's support, even if it's irritating the fuck out of her, is a lot better than having everyone's support. Aurelia's bad mood lasts all the through lunch even with Neville by her side, she still finds herself feeling irritated and upset. She doesn't want to do this. She doesn't want to be apart of this tournament and the only one who seems to comprehend this fact is Neville and even he can't make her feel better. Neville doesn't bring up the first task that's less than a hour away from starting. Instead he makes small talk that Aurelia pays no mind to as she chews on her sandwich and thinks of all the ways this could go wrong. Her other friends had gone on to pester Cedric whether that was because they wanted to divide their support equally or because they got angry that Aurelia seemed to basically ignore their praise, she doesn't know. All she knows is that she's glad they're not cheering in her ear, which Aurelia thinks might make her sound like an asshole, she just couldn't help it. " — Who knows though. May — maybe it'll rain and — and then maybe the dragon won't — Oh. Professor Sprout's coming." Neville points out. Aurelia's dread increases ten-fold. It's time. "Can I like maybe not do this?" Aurelia asks Professor Sprout as she approaches the table. Sprout gives her a fond smile and shakes her head as she beckons Aurelia to follow her. Before she gets up, Neville quickly kisses her cheek, stammering a 'good luck.' Aurelia blushes as she thanks him before following Sprout out of the Great Hall. Sprout leads her down to the forest where Aurelia's supposed to get ready for the first task. Along the way, Sprout gives her some pointers and tips but they just float through one ear and out the other. Everything around Aurelia seems so far away, she's walking but she doesn't feel the ground. It's weird and she doesn't like it. How the fuck is she supposed to fight a dragon feeling like this? Merlin, she's screwed. The feeling of floating and the sound of words that don't resonate completely in her brain lasts until she gets to tent, where it all seems to come crashing down on her seconds after Sprout gives her a pat on the back. Aurelia takes a deep breath, she still feels weird but at least she can feel the ground beneath her feet. It still feels blurry as Aurelia steps into the champions' tent, I'm going to die, Aurelia thinks, if I keep acting like this! As she expects, Bagman completely ignores her when she enters, he's too busy waiting for Harry to show up. Viktor gives her a curt nod and Fleur gives her a small smile as she passes them to sit next to Cedric. Neither Hufflepuff say anything as they wait for Harry to arrive so the first task can officially start. "Harry! Good-o!" Bagman exclaims happily, not even ten minutes after Aurelia had arrived. "Come in! Come in, make yourself at home!" Bagman says happily as though none of the champions have a chance of getting eaten by a bloody dragon. Aurelia rolls her eyes, wishing that something would happen to cause the tournament to cancel. "Well, now we're all here, it's time to fill you in! When the audience has assembled, I'm going to be offering each of you this bag from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! There are different — er — varieties, you see. And I have to tell you something else too . . . ah, yes . . . your task is to collect the golden egg!" "A golden egg? Is it out ticket it to a chocolate factory or somethin'?" Aurelia grumbles sarcastically. Internally, she's freaking the fuck out because they want them to steal an egg from a fucking dragon! What. The. Actual. Fuck. The sounds of a gathering crowd are soon heard and Bagman offers up the purple bag that Aurelia assumes are filled with mini dragons. He hands the bag to Fleur first, saying: "Ladies first." She pulls out a miniature Welsh Green with a number two around its' neck. Bagman goes to pass the bag to Krum but Aurelia clears her throat loudly. "The fook happened tae ladies first, Bagman?" Aurelia demands, accent getting thick with irritation. This is getting ridiculous! Bagman chuckles apologetically and hands her the bag, she rolls her eyes at him. Don't be the Horntail. Don't be the Horntail. Don't be the Horntail. Aurelia withdrawals a tiny Hebridean Black with a number one around its' neck. Oh no, she thinks, not these fuckers. Hebridean Blacks aren't as bad as Horntails but they can be pretty nasty. Not to mention, extremely territorial. A baby Hebridean had once wandered into the Almerry gardens and burnt Elliot's hand to a crisp for getting to close to it. They had to call upon the MacFustys to deal with it. Krum gets a Chinese Fireball with a number three, Cedric gets a Swedish Short-Snout with a number four. Leaving the Horntail for Harry. How shocking. Bagman explains that the numbers indicate which order the champions will have to fight their dragons in. Aurelia's first. Fuck. She can officially say her and Harry have the worst luck in the entire world. At this very moment, she thinks, her luck's worse than his. Her throat constricts and her mouth runs dry, it feels like the tent walls are closing in on her. She's so not ready for this. Before she knows it, the whistle blows signalling her turn. Cedric has to push her forward to get her to move, he reassures her that she'll do just fine but his words barely register in her brain before she's stepping into the enclosure — possibly about to meet her doom. The Hebridean Black is on the other side of the enclosure, it doesn't seem to notice that she's there as it starts to curl around the eggs. She raises her wand to put the dragon into a very deep sleep, completely unaware of the tail headed her way. "ARI!" She hears Neville scream from somewhere in the crowd but it's too late — SMACK! The tail collides with her midsection, sending to the ground. Her head smashes against the ground with a sickening crack and she cries out in pain. The dragon is now very aware that she's there. It stands up, feeling threatened, ready to find the source of the threat. It doesn't take long to find her, curled up into a ball, sobbing. Aurelia sobs as her head and stomach ache in pain. Agonising pain, her entire body feels like it's on fire. She hears the sound of leaves crunching. The sound is sharp, like the leaves are made of glass and they're being crushed, there's a low growling, grumbling sound — the sound of the werewolf. Oh, God. She's coming. She's right there. It's going to kill you. Aurelia struggles to breathe, the sound of people screaming her name though distance tells her something's not right. Not real. No one should be screaming her name just yet. Right? Right. And those leaves shouldn't sound like that . . . The werewolf isn't here. Can't be here. You're supposed to be fighting a dragon, not fending yourself from a werewolf. You're at Hogwarts. Remember. Remember. Aurelia tries to breathe, tries to talk herself down, the werewolf is — "ARI! GET UP! GET UP!" Neville shrieks loudly. There's no werewolf because he's here. You didn't know him back when the werewolf attacked you. Remember. Do you remember. See, you're safe. Not in the forest, well not in that forest. Safe. No werewolf. Aurelia looks up and everything's blurry but she can make out a dark shape looming over her and she panics. She lets out a terrified scream — it's the werewolf! The fiery feeling in her body increases as does the fear for her life. The dragon goes to hit Aurelia with its' tail, this time on purpose. She's unaware of this as she tries to crawl away from the werewolf, it won't go away — it must be real. It's back. Oh, God. Suddenly the werewolf lunges for her, instead of attacking her with its' claws it attacks her with its' jaw. The werewolf's sharp teeth sink into her stomach and she feel the horrible pain of her flesh being torn apart. Oh, God! She screams, this can't be happening! The dragon's inches away from slamming into her when suddenly it recoils as if it's been burned. There's a small flash purple light that goes unnoticed by everyone. Aurelia swallows thickly, wait, she digs her fingers into the ground — stones. Not leaves. Safe. The werewolf only scratched not bit. You are fighting a dragon not a werewolf — oh, shit! The dragon! Aurelia bolts to her feet, not her best idea as it makes her incredibly dizzy. In the distance, she's vaguely aware of Bagman broadcasting about what a shit job she's doing — dickhead. When she gets a good, clear but still rather blurry look at the Hebridean Black, it's angry, very angry. "Well, shit." She huffs, raising her wand. Aurelia blinks, attempting to clear her vision which is swimming violently. She feels so tired. Aurelia looks from the dragon to the nest, she wants to makes sure that when she hits the Hebridean with the spell that it won't fall on the eggs. Blinking twice more, Aurelia's positive that if she hits it now the eggs will stay safe and so she does, muttering: "Somnum Mortem." There's a greenish-white light that hits the dragon and the crowd falls into a stunned silence. They think she used the Killing Curse on the dragon, it looked similar enough. The only sound is the sound of Neville clapping and cheering enthusiastically. As Aurelia had theorised, the spell doesn't effect the dragon as strongly as it had effected Elliot, Neville, and the House-Elves she'd used it on. However, the fact the dragon went down with one hit makes it pretty convincing that she killed it. Since it hadn't worked as strongly on the Hebridean, it means it's possible it can wake up on its own, Aurelia wastes no time grabbing the golden egg. Before leaving the enclosure, Aurelia hits the dragon with the counter-curse. She stumbles back into the champions' tent not even bothering to see her score, she probably failed. Or got third place at most. Her vision's too blurry to read her score anyway, but the cheering she receives tells her she must've done pretty well. Professor Sprout directs in the direction of the medical tent, telling her to go see Madam Pomfrey to be healed. "Oh, dear." Pomfrey sighs the second Aurelia steps into the tent. Pomfrey examines her, telling her that she's bleeding at the top of her head and her stomach which is something Aurelia hadn't even realised. A whistle goes off and Bagman announces that it's Fleur Delacour's turn. Pomfrey goes about healing her, ranting about the tournament as she does so but most of the rant goes over Aurelia's head. Even Bagman's loud commentary goes through one ear and out the other for the most part. " — it's not as deep as I expected which is good . . . There's a lot —" Another whistle sounds, it's Krum's turn now. Meaning Cedric is next — a bright light invades her eyesight and the throbbing of her head dulls. A sharp pain stings her stomach and Aurelia yelps out, Pomfrey apologises as she goes about healing the deep gash on Aurelia's stomach. " — If the dragon caused this amount of damage on accident just imagine the damage she could've inflicted on purpose —" Aurelia still can't believe she had been knocked down that quickly. She really isn't cut out for this tournament. "It's a miracle you managed to stay conscious after receiving the blow to your head." Pomfrey comments then continues ranting about how much she despises the tournament. The Chinese Fireball lets out a roaring shriek as Pomfrey hands her a potion for her headache. Bagman announces that Krum did very well or something along those lines, Aurelia's head is still swimming. The fourth whistle blows and Aurelia's blood turns to ice. It's Cedric's turn. Maybe it's the potion that sharpens her thoughts or the fact she's extremely worried about Cedric's wellbeing but the crowd seems to be louder and more responsive this time around. Screaming and gasping with every move Cedric seems to make and Bagman's commentary does nothing to help her nerves. "Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow . . . He's taking risks, this one! . . . Clever move — pity it didn't work!" There's a deafening roar from the Short-Snout and Bagman shouts: "Very good indeed! Now the marks from the judges!" Minutes later Cedric enters the tent with a burned face, the fifth and final whistle sounds signalling the start of Harry's turn. Aurelia questions Cedric if he's okay and he barely has time to nod before Pomfrey is swooping down on him to patch him up. Bagman narrates Harry's turn more enthusiastically than the others, favouritism much? "Great Scott!" Bagman exclaims, "He can fly — are you watching this, Mr. Krum?! . . . Look at that! . . . Will you look at that indeed! Our youngest champion is the second fastest to grab their egg!" "Who was the fastest?" Aurelia wonders a little too loudly. "You." Pomfrey answers. Aurelia frowns, she can't have been the fastest. She felt like she had been lying on the ground for an hour at least "Really?" "Yes, Bagman said you recovered within ten minutes and because of that rather impressive spell you were able to recover the egg in less than five." Pomfrey explains. Professor Sprout comes bustling in "Mr. Diggory, congratulations on third place! Miss. Black, not that I am surprised, congratulations on —" "YA GOT FIRST PLACE, BABY!" Olivia exclaims as she flauntingly steps into the tent, Aurelia's other friends trail shortly behind her. All bearing the expressions of pride and concern. Neville rushes to her side, concernedly rambling: "Ari are you — you alright! Oh, your head that looked — sounded like it hurt a lot and your stomach — oh! Ari —" "Relax, Lover Boy! Our girl's totally fine!" Olivia tells Neville, smirking. I'm totally not, Aurelia thinks but nevertheless smiles and nods "I'm fuckin' peachy." She turns her hair a peach colour despite the fact the effort makes her head start throbbing again. It earns a laugh from all her friends so she thinks it's worth it. "As you should be, you beat, Potter!" Nat laughs. "What! Holy fuck, I didn't even expect to survive this task let alone get a higher score than Harry. Wow." Hannah laughs "Dumbledore gave you a higher score than Potter. He gave you a ten." "What does he want from me?" Aurelia mutters, it's too weird that Dumbledore put her before Harry. Suspicious even. Sprout gives Aurelia a pat on the back, whispering: "After you receive instructions for the second task, Dumbledore has asked that you come see him in his office." Aurelia frowns. Okay, she hadn't expected him to actually want something from her. "Am I in trouble?" Sprout shakes her head "I don't believe so." How reassuring. Sprout heads over to check on Cedric, Neville grabs her hand, looking quite nervous. "Hey — uh, Ari, did — did you want to may — maybe come to my common room to celebrate?" Aurelia glances at her dorm mates "Do you guys mind?" They grin, chorusing: "No, not at all." "Sure, Plant Boy, that sounds lovely." Neville grins goofily and Aurelia's heart skips at beat at the sight. Aurelia scolds herself as she looks away, she glances around the tent wondering if Noelle would be coming. The German girl doesn't end up showing her face and before Aurelia knows it, she carted back to the champions' tent where Bagman explains the next task. He tells them the clue to it is in the egg they've collected which should sound funny but to Aurelia, it just sounds foreboding. And, Aurelia really likes eggs — despite often using the word to insult people — it's one of her favourite foods. So, why the fuck is she intimidated by this overgrown golden egg?!
IT'S NOT THAT AURELIA DISLIKES DUMBLEDORE, IT'S that she doesn't like how he looks at her. It's like he's a cat who's looking at a bowl of cream that's just out of reach. If she's being honestly, it bloody scares her. Aurelia can't understand why he always looks at her like that. So, to say that Aurelia doesn't want to meet Dumbledore is an understatement but she goes anyway. The sooner she gets whatever this is over with, the better. What exactly could he want with her? It takes her an hour to get to Dumbledore's office. She had hid the golden egg in her dorm and on the way out she had been mobbed by a sea of cheering Hufflepuffs. Which is a lot harder to escape than it sounds. She hopes that Dumbledore doesn't keep her long as she would very much like to get to the Gryffindor common room as quickly as possible. Arriving at the statue that guards his office, Aurelia finds a Chocolate Frog on it which she quickly stuffs into her pocket. "Chocolate Frog." She says to the gargoyle which allows her access into the Headmaster's office. It's empty, she rolls her eyes, of course. "Wonderful time for a bathroom break, Albus." Aurelia mutters sarcastically, looking around the spacious office. Out in the open, Aurelia spots a Pensieve, her eyebrows furrow together. Perhaps this is has something to do with what Dumbledore wanted to discuss. Aurelia's familiar with Pensieves, she quite enjoys them. There's one at Almerry Castle that her and Elliot use often; Elliot for revising school work during holidays and Aurelia for storing away memories when they get too much for her to handle. Pensieves fascinated Aurelia but her favourite thing about them is they help her remember things like a normal person. Once she stores a certain memory away for safe keeping, it becomes less potent in her brain, it becomes blurry. It works like that for all her memories except the werewolf attack, that always remains burned into her memory. Even though she had stored that memory away she still remembered every single detail of what happened. She had stored a lot of obscure but strong memories of her Aunt Bellatrix away for the Pensieve so they wouldnt' be so clear. That did the trick, even though they were still in her mind they weren't as clear. Aurelia loves that, loves not being able to remember everything down to the finest detail. Aurelia traces her finger around the basin, curiosity welling inside her. Did whatever's inside the Pensieve have to do with what Dumbledore wanted from her? She leans closely, trying to get a good look at what's in the basin. Aurelia wants to see if she can find her memory self anywhere in it. She's got to be as she highly doubts Dumbledore would just leave his Pensieve out in the open knowing that he's got a student coming to speak with him. That's is unless he wants you too see it, a little voice in the back of her mind says, what if he wants you to look inside it . . . Stop it, just wait 'til he gets here to find out. Noticing she's getting a little to close, Aurelia pulls back slightly, she still wants to see if she can catch sight of her memory self somewhere in the Pensieve. Fawkes stretches his wings, the abrupt fluttering sound in the eerily quiet office startles Aurelia and she lurches forward. She panics thinking that it's Dumbledore returning and she tries to pull away but when she had went forward her nose had touched the liquid — "Oh, shit!" — and before she can stop it, she's being pulled into the memory. Today's really not my day, Aurelia thinks as she lands herself in a courtroom. She realises this must be what Dumbledore had wanted to discuss although she can't think of why but she does recall being in a courtroom once, Aurelia doesn't remember much else besides that it had been really cold and she didn't like being there. There's a possibility that this isn't the courtroom she remembers, Dumbledore's probably been to lots of trials but why would he leave it out when he wants to talk to her? Aurelia doubts it's a coincidence. "Please, Dumbledore!" Mae pleads from behind her. It's confirmed, this is the courtroom Aurelia remembers. On the bright-side, you'll finally get to learn why you were in a courtroom but you'll probably get expelled for snooping through your Headmaster's memories. "Please . . . Please, sir. She's mentally ill, Azkaban will only make her worse . . . Can't she be placed somewhere else?" Aurelia feels her blood run cold. Oh, God, what the fuck did I ever do to you?! This is her aunt's trial. "GOD FUCKING DAMN IT!" She screams, no one notices her. It's a memory, of course, they don't. Why couldn't this have been Sirius' trial — Sirius didn't get a trial, Aurelia reminds herself, that's what Auntie Meda said. She takes a deep breath, ready to push herself out of the memory when: "Mama?" She freezes, turning in her seat ever so slightly to catch sight of her little baby self. She's incredibly tiny, Aurelia can't believe she went from being that tiny to being a fucking tree, she's pale and freckled and wrapped in a yellow blanket — she's still got that yellow blanket. Her baby self is half-asleep, her hair's dark red to match Mae's hair and her dazed, warm blue eyes peer up at Mae curiously. Mae coos at her, smoothing down her red curls. Baby Aurelia gives a little yawn and grabs little fistfuls of Mae's blouse as she snuggles closer to her. Is this what Dumbledore had wanted to show her? Why? Does he want to see how many emotional breakdowns he can give her in one year? Aurelia glances around the courtroom, there aren't many people there just yet so she assumes the trial must just be starting. She glances back at her baby self, she's fallen back asleep by the looks of things, which explains why she doesn't remember much of this as she does with pretty much everything else she remembers. Mae continues to run her nimble fingers through the baby's red curls. "Mrs. Lestrange refuses any offer I've given her besides Azkaban. She keeps ranting and raving on about how guilty she is, she's turning the Ministry and the Aurors against any reason I have to give her a lighter sentence." Dumbledore replies. Even though he can't see her, Aurelia gives him a weird look, why on Earth would he want to give Bellatrix a lighter sentence. Unless — no, don't even think that! "But . . . But, Dumbledore. Sir, you know! Don't do this! Ye know — Ye know —" Mae whispers desperately. Dumbledore holds up a hand and Mae's plea comes to a halt, she looks quite affronted that he had stopped her. "I know, Miss. Macleod, I know." Dumbledore says calmly, "But, they'll never believe that, not with how she's acting. She's rather believable, isn't she . . . Mrs. Lestrange is far too gone in the eyes of the Minstry and the only acceptable place for her to go is Azkaban, so they believe. There's nothing I can do — or anyone for that matter can do about." Bellatrix deserved the sentence she got, she deserved worse than that yet Albus fucking Dumbledore, of all people, was sitting around saying that she could have a lighter sentence?! What the actual fuck is going on? Is she missing something here? Her aunt had been, without a doubt, sighted fleeing the Longbottoms the night of the attack. She did the same amount of damage as the Lestrange brothers and Barty Crouch Jr. she certainly did not deserve a lighter sentence. So, how come Dumbledore thought that she did? Something's not right. Mae scowls at him, saying nothing more on the matter as people start to pour into the courtroom. "Is little Elias still asleep?" Dumbledore asks lightly, changing the subject. Mae gives him a dirty look before nodding "Aye, wee thing didn't get much sleep last night, he's afraid that the Aurors are goin' to come back. I wanted to leave him in Brysen's care for the day but the wee lad refused to go." "Can't say I blame him, Brysen Macleod is a rather reckless character, if I recall correctly, he was never good with the younger students. That's why he didn't make Prefect." Dumbledore says amusedly. "He was never any good with my younger siblin's either. He's got a good heart, really he does, he's just not good with children no matter how hard he tries." Mae sighs softly, "He shouldn't never be in charge of wee ones for too long, especially not Ellie." Aurelia glances back again. In the seat next to Mae's sits a sprawled out four-year-old Elliot Macleod, who's still going by his birth name, Elias. He's out cold, his head is leaning against Mae's arm, his curly, long hair is masking most of his chubby face as he snores softly. "Ellie'll sleep right through this, I'll tell ye that. He only wanted to come because he knows he'll get to see Trix after this . . . He just doesn't know this'll be the last time he'll see her." Mae's in denial of what Bellatrix's done, Aurelia knows that, Mae's never been — would never be — one to let her feelings cloud her judgment so blindly. She must be in shock too. Aurelia feels terrible for her, she can't imagine the pain Mae must be going through at this time, it'd probably make Aurelia very angry if she tried to. Look at all the pain, her aunt had caused. Aurelia hopes she feels bad for what she's done. She hopes it's eating Bellatrix alive as she rots in Azkaban. "This is the first time Lia's stopped crying since, well, ye know . . . Narcissa gave me her for the day just so she wouldn't have to deal with the crying — Moody." Moody had slipped into the seat in front of Mae and next to Dumbledore. "Macleod." Moody greets stiffly, "How's the lad? Is he alright, McCaffey got him good, didn't he?" "Trix got McCaffey worse." Mae says blandly, "Ellie's fine, the spell didn't cause any lasting damage. Thank ye for askin' Moody. I'm sorry about McCaffey." "I'm sorry too, he had such potential." Moody says gruffly. They don't say much else besides some solemn small talk here and there for the next ten minutes until Barty Crouch Sr. speaks: "Bring them in." I think it's time for me to go, Aurelia thinks but she can't bring herself to move a muscle. She'd be lying if she said that this memory didn't captivate her in the least bit. Six Dementors glide in, flanking four soon-to-be prisoners. Three of which are her family. She vaguely recognises the Lestrange brothers, she doesn't have the fondest memories of the eldest, Rodolphus — from what she remembered of him, he loathed her. The youngest, Rabstan or 'Uncle Rabby' as she and Draco and once called him, had been nicer to her, as far as she remembers. The two of them are easy to tell apart despite sharing the same eyes in both shape and colour, they've the same hair colour and almost the exact same hairstyle. Their skin's the same tan tone, Rodolphus' skin seemed to be marred with small scars while Rabastan's seemed to be smoother than a baby's bottom. Rodolphus was taller and thickset, he wears a blank expression on his narrow face while he confidently walks towards the set of chairs; Rabastan was the shorter, thinner one. He's not nearly as confident as his brother, his eyes dart nervously around the courtroom as he's guided to the chairs. Then there's Barty Crouch Jr.; Aurelia doesn't have any distinct memories of him but he does have a familiar face — milky-white skin covered in freckles and straw-coloured, scraggly hair. He's the youngest of the group, Aurelia thinks he was the same age as Regulus. Unlike the others, he's putting on quite a show, kicking and screaming about how he didn't do it — he totally did. Aurelia almost doesn't want to look at her aunt, it might make her cry. She does anyway, knowing she's going to end up in tears whether or not she looks at Bellatrix. Her aunt, like herself, is quite tall. Aurelia thinks she's a little shorter than her, by a least a few inches. They've got the same heavy-lidded eyes but Aurelia's are wider in size, they're both blue, Bellatrix's eyes being a cool, grey-blue and Aurelia's being a warm, sky-like blue. They've got a similar face shape, Aurelia's face is more heart-shaped than Bellatrix, maybe that's because Bellatrix is very lacking of a literal heart. Even their skin-tone is the same, at the moment her aunt seems to be quite pale, almost sickly so. But, if she hadn't been surrounded by the Dementors, Aurelia's sure it's be the same pale-peach colour. Merlin, she hates how much she's got in common with this dreadful woman. Aurelia tries to list their differences so she doesn't make herself too angry, she's light and curly-haired compared to Bellatrix's dark waves of thick, shiny hair. Her jawline isn't as perfect or as sharp as her aunt's. Aurelia's jawline is noticably sharp as Olivia loves pointing it, but compared to Bellatrix's jawline which — as Olivia would say: "Oh my god, you jawline could totally cut me in half!" — Aurelia's jawline would only figuratively give someone a paper cut. And then, Aurelia groans angrily, the bane of her existence — their body-shapes. Aurelia's biggest insecurity thanks to her mother's friends. Aurelia's a fucking tree — an overgrown sunflower at the nicest, she's got no shape to her body, it's the straightest thing about her. She's got no boobs, no ass, and no hips. And this, in her parents' friend group was a big problem. How would she be the perfect Pureblood wife with a body like that, she may have only been a child at the time when this was discussed but her mother's friends were always predicting and making snide comments that she's going to grow into a terribly bland body. Of course, she's a Metamorphmagus she can change that but it's not the same as actually having it. Like, how her aunt has it. Her aunt's got the perfect Pureblood wife body, she's got the epitome of a womanly body from the hips to the boobs and it pisses Aurelia off. Out of all the things she had inherited from her aunt, why couldn't it have been that? Fuck you, genetics, fuck you. Okay, stop. Pointing out their differences had only made her angrier — wait, you've got better lips! Ha, take that Bellabitch! Aurelia studies her aunt's stoic expression, her lips are pressed together tightly making them look non-existent what she could see of her lips are chapped and cracked. Aurelia's lips are fuller, she's got a cupid's bow — Lavender and Parvati had told her that when she had got stuck with them once in the Gryffindor common room. Her lower lip was bigger than her top lip which often makes her look like she's almost constantly pouting. The Dementors have glided out of the courtroom having chained the four to their chairs, Bellatrix leans back in hers, looking nonchalant as ever. Aurelia grits her teeth as an overwhelming anger takes over her entire being. How can her aunt just not feel bad, feel sorry for what she's done? How can — Aurelia's breath catches in her throat as Bellatrix looks at her, well not at her, but, it seems like it for a moment then Aurelia realises she's looking at Mae. The corners of her aunt's lips twitch upwards and her gaze softens ever so slightly before her stoic expression returns. Crouch Sr. stands up and begins speaking: "You've been brought here before the Council of Magical Law so that we may pass judgement over you for a crime so heinous that we have rarely heard the likes of it within this court." He speaks loudly, trying to drown out his son's pleas. Aurelia continues to look at her aunt, who's now tapping her slender fingers against the arms of the chair. Crazy bitch. "We have heard the evidence against you. The four of you stand accused of capturing Aurors — Frank and Alice Longbottom — by means of the Cruciatus Curse, believing them to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exiled master, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named —" Crouch Jr. screams his innocence yet again, cutting Crouch Sr. off. Aurelia notices that Bellatrix had stopped tapping her fingers and is now holding onto the edges of the arms so tightly that her knuckles have turned a ghostly-white. Her expression once stoic and verging on bored had completely devoid of emotion, almost as if she's dead. Her eyes practically looked lifeless. "You are further accused of subjecting their infant son to very same curse when they wouldn't give you any information —" There are cries of outrage and Aurelia's entire body goes numb. She didn't know this. She didn't know. Neville had never told her this. Aurelia chokes back a sob as she glares down at the four. Rabastan has the decency to look slightly guilty but that doesn't mean he feels guilty, Crouch Jr. screams that he didn't do it and Rodolphus looks extremely smug, a smirk on his face that says 'Fuck yeah I did it, what about it?'. Then there's Bellatrix, much to Aurelia's surprise, looks genuinely shocked but it's only for a moment before she regains her composure. "You planned to restore He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named to his full power and resume the lives of violence you presumably led while he was strong. I now ask the jury to raise their hands if they believe, as I do, that their crimes deserve them a life sentence in Azkaban." Mae lets out a muffled sob from behind Aurelia as every single member of the jury raises their hand, the crowd around them starts clapping, their faces alight with savage triumph. Crouch Jr begins to scream as the Dementors reenter the courtroom to collect them, the other three rise from their seats quietly. Bellatrix looks up at Crouch "The Dark-Lord will rise again! Throw us in —" "MAMA!" Aurelia freezes. Everything seems to stop, the crowd, her heart, even time itself. Her baby self had woken up, possibly at the sound of her aunt's voice, she's standing unsteadily on Mae's lap, trying to get a good look at Bellatrix. "MAMA!" She wails, "MAMA! MAMA!" The crowd breaks out into a whisper, Mae pulls baby Aurelia out of sight but Bellatrix had seen her. She stands frozen, her face contorts in pain for a moment, her eyes glossed over and unfocused as she stares at Mae. Then like a flipped switch, her face becomes blank and she turns back to Crouch. Her voice sounds different this time, it verges on fear, like she's trying to warn them "He will rise again. When he does he will come for us and he will reward us far beyond any of his other supporters. We alone were faithful. We alone tried to find him!" The crowd jeers angrily as Bellatrix sweeps out of the courtroom. Her baby self lets out a muffled wail of "Mama!" but between the roaring crowd and the Crouch men having an heated family moment, it goes unnoticed. "Take them away and may they rot there!" Crouch Sr. declares as the memory starts to fade and Aurelia's suddenly lurched forward into a new memory. She finds herself in front of what she suspects to be a holding cell. "Mumma can we go see Ma now?" A small voice asks. Aurelia looks down to spot a four-year-old Elliot. He's peering up at Mae with wide, grey eyes, he pouts "You promised." Mae smiles sadly "I did no such thing, Elias, I said I might see her and then ye insisted on comin' with me." "But you brought baby and baby doesn't even want to come all baby wants to do is drool and cry." Elliot complains, sticking his nose in the air. "I was asked to bring her." Mae tells him. His nose wrinkles "Why?" She doesn't seem to have an answer for that as she turns to Dumbledore and a pink blob of a woman who's even shorter than Mae. The pink woman clears her throat "Dumbledore believes that these children will help keep Bellatrix subdued. She refuses to drink a Calming Draught and we don't want to bring a wand anywhere near her, who knows what she'll do if she managed to get ahold of it." "Why does Bellatrix need to be 'subdued'? Why isn't she in Azkaban?" Mae asks, snootily. Aurelia gets the feeling Mae doesn't like this woman. Dumbledore answers this time "I've discovered a few pieces of startling information and I believe Bellatrix knows more of these matters —" "And ye actually expect Tr — Bellatrix to answer yer questions?" "I do not." Annoying pink lady answers, "But, Dumbledore thought if —" "He got Ellie and Lia involved they could be used as leverage. Yer startin' to have a track record, Albus!" Mae accuses. "It's not something I enjoy —" Mae snorts "Could've fooled me — well, let's get this on with I'm sure the Ministry is not thrilled wit' yer decision to pluck a madwoman from prison on'y three day int'er life sentence." "Of course, Miss, Macleod, right this way." Annoying pink lady protests "But, Dumbledore, she shouldn't go in there! She's got no way to defend herself." "Defend myself from what, Dolores. Bellatrix would kill you before she killed me. I'm useful to her and you, well, you — you're just a half-blood." Mae laughs haughtily, shocking Aurelia. "You're a filthy Squib." Dolores counters. Aurelia turns and punches the woman, her fist goes right through annoying pink lady or Dolores as Mae called her. She fumes as memory continues on, how dare this woman call Mae filthy! "Dolores, please." Dumbledore says. Dolores scowls but says nothing more. Mae sneers at Dolores, hugging baby Aurelia close to her chest and grabbing Elliot's tiny hand. She follows Dolores and Dumbledore into the holding cell. Anxiousness takes ahold of her entire being, there's a soft buzzing filling her head. She suddenly doesn't feel all that great and it's all because of how Bellatrix, despite an obvious, nasty head injury, perks up instantly at the sight of the yellow bundle in Mae's arms. Why is her aunt looking at her like that? Why does her aunt always look at her like that? As though Aurelia's the most important thing in the world — like shes' her own daughter. Aurelia chokes on the air. No. She can't be, Bellatrix had never pegged Aurelia as the type to have a kid despite being very motherly in her memories. But, it's possible. No, she shakes her head but the insecurity is relentless, you know that. It's always been possible. Deep down you've always known it could be possible — no. No. No. No. Aurelia breathes heavily, you know who you are and that is a Malfoy. That's who you are. Her mind's racing and she tries her best to focus on the memory in front of her. Elliot's smiling, shrieking excitedly as he toddles forward and Bellatrix tears her gaze away from baby Aurelia to give him a distracted but soft smile. "Ma!" He cries happily, hugging her leg. Elliot shudders, Bellatrix must be freezing from Azkaban; he pulls away from her, saying "Ma, you cold." "Up!" Elliot demands but she can't pick him up because of the chains. Dumbledore takes a seat opposite Bellatrix, in between them sits a metal table upon which Dumbledore places a book he's pulled from his robes. Bellatrix tenses at the sight of it and Elliot's demand falls on deaf ears. Of course, Elliot being Elliot, decides to climb onto Bellatrix's lap. There's genuine fear in her eyes but her face remains rather blank with the exception of her lips quivering. Still, when she answers, her voice is steady: "Am I supposed to know what that is?" she raises an eyebrow, giving Dumbledore an unimpressed look. "It was found in your study at Lestrange Manor." "Doesn't mean it's mine, Albus, does it have my name on it?" There's a moment of silence, Dumbledore looks exasperated, Dolores looks furious, and Mae looks like she's struggling not to laugh and cry at the same time. Her baby self had poked her head out of the blanket, no doubt at the sound of her aunt's — possibly mother. Shut up. — voice. "Mama?" Baby Aurelia asks groggily. Bellatrix's demeanour changes drastically, Dumbledore asks once more about the book and Bellatrix denies that it's her book but less defensively this time. Her eyes are locked on baby Aurelia, who's staring right back at her with wide, tear-filled eyes. "Mama?" Dolores suddenly rips baby Aurelia from Mae's grasp and brandishes her in front of Bellatrix like she's some kind of weapon. Baby Aurelia lets out a sharp cry and Aurelia vaguely remembers this. She remembers someone had yanked her out of, who until now, Aurelia had thought to be her mother's arms. She also remembers that it ends with her biting the person. Good, the pink bitch deserves it. Everything else about this is blurry in her memories. "Answer his question truthfully, Lestrange!" "Or what, half-blood? Are you going to hurt an innocent baby? That won't look good for your reputation." Bellatrix taunts, she sounds calm but she looks close to losing her shit. Her nostril are flaring as she breathes heavily, her extremely pale face had gained some colour. Aurelia's surprised her voice is that steady. What's so important about this book anyway? Aurelia wonders. It's an old book, she recognises the name of the author: Ian Hattersley. His family used to be part of the Scared Twenty-Eight until the late eighteen hundreds when they started fraternising with Muggles and vampires. The book title is even more familiar to Aurelia. Donum Vitaes: Wizard Kind's Greatest Defence Mechanism One of the nicknames Mae's given her, well the Donum Vitae part of it. She's never heard of spell called that before. "Why would I like about ownership of a bloody book? It's not my book, why would I waste my time reading about a dead magic, I was too busy serving the Dark Lord, I had no time to waste. Now could you please stop shaking her like that, you'll give her brain damage, Dolores." Bellatrix snaps, the last bit has a twinge of pleading to it. "I have a very good reason for you to have used this book, Mrs. Lestrange." Dumbledore says. Aurelia feels a hand on her shoulder and Dumbledore, the real Dumbledore, asks her to return to his office. "To save —" Memory Dumbledore says but it becomes muffled as she's pulled out of the Pensieve. Aurelia's quite glad to get out of the memory but at the same time she's rather nervous to face Dumbledore. At any point she could've left the memory but she hadn't because she's a nosy little bitch. She gives Dumbledore a flustered smile "Y'know the saying: 'curiosity killed the cat', sir?" Dumbledore smiles amusedly "Curiosity is not a sin, Aurelia." "I'm really sorry, sir! I didn't mean to look in. I was just glancing at it, y'know to see if I was in it, I thought this might've had something to do with why I was asked to be here and then Fawkes scared me and boom! I was in the memory. I could've left at any moment but I didn't and I'm so sorry for doing that." "I am not angry with you, Aurelia, we are both at fault for this situation. I shouldn't have left the Pensieve open like that but I had some unexpected and urgent business to attend to and it slipped my mind." Aurelia frowns "So . . . The Pensieve didn't have anything to do with what you wanted to talk about?" "Yes and no . . . At first it had everything to do with what I wanted to discuss. Of course, I had no intentions of showing you the memories I was merely looking them over to see if my theory was correct. You see I believed that you had used similar magic on that dragon to the one mentioned in the memory but I realised while attending to my business that this can't be possible. Then I recalled Mr. Lupin mentioning you created your own spells, that made much more sense than you practicing such ancient magic." Dumbledore explains but Aurelia's still got a nagging feeling that he wanted her to see those memories. "You . . . You want to know about my spell? Did the spell hurt the dragon? It — it wasn't supposed to!" Aurelia panics. "The dragon is in perfect health, the spell you used has intrigued the Dragon Tamers. They say it'd be very efficient if they had that type of magic." Aurelia blushes, she enjoyed the praise but she's definitely not ready to hand over the spell just yet, not even for Charlie "Well, I agree, it's a rather interesting spell I found in the library I can't quite recall the incantation but I do know the movement. You could check my library records if you must." Dumbledore's eyes twinkle amusement "Cunning and clever, you are a lot like Bellatrix, she always knew how to cover her track even when she was a young girl." She bites her lip, feeling very angry and scared at the same time, she's got so many questions running through her head. Why had she been in that courtroom in the first place? Why had Dumbledore wanted to get Bellatrix a lighter sentence? Why had he let that pink woman use her like that, more importantly why had it seemed to actually work? "Sir . . . Is she . . . Is Bellatrix my real mum?" Aurelia asks, voice cracking. Dumbledore surveys her for a very tense moment. The sound of the gargoyle being moved is the only thing that could be heard, the longer he stares at her the more anxious she becomes. It's a simple yes or no question. Depending on the answer, after the shock sets in, a long fucking explanation as to why the fuck it was kept from her for so long. "There's no easy way for me to tell you this —" Fuck. Her head is spinning, she can't breathe, she can't believe — "You're parents didn't love you." Lyra says bluntly, cutting off Dumbledore as she saunters into his office. "Not what I asked but thanks for statin' the obvious, Lyra!" Aurelia snaps, hair turning red. She's so close to the truth and Lyra's getting in the way. Lyra smiles sweetly but her eyes are narrowed dangerously "You want the truth don't you, Aurelia Alice?" Aurelia nods quickly, it's both a good and bad idea to have her Aunt Lyra deliver the news. She'll be quick and brutal about it, Aurelia wants the truth delivered quickly as possible but she doesn't want it to be delivered harshly. Lyra's grin widens "Your parents didn't love you, they didn't want you. You were a girl and born sickly at that. You were a surprise . . . They were only supposed to have only one, a son — Draco. But, you came along, this tiny, sickly thing — your parents didn't even think you'd make it through the night." "Y'know I think the answer I'd prefer is 'yes'." Aurelia quips weakly, she'd rather hear that she had a mother who had loved her than parents who loathed her — why the fuck would you want Bellatrix Lestrange as your mother, what's wrong with you — oh, God, you're horrible! Lyra rolls her eyes "They gave you to a House-Elf, whether it was because they didn't care what happened to you or because they didn't want to get attached to their possibly dying baby. The House-Elf happened to be one that Bellatrix often called upon, I think it was our childhood House-Elf, Mumsie or Mimsie. She called upon it that night it was supposed to be dealing with you but it didn't want to face Bellatrix's wrath so it answered her call with you in its' arms. And —" she laughs coldly, "And my sister with her bleeding, fucked up heart too you in along side, Elias. You probably only survived the night due to her care. You were raised by her, you were named by her, you were cared for by her, she loved you with all her heart. She loved you so much I believe she would've died for you if it came down to it. It was sickening really. You were everything Bellatrix wanted, in her eyes you were her daughter but you're not her daughter." Aurelia covers her mouth to hold back a sob, she had always know that she was never the golden child, never the apple of their eye but she never thought they didn't want her or they didn't love her at all. Lyra smiles as Aurelia's face twists in pain. "I thought you'd be happy to hear that your mother isn't Bellatrix, Aurelia Alice." Lyra says, her tone vicious. "Well, I bloody would be if it hadn't been followed by a 'your real parents fucking hate you!' Lyra!" Aurelia snaps. "I'm just telling you the truth, my dear niece." Lyra laughs. "Lyra." Dumbledore says warningly, "Why have you come here?" Her parents hated her because she was a girl — oh, God! — they let her unstable aunt raise her because they could care less — I'm asking again, God, what the fuck did I ever do to you to deserve this?! — her best friend\crush's parents were tortured into insanity by her aunt\adoptive mother — this can't get anymore fucked up than this! Lyra gives Aurelia a dirty look, ignoring Dumbledore's question as she grabs Aurelia's crescent moon necklace "Bellatrix bought this for you. As I recall, she's got a matching one, I believe her's is a star with a little moon attached to it." Aurelia whimpers, pulling her once favourite necklace from her aunt's grip. She feels a surge of anger for the piece of jewellery her neck, she recalls Alice's reaction to seeing it and Aurelia sobs. Dumbledore scolds Lyra for being so blunt then asks once again what Lyra's doing here. This time, Lyra responds but her response is lost to Aurelia. Aurelia is panicking, this is all too much. Is she Bellatrix's daughter or not, does she have to consider Bellatrix her adoptive mother like Elliot does. Bellatrix did the same thing for Aurelia that she did for Elliot, which should make her Aurelia's mother especially if Elliot thinks what Bellatrix did makes her his mother. Doesn't it? Aurelia doesn't want to consider that woman her mother. Dumbledore dismisses Aurelia and she's glad for it, but she's delivered one last punch to her gut as Lyra smiles maliciously at her and says: "Bye, bye Aurelia Alice, enjoy your little Gryffindor party!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Hello, I hope you enjoyed Angst Central™! I loved this chapter so much, like Mae, Bellatrix, Elliot, and Aurelia interacting is my favourite thing ever even if it happened in the past! Do you think Dumbledore let her see that on purpose, do you think he and Lyra are lying to her? Do you think Bellatrix might be innocent even though she says she did it and was caught doing it? I'd love to know your theories, like please, they fuel me! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it!
GOING TO A PARTY AFTER YOU'VE JUST found out your parents had hated you and Bellatrix Lestrange had adopted you bloody sucks. Going to a party you were invited to by Neville Longbottom after you've just found out your parents had hated you and Bellatrix Lestrange had adopted you sucks even more. Aurelia feels completely drained after leaving Dumbledore's office, she just wants to get to the Gryffindor common room to see Neville but she also wants to go to her dorm and curl up in her bed and cry. She picks the option that involves Neville because it's the best option, of course, it's best option — it involves seeing Neville! She hopes that seeing him will cheer her up despite the fact she feels like she's drowning in her teen angst bullshit. Neville knows something's wrong the moment she enters the room, she smiles but her brown eyes dart around nervously, she's shaking noticeably, and that necklace that's always around her neck isn't there. She must've lost it while facing the dragon. Oh, she must be devastated, Neville thinks as he offers her some chocolate pudding which she actually declines. He knows that necklace was her favourite thing, he doesn't think he's ever seen her without it. Before he can ask if she's upset because her necklace is gone, Lee encourages Harry to open the golden egg and half the Gryffindors join in on the encouraging. Harry obliges their chants and opens the egg, it's not what any of them are expecting. The golden egg emits a high-pitched shriek that makes Neville's blood run cold — his parents' screams echo in his ears. Fred demands that Harry shut the egg, hands clasped over his ears as he stands next to Aurelia, who's gone extremely pale, her eyes are wide in fright. "What was that? Sounds like a banshee, maybe you've got to get past one of those next, Harry!" Seamus theorises. Dropping a plate full of sausage rolls, Neville exclaims fearfully: "They're going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!" "Don't be a prat, Neville, that's illegal." George says. "No . . . No they showed us the Unforgivables this year it — it can't be a — a coincidence." Aurelia stammers faintly. Neville reaches out and grabs Aurelia's hand, she hardly reacts, she just stares blankly ahead looking as though she's seen a ghost. "Well, I thought it sounded a bit like Percy's singing . . . Maybe you've got to attack him while he's in the shower." George jokes. "You alright, Blue, you look a little pale?" Fred wonders. "M'fine." She mumbles unconvincingly. It's obvious that she's not fine and the egg did nothing to help her mood. Fred doesn't believe her anymore than Neville does but he turns back to Hermione and offers her a platter of jam tarts. Aurelia's taken to muttering something under her breath, Neville can't hear her over the noise in the common room, he squeezes her hand and she jumps out of her skin. Her eyes, wild and wide dart around the room; she looks like a caged animal. She breathes heavily than pulls her hand from his, turning on her heel to run out of the common room. Neville puts down the custard cream he had picked up. Fred laughs, glancing at Neville and saying: "Just my little joke, Neville." Neville's got no idea what he means by that, he doesn't wait for an answer as he follows after Aurelia and Fred returns to his conversation with Hermione. Aurelia hasn't gone far, it seems that she only left the common room to get some air. She's leaning against the stairs banister, sniffling as the Fat Lady asks what's wrong. Aurelia slips down to the floor, clutching her ears and squeezing her eyes shut. "Ari?" Neville says gently, taking a seat next to her. "She's not here. She's not here. She's not here. She's not here." Aurelia mutters. "Ari, no one is here." Neville tells her, feeling confused as he reaches out and touches her shoulder. She flinches, arms flying up to defend herself, hitting Neville in the process. "Ow." He hisses quietly, it hurt less than the time she punched him but it catches him off guard. "Ari, you're burning up." He tells her, when he had touched her shoulder it had radiated so much heat that if it was possible he'd think her insides were on fire, "Ari, may — maybe you should go see mad — Madam Pomfrey, I think you — you're sick." "I'm not sick! There's nothing wrong with me!" Aurelia protests defensively, "I'm not sick, I'm not a freak! I'm not crazy! She was there! Really there!" Neville's bloody confused "I didn't say you — you were crazy or a — a freak. Who are you talking about?" "You don't see it — they never see it but it's there — she's there, I swear it's real! Sometimes I can even feel the pain. I'm not crazy, Gwen was there." Aurelia sobs, "It was like it was happening all over again. I'm not crazy, I'm not crazy. I'm not, Neville." "You're not." He assures her, "You should go see Madam Pomfrey, maybe she'll know what to do." "No. No. They — I've talked with Healers before, all they do is tell me that it's in my head and there's nothing they can do to help, it's too risky." "Can't they just Obliviate these memories?" "No, they said that Obliviation isn't a foolproof plan because sometimes a person can remember fragments of erased memories and that'll just cause more damage. It's even riskier for me, I've got what Muggles call 'Hyperthymesia' and it means that I remember better than most people, I have a higher chance of remembering erased fragments of memories and that could hurt me more than remembering the whole thing." Aurelia explains quietly. She takes a deep breath "When this thing happens, it doesn't feel like it's a memory, it feels real, like the werewolf or Gwen are actually back and trying to hurt me again. Sometimes I can't even tell if it's fake or not and it's so scary but — but I'm not crazy, Neville . . . I'm not crazy?" Neville shakes his head quickly "You're not crazy, Ari." Aurelia leans her head on his shoulder, shaking badly as she yawns: "I'm tired." "Then you should get some rest, I'll walk you back to your common room." Neville says softly, helping her up. She gives him a weak smile: "Thanks, Plant Boy." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Are you always this miserable?" Noelle questions Aurelia, an annoyed look on her face. "I'm not miserable." Aurelia disagrees, looking up from a book on mermaids. "You've been miserable these past few weeks." Noelle whines, "You did horrible on this first task but you should be over that by now." Aurelia frowns, mumbling: "I got first place." "Doesn't mean you did good." Noelle hums. Aurelia gives her a look, putting her book down "That's quite literally what it means." Noelle looks shocked by her retort. Aurelia goes back to researching; she knows what the second task entails (full pun intended!) and that's fucking mermaids! Mermaids! Fucking wonderful, it's not like she's deathly afraid of water or anything! She's fucked. Elliot had heard from George that the egg screams and Elliot — being a Slytherin — knew that the egg had something to do with the mermaids in the Black Lake. He had been right, Aurelia had put the egg in water and it had stopped shrieking and started singing. The clue had been in the song; the mermaids, from what she got from the creepy song, are going to be stealing any important object from her. Aurelia doesn't give a fuck if they take her 'The Queen is Dead' record from her, she's not stepping foot in that lake and Aurelia normally never lets anyone fuck with her and her the Smiths' albums. She can't do this task, she's going to have to make an excuse to get out of it. The research is just in case they make her do it with a broken leg — yes, she's desperate enough to break her own leg just to get out of it. She really can't stand water, it terrifies her. Noelle hits her shoulder, hard "You're doing it. Again. Stop staring into space, I am talking to 'ou!" "Sorry." Aurelia mumbles, "I've just been busy with the second task and I'm trying to figure out what I want to do with my hair and make-up for the ball." Noelle snorts "You're not going to that stupid thing are 'ou?" Aurelia's small smile turns right back into a frown "It's not stupid, it's the only good thing in this bloody tournament. I was going to ask if — if you wanted to go with me —" "Why vould ve go together ven 'ou don't even want anyone knowing ve're dating?" "Okay, fair enough . . . We — we could say we're going as friends. Please, Noelle, it'll be so much fun?" Noelle rolls her eyes "Why do you not vant people to know 'ou are a lesbian!" Aurelia's heartbeat quickens "I'm not a lesbian." Noelle gives her a look and Aurelia mumbles meekly: "I'm bisexual." "Bisexuality isn't real." Noelle says coldly, "You can't like two genders at the same time, 'ou can only like one." "Actually lots of people are bisexual, it's very real. Thank you very much. Just because I don't want people to know I'm bisexual doesn't mean that I don't know that I'm bisexual." Aurelai says firmly. Noelle looks equally impressed and annoyed. "Do you want to go to the ball with me, it'll mean so much to me?" Aurelia tries again. Noelle scowls at her "No, I don't vant to go to that stupid ball vith you and your ugly scars." Aurelia's stomach drops as Noelle abandons her in the empty corridor. So, that's why Noelle doesn't want to go with her, it's because of her scars. Her ugly scars. Oh. She wipes away angry tears as she gathers her books into her bag and decides to go sit with the Gryffindors for lunch today. Instead of eating alone like she's been doing a lot these past few weeks. "What's the special occasion, huh?" Seamus asks as she takes a seat across from him, sarcasm drips from his tone. Aurelia gives him a confused look "What're you going on about?" "You never sit with us anymore." Oh, that — "I've been busy." Aurelia mutters, not in the mood for another fight. Seamus repeats her words in a mocking tone, Neville scolds him for it but Aurelia thinks he shouldn't. Seamus isn't wrong, she hasn't been sitting with them as much, nor with her Hufflepuff friends. It's not because she's mad at them or because she's blowing them off for Noelle, which is what they think she's doing because Noelle always comes and finds her when she goes off on her own. Aurelia just wants to be alone. But, she understands why they're angry, she's angry at herself; why is she like this? What's wrong with her? "And when you do sit with us, you're always so miserable, it makes us miserable." Seamus complains. Her mouth runs dry "I —" She doesn't understand why she's so miserable all the time, she doesn't want to be but she can't help it. Aurelia certainly doesn't wan to make her friends feel as miserable as she does. Ginny plops down beside Aurelia "Hey, guys! Whatcha talking about?" She fixes the three boys with a hard glare as she aims the question at Aurelia. Aurelia sniffles "Oh, we're just talk — talking about the Yule Ball." Ginny's eyes light up "Oh, how lovely. I can't go but I'd love too, it sounds like it's going to be loads of fun!" "It's the best part of this tournament!" Aurelia tells Ginny, a small smile growing on her face. Neville's glad that she's smiling about something. He misses her smile. He just wishes that he could go to the ball with her but she's no doubt going with her stupid girlfriend. "Maybe someone'll ask you. Or you could ask Harry. As friends, that is." Aurelia says. Ginny shrugs, a light blush colours her cheeks "I think Harry's interested in Cho Chang —" "Ooh, yikes. I know for a fact, she's going with Ced. They're a thing — sucks for Potter." Aurelia mutters, grabbing a muffin to snack on. "Who are you going with?" Ginny asks and it's Aurelia's turn to shrug. "Oh — I — it doesn't matter." Aurelia stammers, her cheeks go red as she makes her scars go away. Ginny goes to pester her, believing that Aurelia has a date but Aurelia gets up and promptly leaves the Great Hall, Ginny wonders if she had said something wrong. Seamus scoffs, "Don't worry, Ginny, she's been a miserable twat pretty much all year, you didn't do anything wrong." "I'd be pretty miserable if I was chosen to compete in a tournament that I wanted to nothing to do with and after getting tortured and almost killed by a Death-Eater! Do you bloody expect her to be skipping everywhere she goes or are you just an insensitive twat?" Neville feels a surge of gratitude for Ginny for protecting Aurelia. "I —" Ginny harshly glares at Seamus, calmly saying: "If I ever hear you giving Blue a hard time like that again, you'll regret it." She then smiles, getting up and leaving the table. Neville gets up and follows her. "Hey, Ginny, can — can I ask you something?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia doesn't like this feeling — the feeling of feeling nothing at all. Nothing excited her anymore, not her friends, not the Yule Ball, absolutely nothing. All she feels is a dull ache of sadness that rarely goes away. Occasionally she'll have moments where she feels happy but they're so fleeting. It's gotten so bad she skips Potions to go see Madam Pomfrey, who confirms that Aurelia has Depression but there's very little she can do to help. Aurelia's best bet is to get Muggle treatment as soon as she can. Madam Pomfrey gives her a pass for the rest of her classes, she assumes that Aurelia's Depression is caused by the stress she's under. Aurelia cries as soon as she's out of the Hospital Wing, she had hoped that there'd be nothing wrong with her. No wonder her parents never loved her, she's too flawed to be a good daughter — there's always something wrong with me. Noelle's right, no one's gonna want to go to the ball with her; not with her scars and not with the fact she looks and feels so miserable all the time. It scares her how empty she feels about the Yule Ball now, she had been so looking forward to it, so excited to be the fucking dancing queen (even though she's not seventeen yet) of the Yule Ball and now there's nothing. Aurelia just wants it to be over and done with. Earlier this afternoon, after being rejected by Noelle, the first person she had thought to ask was Neville. As friends, of course. Totally platonic. But, she had gotten distracted by Seamus. So, Aurelia decides to ask him after classes. When the time comes for the task to be dealt with, she becomes a mess. Neville looks so happy to see her when she enters the greenhouse where he's tending to some plants. "Hello, Ari!" He greets her happily, smiling so wide. Her heart hammers in her chest. His smile is like the sun, it's so bright and warm. Merlin, he's lovely! Aurelia blushes "Hey — hey — hi." His grin widens, he too blushes "Hi." Aurelia bites her lip nervously, its' not like he's going to say no, he doesn't mind your scars — "Neville — I — uh, do you want to go to the ball with me — as friends!" Neville frowns. Oh, no! "I can't —" "I'll hide my scars! Please, I — I can't go alone." Aurelia pleads. Neville nearly drops a plant in his haste to grab Aurelia's hands. "It's got nothing to do with your scars. You never have to hide them. I'd love to go with you, I want to go with you but — but, well, I've asked —" "Hannah?" Aurelia sighs sadly. "No! I don't like Hannah! I — I — not like that!" I like you, you daft egg! You oblivious fool! You buffoon — Aurelia rips her hands from his at his declaration but she quickly realises that Neville wouldn't use those insults even if they weren't used in a hurtful way. She had heard his thoughts. Oh, no! "What?" Neville asks, concerned. He likes me, she thinks, oh, fuck! He actually likes me. And then, she cries because why the fuck does he like-like her?! She'd thought it'd be nice for Neville to return her feelings but now that he does, she feels panicked. She can't understand why he likes her. "Why?" Aurelia blurts out, panic evident in her voice. "Why what?" Neville asks, his tone matching hers because what did he do?! "Why do you like me?" Aurelia sniffles. Neville blushes, holding her hands tightly as he wonders what she means by 'like'. "Because you're my best friend —" "No . . . Why do you like-like me?" "Oh, is it that obvious?" When you have Legilimency? Aurelia thinks, yes. But, she feels bad that she'd heard his thoughts so she just nods and smiles shyly. Neville turns bright red but he confidently answers: "Because, you see me. You don't see me for my parents, you don't expect me to be like anyone but myself. And I see you, really see you for who you real — really are not how others or how you see yourself. You're wonderful and kind and amazing and so — so smart. I like you because you're you." Her heart hammers painfully in her chest as she lets out a goofy, girlish giggle — he fucking likes her! And, she really likes him. Oh, shit. She really, really likes him — I've got to break up with Noelle! "Ari?" He questions nervously, her lack of response, despite the happy expression on her face, is unnerving. "Uh, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool." She says, finger-gunning him, "Excuse me a moment!" Then she bolts right out of the greenhouse. "Oh, no?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia's witnessed her fair share of break-ups and they've ranged from good, to bad, to ugly but she's never, ever seen a break-up fail. She whimpers as Nolle grips her wrist tightly, she tries to pull away but Noelle's too strong for her. "You're breaking up with me?" Noelle demands acidly. "You're hurting me!" Aurelia spits, her tone matching Noelle's. She inhales sharply as Noelle's red-painted nails dig into her flesh. "Vhat makes you think 'ou can break up with me?" Noelle laughs coldly, "Are 'ou mad I won't take your pathetic, scarred-face self to the ball, huh, Wolfie? Did I hwurt your feelwings?" "What did you just call me?!" Aurelia panics, she remembers Goyle — oh, no! Oh, no! "You don't get to break up with me." Noelle growls, "And, certainly not for some lump of a boy —" "Don't you dare talk about Neville like that!" Aurelia snarls, hair turning bright red. "Honestly, Aurelia, what on Earth makes 'ou think he is vorth it?" "He likes me and I like him and I didn't — don't want to string you along." Noelle's grip tightens "You actually think he likes 'ou — oh, Aurelia, that's demented! Even that dope can do better than 'ou! Look at you, 'ou think that he is impressed! Ha, he doesn't like you —" "He told me —" "He's lying! Please, 'ou naive bitch! 'Ou are a Black. He doesn't like you!" Noelle laughs at the horrified expression on Aurelia's face. "Oh, don't think I don't know about your family history. I have done my research! He doesn't like 'ou. At best, he's only friends vith 'ou to make sure 'ou don't go off your rocker like your cousin and aunt did. And at the vorst, he's using 'ou for revenge, he vants to destroy your heart like your aunt destroyed his parents." "No, Neville —" "You're safer with me. I wouldn't hurt you." "You're hurting me right now and Nev — Neville wouldn't do that." Aurelia snaps, "Now let me go." "You don't get to break up vith me. Do you understand. I'll go to the ball vith you, if that'll make you happy, I suppose I'm obligated to as who else will, but you must hide those ugly scars of yours." Noelle instructs, letting go of Aurelia. Aurelia scowls but a part of her thinks Noelle's right, aside from Neville who else would actually want to go with her? She bows her head, muttering: "Okay." Noelle smirks, kissing Aurelia's cheek "It's a date then." Aurelia's stomach twists painfully as she agrees distantly: "It's a date." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The Yule Ball is here before she knows it. Despite the fact it's Christmas, she's still sad — who the fuck is sad on Christmas Day? Is this Depression Really that bad?! Aurelia even finds herself dreading the event. What if Noelle doesn't like her dress? What if Noelle thinks she's a shit dancer? Aurelia's in a bad place, she's ninety percent certain that Noelle's abused her but she's scared to admit it, she's scared of Noelle. It doesn't feel right anymore, she doesn't want this relationship but Noelle won't let her go. Her dorm mates, Nat and herself had hauled themselves up in the Gryffindor girl's dorm to get ready for the ball. They'd been invited by Lavender who wanted help from Nat, who not only is the queen of art but the queen of make-up as well. "You're a real life saver, Wilkes," Lavender's saying, "I could never do this on my own and neither could Parvati — er, your friend's crying." Nat sounds exasperated as she replies: "Yeah, she does that a lot. What's wrong, Blue." "My dress doesn't fit me right, I left my magic foundation in our dorm and my brain's far too scattered for me to completely hide my scars." Aurelia sighs, sniffling. She'd lost an unhealthy amount of weight in the past two months. "Here, let me shrink it, I know just the charm." Hermione supplies while Lavender suggests: "Instead of hiding them it'd be so cool if you put little flowers over them — ooh, or on both your cheeks like blush! Oh, that'd look so cute, it'd be perfect for your dress! Sparkly white flowers with sparkly yellow centres — can you see it! Oh, it'd be bloody adorable!" The look on Nat's face tells Aurelia she had seen it. Once Nat's finished with Lavender's make-up she moves onto Aurelia to create the masterpiece Lavender had just created. Across the crowded dorm, Olivia's helping Hannah braid her hair while Hannah helps Hermione with her hair. Hannah and Nat are going together as friends and Olivia's going with Luna Lovegood — an odd pair if you asked Aurelia but Ginny had set it up after she had to reject Olivia's proposal to the ball. Ginny's going with Neville, he had asked her as friends after she had defended Aurelia from Seamus, it'd been his way of thanking her since she'd really wanted to go to the Yule Ball. Lavender gushes over the ball, ecstatic comments are thrown around as they hurry to get ready. Ginny enters, wearing a floor-length, pale pink dress that Aurelia swears compliments her skin-tone perfectly. "Oh, Ginny, you look lovely!" Aurelia exclaims, Nat scolds her for moving. Ginny blushes "Thank you and thank you for buying it for me." Aurelia waves her off "No biggie, I thought it'd be much more fun for you to buy a dress than for your mum to surprise you with one." "Fun is having to hold you back from clocking the salesperson for giving me that dirty look." Ginny laughs. The others laugh as well and Parvati offers to do Ginny's hair. Parvati's good with hair, she'd done Aurelia's hair and Aurelia's very impressed with it — she's turned a section of her hair into a braided crown and left the rest in curls. Aurelia felt like princess with the hairdo. Nat finishes with Aurelia's make-up, she backs away and gives her friend a thoughtful look before taking her wand and casting a spell that conjures up little daisies in Aurelia's hair. "Thanks, Nat! Now, should I go with a natural colour or stick with my normal blue?" "Oh, love! Blue hair is like your thing." Lavender says, "Go with blue but I'd go with a lighter blue to match your dress!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Champions over here!" Professor McGonagall calls out but still, Noelle's nowhere in sight. All the other champions have gathered with their dates but Aurelia stands timidly by herself. "Miss. Black, where's your date?" Aurelia feels small under McGonagall's hard gaze, stammering: "I — I don't know. I — I think I've been stood up." McGonagall's gaze softens "The champions must have the first dance, it is tradition. Is there anyone you can dance with —" "Neville Longbottom." Aurelia answers without hesitation, "That is if his own date can still attend." McGonagall pales "Yes, yes, Miss. Weasley can still attend, you only need Mr. Longbottom for the opening dance. I'll go collect him now." Aurelia feels both relieved and embarrassed that Noelle had stood her up. On one hand, she feels like she's done something wrong and that she's a shit date and on the other, she doesn't have to worry about being pretty enough for Noelle and she gets to dance with Neville. McGonagall returns with a beaming Neville in tow. He stumbles over to her and they link arms as he asks if she's alright. She beams back at him, her cheeks grow hot as she replies: "I'm alright, I get to be a dancing queen with you." The champions are brought up to the top table, Percy offers her a seat next to him then does the same for Harry. Percy goes on about a promotion and normally Aurelia'd listen but now she's too busy stealing glances at Neville — he looks so cute in his dress robes! "You look beautiful, Ari." Neville says breathlessly but loudly, looking as though he'd struggled to get those words out. "You look pretty." Aurelia mumbles shyly, blushing. "Oh — I — uh." Neville stammers then giggles quietly. Dinner passes quickly and then it's time for the first dance. Neville wipes his sweaty palms on his pants before offering one for her to take. He nervously places a hand on her waist, grabbing ahold of her one hand as he rambles: "I've been practicing dancing for a while, I'm afraid that I'm not very good at it and even though I tried really hard to get better, I don't think I improved that much and I hope you won't mind tha —" Aurelia squeezes his shoulder "Neville, not to be rude but, shut and dance with me — we can be dancing queens together." "Wouldn't I be a dancing king?" Aurelia looks him dead in the eye "No. There are only dancing queens." Neville grins goofily and then spins her a little too fast for the slow, mournful song the Weird Sisters begin to play. McGonagall and Sprout give them reproachful looks, they stifle their giggles onto their shoulders as they slow down. They begin to waltz gracefully across the dance floor. Neville's a surprisingly good dancer, not that Aurelia would've cared if he wasn't. She likes dancing with him regardless of the fact he occasionally steps on her feet. It's nice, she loves being this close to him, it's comforting, she likes the feeling of his racing heart against her chest, she wonders if he can feel her heart race too? She squeezes his hand as he spins her around. This is nice. Aurelia smiles and buries her face into the crook of his neck, pulling herself closer to him. This is right. Neville spins her around, Aurelia hums along to the song and he smiles at her. She could get used to this, if she could learn to believe she deserved this then she could really get used to this.
THEY SPENT THE ENTIRE NIGHT DANCING, THEY hardly stopped at all being one of the last few couples to leave the ball. Aurelia had felt bad that she'd robbed Ginny of her date but Ginny'd insisted that it was totally fine — Aurelia's bloody certain that Ginny would've been fuming if she hadn't of stolen her date. None of their friends are letting them live this down though they insist they only went as friends — both of them are ignoring the fact that Neville had confessed his undying crush on her. Merlin forbid, their friends find out about that. Unsurprisingly, Seamus is the worst, making kissy faces at them at every possible moment and even Dean had joined him. The two act as if Aurelia and Neville are the only people in their friend group with obvious crushes, Aurelia had seen the two of them sneaking in a slow dance. How the tables will turn when she pulls that card on them, Aurelia's just got to find the perfect moment to do so. She thinks she'll save that one for the perfect moment. It's been a few days since the Yule Ball now, Aurelia sits with Cedric, the pair were looking for spells that'll help them with the upcoming task. The Bubblehead Charm had caught Cedric's attention while a spell that breaks bones had caught hers. "Do you think Harry got my hint?" Cedric wonders, pulling out his wand to practice the charm. Aurelia snickers "No offense, Ced, but 'go take a bath, it'll help you think' doesn't sound like a hint, it sounds kinda gay." Cedric blushes "Well, what's wrong with being gay?" "Nothing buuut, when you're giving a hint you might want to keep the gay undertones to a minimum." He rolls his eyes "Well, I couldn't just come out and say it — bullocks." "Was that a pun?" Aurelia teases. He scowls "Shut up, you know what I meant." "Nah, not really. Champions are free to divulge information with each other, it's getting information from others that's frowned upon. You could've just come right out and said it." "Why didn't you tell Harry then, huh?" "Ellie was the one who told me, he heard from George what the egg did so I figured Ellie had told Harry first." Aurelia says, "But, apparently not — do you think they'd make me do this with a broken leg?" Cedric gives her a look "Blue, you've got to do this whether you like it or not." "Okay, mum." Aurelia huffs, "Honestly, the next thing I know you'll be telling me to clean my room." "Well, when was the last time you cleaned your dorm?" Cedric teases. "Oh no!" Aurelia exclaims, hair turns black as she hides her face behind a book. Cedric blinks, looking around the room only to spot Noelle walking by. He scowls, nudging Aurelia "Isn't she the one who stood you up?" "Yes, now shut up. Tell me when she's gone." It's a few minutes before Cedric's nudging her and telling her Noelle's left. Aurelia looks up, sighing in relief. She hasn't seen or talked to Noelle since the day before the ball. She's confused as to what Noelle's tactics are, she'd abused (Aurelia's pretty sure, looking back on it now, that she can use this word) her into staying together only to leave Aurelia stranded on the night of the Yule Ball. Cedric asks why she doesn't call Noelle out for her actions and in return Aurelia asks why he can't mind his own business. He gives her a look, teasingly telling her: "Don't take that tone with me, missy!" the more seriously he adds: "I don't like when someone treats my friends like trash and I don't like when nothing is done about it." "There's nothing to say about it, Ced." Aurelia tells him softly, "I'm not at all bothered by being stood up, I am a little confused but I'm not angry enough to say anything . . . Don't give me that look, it's true, I don't care that much, I'm going to save my breath this time . . . Merlin, knows I'm gonna need it for this bloody task." She really doesn't care — or rather, she doesn't care enough. Aurelia feels very blankly about this whole matter, she knows and wants to feel more about it but she just doesn't. Perhaps, it's because she doesn't care all that much about Noelle, she liked the girl enough before they started dating, Aurelia was definitely attracted to her but after they started dating, anything Aurelia'd felt for the girl soon left. Perhaps, it's due to her Depression, she's not sure if Depression can do that to a person. Aurelia doesn't know much about Depression other than the fact that it makes her sad all the time no matter what's going on so she's not sure if that theory's possible. Whatever the reasoning behind her feelings — or rather the lack of, Aurelia doesn't want to talk about it. She doesn't think there's anything to talk about and the fact that Cedric does irritates her. He means well, Aurelia knows that but the irritation bubbling beneath her skin is almost overwhelming, he always does this and you've never cared before; why now? She holds back her irritation the best she can, Cedric doesn't deserve to be snapped at for what she knows is his normal behaviour. He's only trying to help. Aurelia takes a deep breath, shutting her book — what the fuck is wrong with you?! — that's enough research for today, Aurelia thinks. "Well," Aurelia says, gritting her teeth at Cedric's worrisome look and standing up, "I've had enough of watching you practice that bloody charm, I think I'll go and clean my room now, mother." The joke rolls off her tongue, sounding funny to her but Cedric laughs. "Don't lie to me, young lady! You're going to see Neville Longbottom, aren't you?!" Cedric teases right back. Aurelia sticks his tongue out at him but her reddening cheeks betray her. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ A week later, Aurelia sits in the Gryffindor common room after returning from a trip to Hogsmeade. She'd spent most of it in the company of Mae and Remus, who had offered her all the support and comfort they could but their efforts were for nothing because literally nothing can comfort Aurelia when it comes to that. Then after Remus and Mae left, she went and hung out with Neville and Viktor; he finally got to try Butterbeer. It's not uncommon for Aurelia to stay in the Gryffindor common room, she even knows most of the passwords, it's like a second house to her. No one bats an eye at the blue-haired girl in the Hufflepuff Quidditch sweater, legs dangling over Neville's lap in front of the fire. "How's the second task coming along?" Neville wonders, placing a flower crown on Aurelia's head. In response, Aurelia sighs dramatically. "That bad, huh?" He chuckles. She sighs again. "Any way I can help?" "Bust my kneecaps." Aurelia replies dryly. Neville gives her a horrified look "Why, I — wait! You can break your kneecaps?!" "You — you didn't know that?" "No!" "Oh. Well, I've heard it's actually very painful." "Then why would you ask me to do that?!" "It'd get me out of doin' this task." "You can't be seriously thinking of breaking your bones to get out a bloody task! Bones take forever to heal!" Dean calls from the couch. Aurelia glances at him "Well, with magic it'll take days at most to heal and that's all I need." Dean gives her a horrified look, asking if she's actually contemplating breaking her legs, Aurelia only smiles at him. "Is the second task really gonna be that bad?" Neville asks worriedly. Aurelia leans over and whispers what the next task is into his ear. Neville grows pale, he knows how much she hates water. "I — I could get you some Gillyweed, Lyra's got some in her Potions room at home." Neville whispers. "Thanks, Plant Boy, but I've got it covered." Aurelia whispers back, smiling gratefully. "Hey, love-birds, mind sharing with the rest of us?!" Seamus grumbles from his spot next to Dean on the couches. Before Aurelia has a chance to retort, Dennis comes bounding over, looking extremely giddy. "I know what you are — a Metamorphmasis!" He's too cute to correct, Aurelia just nods and smiles. "Wow! Is it true that you can turn into a boy?!" Aurelia nods and Seamus snorts in disagreement "No, you can't! You've never done that!" She narrows her eyes "Yes, I can." "Prove it!" "I will!" And, she does. It's been awhile since she's done it; give or take six years. It's a lot harder to do now, she's not as flat-chested as she used to be and Nym wasn't joking when she had said boobs are really hard to change. Even though Aurelia almost has no boobs to change, they still took the most concentration when she was trying to flatten and broaden her chest. The last time, she remembers making herself into a boy she had been eight and wanted to play with Gregory Goyle and Adrien Wiltmire. As a child, she'd often make herself into a boy because she believed that it made her more like Draco, made her more lovable. It also became a joke between her and Draco, they convinced, Crabbe, Goyle, and Wiltmire that they were triplets and it went on for a rather long time. "There I did it! I'm a real boy now!" Aurelia says, giving Seamus a pointed look. Seamus doesn't retort, he's staring at Aurelia, slack-jawed and Dean is too. "No one says what I can or cannot do." Aurelia says, "You don't know what I am capable of, Finnigan." Her voice is much much deeper and Scottish accent is much thicker. Neville blanks completely as he studies Aurelia's new appearance, she — he? They? — looked much different than Neville had expected but still — still . . . He couldn't find the right word to describe it. Neville turns red as Aurelia shoots him a very charming grin. Aurelia brushes her light brown curls from their face, their jawline is sharper, skin paler but it's more pink than peachy, their freckles had seemed to multiply; decorating their skin like stars. Aurelia's lips are thinner (Neville would like you say he didn't stare at her? His? Their? Lips often but that'd be a bloody lie) and their eyes a darker blue, Aurelia's hair is shorter, curlier, and a bit darker than its' natural colour. Aurelia still looks pretty. Oh sh — Neville swallows thickly, Aurelia's still pretty . . . So pretty. Dennis bombards her with a whole load of questions and Aurelia tries to answer them as best as she can. Neville struggles to breathe; Aurelia's still pretty even as a boy! What does that mean?! Merlin! Is he gay? No, he can't be gay because he finds Aurelia pretty as a girl as well — maybe you're bisexual! My mum was bisexual, Aurelia's bisexual! He's not sure, he's never paid much attention to boys except for maybe Elliot Burke but Neville's certain that everyone's paid attention to him at least once in their life. Or, you're bisexual and you've got a type! Neville's not all that bothered by his possible new found sexuality, his gran would be okay with it, everyone on his father's side would be. It's his mother's side he'd have to worry about, they're not very accepting but he rarely sees them. The only person he sees on his mother's side his is Great Uncle Florean but even then their visits are quite rare. Uncle Florean would be okay with that as he's the one who took care of his mother after her parents shunned her (not disowned, they didn't go that far, so they say) when she came out as bisexual. "No — no, it's not easy — no, I cannot do that but Nym can — I — I don't mind being a boy, it's hardly any different from being a girl, although I do prefer being a girl 'cause it takes less concentration, I mean, I sup — suppose if I keep practicing then turning myself into a boy would hardly take any effort — yes, I've done this before! When I was a wee thing, I convinced Crabbe, Goyle, and Wiltmire that I had 'nother brother named Aurelius." Aurelia replies, still struggling to answer Dennis' onslaught of questions. "Aurelius?" Seamus laughs, "That's way too close to your name, your parents would never do that!" "They bloody would —" Aurelia stops herself, remembering that Bellatrix had apparently named her. Oh. Something heavy settles on her chest, she feels her concentration giving way and she quickly refocuses it on keeping her ability in check but her hair still turns a blueish-grey colour. "What did I say now?" Seamus groans, annoyed. Aurelia blinks "Huh? Oh, not — nothing, I just got . . . Really dizzy for a moment I haven't done this for awhile. It's really straining 'specially since I went all out this time." "All out?" Dennis echoes, "I — Is it really that hard?" Seamus who had understood what Aurelia had meant, bursts out laughing and then Dean gets it, his eyes go wide, as he asks: "Did you — can you?" "Go big," Aurelia winks, "Or go home." Neville gets it now and he laughs nervously, blushing madly as he thinks: How is Ari so pretty?! That wink — bloody hell! Dennis looks at them "What are you all laughing at?" "Okay, why is no one asking the very important question here? Do I have to take one for the team?" Seamus is laughing so hard, it's almost impossible to understand him. Poor little Dennis still hasn't caught on "What question?" Seamus takes a deep breath then screams: "HOW BIG IS YOUR DICK?!" Neville and Dean laugh loudly as Aurelia looks Seamus dead in the eye and bluntly says: "Bigger than yours." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ There's only hours left. Only mere hours left until the second task and Aurelia's freaking the fuck out, she's got to do it. She's got no choice, she can't bring herself to break her own leg, and believe her, she really tried. This leaves her no choice but to enter the Black Lake. If she drowns, she's coming back to haunt the fuck out of Albus Dumbledore, it's his ruddy fault that she's in this mess. Aurelia shakes in fear as she ties her white hair up with a yellow scrunchie, the worst part is she's got no idea what's been stolen from her. With a select few items such as her records, her stuffed yellow rabbit she's had seen she was a little baby (his name is Raymoo and she'd literally sucker-punch a mermaid for taking him), and her Invisibility Cloak — all of which have been left untouched — nothing else she owns has any value to her, they're replaceable. She doesn't want to sound conceited but she's a rich bitch and she can buy everything she owns three times over. They're material items, she wouldn't 'sorely miss' any of those things. She wonders if the person in charge of the second task had forgotten her object, perhaps Bagman's orchestrating this round, that'd be a likely theory. He always seems to forget she's in this tournament. Nothing I own really means anything to me." Aurelia groans to Susan. Susan spits out a mouthful of toothpaste , she gives Aurelia a passive look "What about that necklace? Y'know that moon one you always wear?" Susan's onto something, although Aurelia doesn't care about the necklace anymore, she reckons that it'd be the perfect candidate for her sorely missed object as she, for the longest time, would always wear it. She hasn't worn it in months and no one's noticed except for Neville. That must be it! It's not it. The necklace is right where she hid it, buried in the bottom of her trunk "Nope!" "Invisibility Cloak?" "Already checked, it's right where I left it!" "Freddie!" Aurelia pales, she hadn't seen Freddie all morning "Freddie?! Freddie Purrcury?! There's a scuffling sound as Freddie scrambles like a bat out of hell from under Aurelia's bed and rushes to her. The sleek black cat's back is arched high in the air as he scans the dorm for any signs of a threat to his owner. Aurelia sighs, reaching down to stroke Freddie's head. "Hey there, killer king. I was looking for yo . . . Had me worried for a minute." Aurelia mumbles and Freddie relaxes into her touch, realising there's no threat he lets out a purr. "Nope, he's here. . . I'm going to head down to the Great Hall, see if Neville's got any ideas. I'll see you after the task." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Neville isn't in the Great Hall and he doesn't show up to any of their shared classes, which causes Aurelia to worry. A lot. No one knows where he is or where he went, she wanted to test out her spell one last time before the task but she passes that opportunity to go find Neville. He's never disappeared like this, something must be very wrong. She brushes off Noelle who finally attempts to speak with her — she's got to find Neville. She brushes off having lunch, and she almost brushes off Professor Sprout but she hadn't been able shake the older woman who had come to take her to the Black Lake. Halfway there, Abigale Montgomery comes skipping up alongside of Aurelia, the Slytherin is wearing a beaming grin on her round, tan face. Abigale brushes her wavy, brunette hair out of her eyes as she greets Aurelia. "Wotcha, Malfoy!" "Hello, Montgomery." Aurelia says flatly. "You like D&D, Audrey Hepburn, Fangoria, Harry Houdini, and croquet. You can't swim, you can't dance, and you don't know karate. Face it, you're never gonna make it." Aurelia gives her an annoyed look "I don't wanna make it, I just wanna —" Abigale cuts her off, laughing loudly: "Oh, my God! I — I — I didn't think you'd act — actually respond with — with that!" "What the fuck?" Abigale grins "It's a ref — reference from the future. Not sure what it's from or when it'll make to you but it's been in my head all morning. I thought it was perfect for your current situation." Aurelia glares at her, Abigale giggles then turns on her heel as she leaves, she calls out: "Good luck." over her shoulder. Sprout and Aurelia continue on their way down to the Black Lake, she's ushered over to the Judge's table where she's greeted by Cedric. He pats her shoulder reassuringly and she asks if he's up to breaking her legs; he's not — some friend, huh? Fleur and Viktor give her pitiful looks but don't dare approach her, knowing that would only elicit a twenty minute long rant on how much she entirely loathes water and no one is in the mood to listen to that. Harry's nowhere to be seen, which means he's verging on being late. Percy Weasley approaches her, he's here in Crouch's place, it seems. "Are you alright, Blue?" Percy asks quietly, he rarely uses that nickname; he must be feeling particularly sympathetic today. Percy, like the rest of Weasley siblings found out the hard way that she hates water. Fred had tossed her in a fairly deep pond alongside Ginny and Aurelia had lost her shit. At first the twins, Ron, and Ginny had thought she was just being dramatic until Percy had jumped in to save her. He ended up getting punched in the nose because she had been flailing so much. Aurelia smiles brightly at him, tears burning her eyes. "Thought so." Percy mumbles as Aurelia starts to cry. "I can't do this," Aurelia tells him, "I can't, Perce, this is just too much. It's not worth it." His eyebrows shoot up "I would've thought you'd think rescuing Longbottom was quite worth it." Aurelia goes pale, they took Neville — those fuckers! Somehow 'too much' just tripled. They can't expect her or Harry to be responsible for someone's life. They're much too young for the competition and they're definitely too young to be saving a person's life as part of a game. She knows that this wasn't permanent, she figured that at the end of the task she'd get whatever object they took from her back whether she rescued it or not but now this object is a person. A bloody person. So many things could go wrong with this. It's too much, what if Neville dies because of her. Oh, Merlin! Then she'd be just like her aunt. "Oh no." Percy mumbles. "Oh fuck." Aurelia mumbles. Percy rambles nervously on about how he thought she knew what the task held for her, he's mortified. Aurelia's internally panicking, she can't do this but she can't not do this. Even if Neville's not going to be lost underwater forever, she can't just not rescue him. He'd do the same for her, she knows he would. She's got to be brave for her best friend. Aurelia glares down at the water, she's going to kick the lake's ass and — oh, Merlin, the thought of being submerged under those dark waves is nerve wracking. It's been so long since she's swam, does she even remember how to? That water is deep and dark and dangerous. Those mermaids could tear her apart with a blink of her eye, she doesn't stand a chance. "I can't do this!" Aurelia blurts out. She can see it, it's blurry but she can see it. Gwendoline's face in front of hers, but there's something wrong with her face — it's contorting in Bellatrix's face but within seconds it's back to her own and it repeats over and over and over and over — "Yes, you can. Have you got a plan?" Gwendoline coos gently, reaching out for Aurelia and there's the sound of running water in the distance and it gets blurrier as the reddish room swirls around in her mind and then next thing she knows is she can't breathe. There's something filling her nose, her mouth. Suffocating her. "Aye, I've got a plan." Aurelia swallows thickly. "And you've gone over every possibility?" "Aye, naturally — every logical and illogical possibility there is." She had but those possibilities had changed now that it's Neville down there. So many things could go wrong. Percy glances around nervously before whispering: "Don't take the clue too —" "Literally? I figured as much, I didn't think they'd let the mermaids keep the objects forever or at least I had hoped they wouldn't but now that I know that they took Neville, I know that song was all bark and no bite." Aurelia's got to do it, it's the right thing to do. "If I die, Perce, I'm coming back to haunt Dumbledore and Bagman's asses. If anything happens to Neville, you better be ready to bail me out of Azkaban." Aurelia tells him, only half-joking. "You won't die." Percy assures, "You'll do good." Aurelia hugs him tightly but because Percy's technically at work, he doesn't hug her back. He pats her back awkwardly as she thanks him quietly. Harry arrives a few moments later, he's very late and Percy shrugs Aurelia off him to go scold Harry. Aurelia has a moment of horrid dread, realising that the second task will be starting shortly. All too quickly the task is starting, Bagman (after he does his stupid, unfair little check up with Potter that is) counts to three to begin the task. The whistle echoes shrilly in the cold, still air and Aurelia feels numb. She hasn't even entered the freezing water yet and it feels as though her limbs are completely frozen. Aurelia stiffly presses her wand to her throat, muttering her spell and it feels like sandpaper is coating her throat; she hates that feeling. But, it works. She peels her outerwear off, leaving only black nylons and a tank top and with that she's diving towards the centre of the lake. She absolutely hates this, the water is so bloody cold it feels as though it's burning her skin. She hates the feeling of her body being completely submerged under the water, it feels wrong, it feels dangerous. What if she never surfaces again? She swims quickly, for someone who hates water, she can swim surprisingly well. Aurelia keeps an eye out for mermaids and Grindylows, she doesn't trust either of the creatures. She swims for a long time, her nervous are fried by the time the song reaches her ears. It's the song from the egg, this means she's close to finding Neville. Thank, Merlin! Aurelia swims faster, swimming past what must be a welcoming sign for the Mermaid village drawn on the rock. Crowds of merpeople have gathered to leer at her as she swims past and when she finds Neville, he's asleep — must be nice. He, along with Cho Chang, Hermione, Ron, and Gabrielle Delacour are tied to a boulder of a merman. Harry's somehow already there but it appears he's got nothing to free Ron with. Aurelia swims towards him and offers him a knife. "Yoinked it from the kitchens this mornin'." Aurelia says as bubbles burst from her mouth, "Thought it'd be a good back-up plan in case my wand had trouble working underwater." Harry who had been about to grab a sharp rock, takes the knife gratefully and heads for Hermione. Aurelia pulls him back "NO!" She points at Ron "Him, I think she's for Krum. Chang's for Ced, Gabrielle's for Fleur." Harry stares at her for a moment, she prays that he's good at reading lips. A merman approaches them, he doesn't look very friendly and he tells Harry that she's right. Harry argues with the merman and Aurelia swims up to Neville, she wants to get back up to the surface as quickly as possible. She pulls out her wand "Diffindo!" The chains holding Neville sever, and she begins to lug him out of there as Cedric swims into the view. Normally, Aurelia had no probably dragging Neville around but now he felt like he weighed a ton. As she swims up to the surface, she narrowly dodges a Grindylow. However, lucky for her, the Grindylow had been heading for an overwhelmed Fleur. Aurelia stops to help Fleur, which is no easy task. Especially when the Grindylows turn on her ("No, fuck off, I don't want to be part of your world!") and Neville but eventually she manages to get them away from Fleur. She's now lugging an unconscious Neville and a very stubborn Fleur up to the surface. Fleur wanted to continue on with the task to rescue her sister and as much as Aurelia admired that, she thought the Fleur had been injured too badly to continue. When she finally breaks the surface, Neville wakes up and she's never felt more relieved. She reverses the spell and begins to tug Neville and Fleur to shore. She's not first, Cedric is. He's already halfway to shore with Cho Chang and surprisingly, Aurelia feels a wee bit dejected that she hadn't come in first. ❝My sister!❞ Fleur shrieks angrily in French, ❝I can't leave her!❞ Unexpectedly, Fleur dives back underwater and she takes Aurelia with her. Aurelia cries out in shock as water invades her nose and then her mouth. Panic fills every bone of her body and she sees Gwen\Bellatrix's morphing face leering at her — No! No! NO! — Neville pulls Aurelia back up and struggles to rein in Fleur. Aurelia starts to cry, she hates, hates, hates water. ❝It's a ruse!❞ Aurelia exclaims, clinging to Neville with one hand and the other to Fleur, ❝The song was bullshit, your sister will be fine! She won't be gone forever!❞ She tugs them towards the shore, Fleur only calms down slightly as Aurelia continues to insist that no harm will come to Gabrielle. They reach the shore just as Viktor appears with Hermione. Madam Pomfrey begins to fret over Aurelia and Neville, Fleur continues to fret about her little sister. Lastly, Harry breaks the surface with not only Ron but Gabrielle as well; much to Fleur's relief. Aurelia feels numb both physically and mentally. This is too much. She can't do this any longer, she hates this tournament and she's not at all cut out for it. She wraps her blankets around herself and leans against Neville, who takes his blanket and wraps it around both of them. This tournament will be the death of her but, at least Neville is safe. She feels something soft and warm press against her forehead and her heart skips a beat because she thinks Neville just kissed her forehead. Aurelia looks up at him and he's smiling almost cheekily at her and the sight makes her all tingly because it's such a cute sight. "So, you sorely missed me, huh?" Aurelia melts, if this had been a cartoon, she would've totally swooned right off her feet with a sigh. Merlin, he's so lovely. "Perhaps." Aurelia mumbles teasingly, she feels so tired. Her eyelids are drooping and she can barely repress the urge to yawn. "You did amazing, Ari." Neville tells her, beaming with pride. Aurelia forces a smile on her face but she doesn't feel like she did amazing, she thinks she did a shitty job. She almost didn't save him because she's scared of water — how shitty can you be, huh? Neville pokes her nose softly, startling Aurelia — this is new? — he beams at her "You've got a cute nose, did you know that?"
IN THE AFTERMATH OF THE SECOND TASK, things get worse. Despite being tied in first with Harry, Aurelia feels horrible. Her performance during the second task didn't deserve such a good score (the highest score came from Dumbledore which is bloody shady!) but a lot of people seem to think she does. She's gained quite a following from saving Fleur from the Grindylows and Aurelia knows that's a good thing but she doesn't feel like it's a good thing — she just feels so overwhelmingly sad and tired. This tournament, she's concluded, is going to be the death of me. When she had been selected, she had said she was too weak for this tournament and much too young. She couldn't handle the stress, she couldn't handle anything this tournament threw at her — mentally speaking. Aurelia's technically in first place so she's doing good but she's not doing good. Aurelia's bloody certain she's not going going to survive the next task — she's genuinely frightened she's going to die doing whatever the third task involves. The third task is always the worst. And to add the cherry of bullshit on top of the sundae of fuckery that's now her life — Skeeter put out another article about her. The article claims that her and Neville are dating and it included two photos of them that Aurelia can't exactly explain how Skeeter got them without coming up with a huge theory — she came up with two. Skeeter also attacked Hermione, the article about her is way worse than Aurelia's article. Aurelia's beginning to wonder just how Skeeter is getting all this information, as far as she knows, Skeeter's been banned from school grounds. Which leaves two possible theories: Invisibility Cloak or Animagus. Skeeter being an Animagus is more likely; Dumbledore could've forgotten that fact, or perhaps her form was too small to spot, or perhaps she's an unregistered — "Vell, Vell, Vell, if it isn't the little vhore." Aurelia's blood runs cold at the sound of Noelle's voice. "I'm not a whore." Aurelia tells her; she doesn't turn around, she's too afraid to face Noelle. "Dating Longbottom vhile 'ou are dating me makes you a filthy-blooded vhore." "I am Pureblood, thank you very much." Aurelia says defensively. "Prejudice much?" Noelle teases maliciously. "Says the one who called me filthy-blooded." Aurelia counters, turning to see that Noelle is stalking towards her. Aurelia dumbly pushes herself into a corner to get away from Noelle, she quickly realises her mistake and moves to shoot past but, Noelle's arm shoots out faster and blocks her chance of escape. "The article was fake and even it if wasn't I technically did break up with you." Aurelia says nervously. Noelle laughs shrilly "And I told 'ou, you veren't going to and vhat did 'ou do? 'Ou obeyed like a filthy little mutt —" "Get away from me." Noelle's moving closer, Aurelia's pressed into the corner and she's trapped and she's terrified. Noelle giggles "Aww, is the wittle baby scared of me?" To stop her lower lip from trembling, she bites down on it and shakes her head. Aurelia stares defiantly at Noelle who giggles again, her brown eyes darkening as they narrow. "Are you sure about that, my pet?" Noelle asks, breathless. There's a mad glint in her eyes that chills Aurelia to the bone. Suddenly, Aurelia's painfully aware of Noelle's warm hand on her inner thigh. She inhales sharply "No!" Noelle laughs coldly "Oh, Aurelia Alice, you should know I don't take no for an answer." Her hand slips just past the hem of Aurelia's skirt. Aurelia breathes heavily, gripping her wand tightly, she's got no choice but to use it. "Well, that — that's too bad 'cause you're takin' it now — STUPEFY!" The blast is so strong it knocks Noelle off her feet, she hits the ground with a satisfyingly loud thump. That's what she deserves for putting her hands on me without permission, Aurelia feels so angry and so scared at the same time. "Don't you ever — ever touch me again or — anyone for that matt — matter!" Aurelia snarls as she draws herself up to her full height, "No means no and I don't care if you don't like that, you ain't puttin' your hands on me with — without my permission!" Noelle's quick to recover, standing up in a blaze of fury. Much to Aurelia's surprise, Noelle's hair turns bright red. "HOW DARE YOU STUN ME YOU FLITHY-BLOODED BITCH!" Noelle shrieks, drawing her wand, "CR — CONFRINGO!" A blast of heat misses Aurelia's face by an inch, instead singing her hair and shoulder. She cries out in pain, stumbling to the side as she uses her wandless hand to brushes out any possible flames on her. Noelle growls frustrated, her hair had returned to its' natural colour and Aurelia wonders if she'd just imagined it, she doesn't have time to ponder it as Noelle cries: "Flagrate!" Aurelia's hit with a stream of fire that burns her arm badly, she screams "Sonofabitch — Flipendo!" Noelle's knocked backwards and Aurelia flees. She scampers down multiple corridors not slowing down until she runs into Harry. Harry lets out a weird noise of surprise, stumbling backwards. When he gathers himself, he blinks multiple times and Aurelia assumes it's because of the state she's in. A chunk of blackened hair, a singed shoulder, and a burned arm, she must look all sorts of weird. "Er — your blouse is on fire." Harry says awkwardly, pointing at her burned arm. "Oh, ri — ri — right." Aurelia struggles to catch her breath, she starts patting her burning blouse to extinguish the flames, wishing that she could properly do "Aguamenti'. "Are you alright? You, er, don't look to good?" "M'fine, m'fine. Just trying out some — some new spells." "Then why are you crying?" "When am I — I not crying, Harold?" Harry opens his mouth then promptly closes it because she makes a fair point. He glances around then hands in her a bit of parchment "Er, it's from Padfoot — Sirius — he wants to see you. He explains it in the letter. Just meet us in Hogsmeade and bring lots of food." Aurelia reads the letter quickly, ignoring the pain in her arm and shoulder. "Okay," Aurelia's nose crinkles in confusion, "But, why does he want me to come?" The letter is pretty much just what Harry had told her, with a little 'P.S please bring Aurelia if you can' at the bottom. Harry shrugs, he's just confused as she is. Aurelia thinks of every possible reason Sirius could want her to come — the best, the worst, and even worse Seamus being right! "You reckon, he really is m'dad?" Aurelia asks, nervously. That possibility is between the best and the worst. It'd be bad because Seamus'd be right but it'd be good because Aurelia thinks Sirius would be a good dad. He'd be a dad that truly loves her. Harry shrugs again "Well, er, I thought he might've been but Sirius hasn't really asked about you and if you were is daughter, I think he'd be on my case more about you. Er, and I reckon he would've told me by now. I think he, well, I think he just wants to see some of his family. As far as I know, you're the only family he has." That's not true, he's got the Tonks but Aurelia's not certain if any of them know of his innocence, but it makes sense. You're a Malfoy, she reminds herself, unloved and unwanted but, a Malfoy nevertheless. "Are you alright?" Aurelia nods, smoothing out her skirt as tears run down her flushed cheeks, her voices cracks as she says: "M'fine." Harry either believes her or realises there's nothing he can do and bids her a good afternoon, suggesting she go to the Hospital Wing to treat her burn. Aurelia nods, bidding him a good day but she doesn't go to the Hospital Wing. Going to the Hospital Wing would mean, Aurelia'd have to tell Pomfrey what happened and she doubts Pomfrey would believe her. She feels sick. No means no, it's such a simple lesson. An important lesson yet so many people don't understand it, she knows it's Noelle's fault. Noelle is the one who didn't listen, Noelle's in the wrong. But, she feels dirty. Aurelia feels dazed. The only sign that she's awake is the stinging on her arm and shoulder, she swallows thickly as her stomach twists violently. If she hadn't fought back, just how far would Noelle have gone? Aurelia ponders whether or not she should tell someone. She looks at the thin soon-to-be scar on her arm from where Noelle had hit her with 'Flagrate' and worries that Noelle might try something like that again with her — with someone else. Aurelia had been lucky, she had been able to fight back but what if someone else can't because they're too scared or they don't see it coming all because Noelle can't take no for an answer like the shitty human being she is. But, would anyone believe her? She's got proof that she got in a duel with Noelle but none that proves Noelle sexually assaulted her. No one would believe her about that; Dumbledore — the only person in this school that can do anything about anything — never believes her. He never believed her when she came to him in literal tears telling him that her parents would disown (to be fair, they didn't disown her — she disowned herself — but they weren't bloody happy) her when she had been sorted into Hufflepuff. He never believed her when she told him that Snape was literally bullying Neville and many other students. And, he'd never believe her about this. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Neville Longbottom doesn't like to hate people. He doesn't like the feeling of his twisting guts or burning in his chest that comes along with hating someone. He doesn't hate a lot of people especially not people his own age but, Noelle Edwyn Godwin is an exception. He's never hated someone he barely knows more than he's hated her. He's tried to like her because Aurelia liked her but he just couldn't bring himself too. When he had first met her, he'd been more jealous of Noelle than anything but jealously quickly turned to loathing as she started treating Aurelia rudely and then Noelle had went and stood Aurelia up which had been the final straw for Neville. There's something not right about Noelle and he wanted her to go away. He couldn't wait for this school year to end, because not only did that mean Noelle leaving, it would mean Aurelia would be happy again. She's been so sad and stressed because of the tournament and when the school year ends so does the tournament and Aurelia will no longer have to worry about it and she can go back to be being her happy, smiley self. Neville smiles at the thought of Aurelia being happy again, he doesn't like when she's sad. He just wants her to be happy. "Hey, Neville, have you seen Blue today?" Harry asks, entering the common room. Neville looks up from his Transfigurations essay, shaking his head which earns a frown from Harry. "Oh, never mind then." "Why?" "Well, she looked pretty bad early, she was on fire and she said that a spell backfired. I thought —" "SHE WAS ON FIRE!" Neville exclaims, jumping up hastily. Harry's eyes widen at Neville's loud reaction and he stammers: "Well, only a little bit." "AND YOU JUST LEFT HER?" "Her blouse was on fire but she put it out and I told her to go to the Hospital Wing." "And you thought she'd just go?" "Well, I —" Neville shakes his head disapprovingly and Harry's shocked, he's never seen Neville act like this. It's odd. Then again, Neville always acts odd when Aurelia's involved. "I'm gonna go find her." He says, he looks very worried. Aurelia could be anywhere in the castle, Harry thinks so he stops Neville from leaving and pulls out the Marauders Map. Neville's too worried to question what Harry's doing or what he's using, in fact he seems to be a little irritated that Harry had stopped him. Harry quickly spots Aurelia on the map and she's not in the Hospital Wing. "She's on the bridge." Harry informs Neville who's out the door before he can even finish the sentence. Harry tilts his head, wondering if Rita Skeeter actually wrote a true article, are Neville and Blue more than friends? Neville hurries out of Gryffindor tower and down the corridor, he wonders what happened to Aurelia because he knows it's not a spell backfiring, Neville knows Aurelia and he knows something bad happened to her. He's out of breath by the time he reaches the bridge, Aurelia standing in the middle of it, leaning against one side of the rail. As he approaches her, he notices she looks very ill, her hair is white and she's clutching the the top of the rail with both hands to steady herself; she looks like she's about to hurl. "Ari?" Neville calls out hesitantly but she doesn't respond. He can tell she's heard him though, her hands fly up to her face as she furiously wipes at her face — she's crying. He approaches her quicker "Ari, what's wrong? Ha — Harry told me you — you were burned, who bur — burned you." Aurelia's lower lip trembles "Noelle. We — she — oh, we got in — into a duel because of Skeeter's art — article. Neville loathes Noelle. "But, the article wasn't real and even if it was why would she care, she stood you up like a . . . Like a bitch." He whispers the words 'bitch' even though he believes Noelle is the biggest bitch to ever exist. Aurelia buries her face into her hands and sobs loudly, sinking to the ground. Neville sits down next to her. "How bad did she hurt you?" Neville asks softly, placing a hand on her thigh and she flinches away from his touch. "She called me a whore . . . Then she cornered me, well, I cornered myself because — because I'm dumb but then I tried to get away but she stopped me and then . . . Then she touched me, I told her 'no' an' she told me she didn't care and she kept going further and I managed to grab my wand and I stunned her. I was so angry I — I told her no. I did. But, she didn't care. How could she not care, no means no. And I was so scared because what if I couldn't fight back how far would she have gone? And she got so angry with me and she hit me with some kind of blasting spell but it missed and then she hit me with 'Flagrate' and it hit my arm and then I knocked her backwards and ran away. And, I've got no proof that she did that to me an no one'll believe me and —" "I believe you." Neville says, he's shaking in anger but he does his best to keep his voice calm. "I thought she was going to kill me for saying no." Aurelia whispers fearfully, pulling at the hem of her skirt. "What do you want to do?" "Huh?" Aurelia blinks. "Do you want to tell someone?" Aurelia shakes her head quickly, chewing on her lower lip. "Okay," Neville says softly, "Is there anything you want to do?" "I want to get some food." Aurelia says, recalling that she's going to need lots of food for Sirius by the Hogsmeade trip. Neville nods, holding his hand out for her to take "Let's get some food then." She grabs his hand and he pulls her to her feet. "How much food do you reckon Sirius Black would eat?" Neville whispers and Aurelia looks at him in shock. "How —" Neville gives her an almost cheeky smile "Lyra. She's been telling me Sirius is innocent for years. She mentioned that he's in Hogsmeade and that I need to make some peanut butter and jelly sandwiches." "And you thought that cause I — I want to get food that it's for Sirius?" Aurelia questions, wiping away some stray tears. "No, b — but it reminded me." Neville replies sheepishly. "So, Lyra knows that Sirius is innocent?" Neville nods "She's been trying to get him out of Azkaban for years." Then Neville whispers in her ear that he knows Sirius escaped because he's an Animagus, Aurelia's surprised that Lyra had actually told him this. "She's an Animagus too." He whispers, "She was best friends with Professor Lupin, Peter Pettigrew, and James Potter and they made this thing, Harry's got it? Have you seen it?" "The map?" Aurelia questions to which Neville nods. "Yeah, that. She talks about that a lot — she's Foxtrot. It's a the name of a dance move but it's obvious what her Animagus form is, isn't it?" Aurelia smiles softly. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ By the time the Hogsmeade trip rolled around, Aurelia and Neville had made enough food to feed an army. Neville doesn't go with Aurelia because according to him, Lyra doesn't want Harry to know that Neville knows of Sirius' innocence. Which, doesn't make much sense to Aurelia but, then again, Lyra never makes sense to Aurelia so she doesn't question it. It's just her, Harry, Ron, and Hermione going to see Sirius. The four of them make their way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out towards the edge of the village, Aurelia's sure none of them have ever been in this direction before. The winding lane leads them into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade, as they turn the corner Aurelia spots at the end of the lane, waiting for them, is a very large, shaggy black dog, which carries some newspapers in its mouth. Aurelia knows at once that it must be Sirius Black. She realises she had seen him a few times last year, when he had wandered around the castle grounds. Aurelia had even given him half of her ham sandwich one time, believing him to be a starving stray. Still, Aurelia can't pass the chance to tease Harry as she recalls Divination from last year, she grabs ahold of Harry's shoulders. "Oh, no!" Aurelia gasps in a loud whisper, "Harold, it's — it's the grim!" The three roll their eyes, fond smiles are plastered on their faces, Harry shrugs Aurelia's hands off his shoulders and moves forward to greet Sirius. "Hello, Sirius." The black dog sniffs Harry's bag eagerly, wags its' tail once and turns, trotting away from them across the scrubby patch of ground that rises to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Aurelia groans quietly when she realises they have to climb up the mountain: "Well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw." They follow after Sirius, who leads them up the mountain, where the ground is covered in boulders and rocks. It's easy for Sirius to climb, with his four paws, but the four of them are soon out of breath. For nearly half an hour they climb a steep, winding, and stony path, following the black dog's wagging tail as they sweat up a storm underneath the sun. Aurelia's terrible dog puns do nothing to help the three Gryffindors but, Sirius seems to enjoy them, letting out barks in reply as though he's laughing. Then, at last, Sirius slips out of sight, and when they reach the place where he had vanished, they see a narrow fissure in the rock. They squeeze through it, finding themselves in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a large rock, is Buckbeak the hippogriff. "Wait, he's alive! Buckbeak's alive, God bless!" Aurelia whispers to Hermione, who nods. "Yes, didn't Harry tell you, how else did Sirius get away?" "I assumed on a broomstick, the little shit never mentioned Buckbeak!" All four of them bow low to Buckbeak, after regarding them imperiously for a moment, Buckbeak bends his scaly front knees, giving them permission to pet him if they desire. Aurelia gives Buckbeak a quick pat, cooing: "Aren't you the goodest boy? Aye, you are." Then she turns her attention to her cousin, Sirius had transformed out of his Animagus state. Aurelia studies him for a moment, they look at lot alike — a tall build, skinny frame (which is probably due to malnourishment on Sirius' part), and the obvious Black family genetics. Aurelia looks more like Sirius than she does with her mum, dad, and brother. Honestly, what the fuck is wrong with my genes?! "Chicken!" Sirius says hoarsely. Harry hands him his bag of food, Aurelia removes her backpack that's full of food. She had also charmed it with one of her spells to preserve the food inside it, the spell had originally been created to preserve the flower crowns Neville makes her but by accident Aurelia discovered the spell can also preserve food. The spell preserves flowers forever whereas it only preserves cooked food for months. But, Aurelia knows that it will be enough for Sirius even if it's not permanent, there's enough food in there to last Sirius about six months. "Thanks," Sirius says to Harry, tearing off a large chunk of chicken with his teeth, "I've been living off rats mostly. Can't steal too much food from Hogsmeade; I'd draw attention to myself." Aurelia hands him the backpack, stammering shyly: "Here, I — I taught myself the extension charm so there's a lot more food in there then you'd think. Also it's — it's preserved with a spell so the food will last you quite awhile before spoiling . . . I'd say about six or seven months, so, uh, no more living off o' rats." Sirius looks at Aurelia, his grey eyes go wide and he smiles softly at her "So you came, huh?" Aurelia nods eagerly "O' Course, I came — there's also a — uh, some clothes in there, Lyra gave them to me, well, uh, she gave them to Neville who gave them to — to me." Sirius thanks her, tucking the backpack to the side as he grins at both Aurelia and Harry. "What're you doing here, Sirius?" Harry asks, grinning reluctantly at Sirius. "Fulfilling my duty as godfather, don't worry about it, I'm pretending to be a lovable stray." Sirius replies, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. Then, more seriously adds: "I want to be on the spot. Your last letter . . . Well, let's just say things are getting fishier. I've been stealing the paper every time someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, I'm not the only one who's getting worried." "What if they catch you? What if you're seen?" "You four and Dumbledore are the only ones around here who know I'm an Animagus." Ron nudges Harry and shows him a copy of the Daily Prophet. "Neville, huh?" Sirius questions Aurelia, "That'd be the Longbottom's son, right?" Aurelia nods, feeling a little intimidated by Sirius. She wonders if he thinks that she's as stuck-up as the rest of their family. "Please tell me that he made some PB&J sandwhiches, Alice used to make killer ones!" Sirius pleads dramatically. "I think he made a couple, we made a lot of food in the kitchens." Aurelia says quietly. Sirius sighs delightedly "I'm so looking forward to having one of those." Aurelia grins shyly. "You're a lot more quieter than I expected you to be." Sirius comments, "When you were a little baby, you were very vocal, you didn't cry much but you had no problem when it came to demanding things." Aurelia goes to question just exactly how Sirius knew her as a baby but Harry cuts in with: "They're making it sound like he's dying but, he can't be that ill if he managed to get up here." "My brother's Crouch's personal assistant, he says Crouch is suffering from overwork." Ron tells Sirius. "Mind you, he did look ill, last time I saw him up close. The night my name came out of the goblet." "I'm pretty everyone looked like they were ill the night our names came out of the goblet." Aurelia says dryly, "They weren't bloody supposed to." Hermione makes a snide comment about Crouch's firing of his House-Elf which earns as dark look from Ron as he informs Sirius that she's obsessed with House-Elves. However, Sirius looks interested in her remark. Please, don't bring up S.P.E.W, Aurelia pleads mentally, glancing at Hermione. If she brings up S.P.E.W one more time, Aurelia might lose it. Aurelia thinks House-Elves deserve better rights and treatment but she absolutely detests the way Hermione's going about it. She's scaring the House-Elves more than she's helping them. "Crouch sacked his House-Elf?" Sirius asks. Harry nods, launching into a long story about what happened during the Quidditch World Cup. Aurelia pales, remembering her encounter with Goyle. Don't think about it, she tells herself, breathing heavily. Don't fucking think about it. By the end of Harry's story, Aurelia's completely rigid and trying not to let the memories of that night take over her mind. She watches as Sirius paces the length of the cave, looking very thoughtful. "Let me get this straight, you first saw the elf in the Top Box. She was sav- ing Crouch a seat, right?" "Right" Harry, Ron, and Hermione chorus, Aurelia nods in agreement; her throat is too constricted for her to speak. Aurelia thinks she might cry if she tries to. "But, Crouch didn't turn up for the match?" "No, I think he said he'd been too busy." "Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you'd left the Top Box?" Sirius asks. Harry looks like he's got to think very hard before he responds: "Erm . . . No." He explains that he didn't need to use his wand so he hadn't bothered to check. Aurelia blinks back tears as Gwendoline Goyle's voice invades her mind. Go away, go away, go away go away. She wants to clutch her ears to block out her voice but she finds herself frozen. You're not here, you can't be here, you're not real. Hermione's indignant cry of "Winky didn't steal that wand!" startles Aurelia who lets out a quiet gasp. She blinks again, see, it's not real! But, Merlin, does it feel real. Sirius asks who else had been in the Top Box, Harry responds with the names of the people how had been in there. At the mention of her parents, Ron exclaims: "The Malfoys! I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!" "Anyone else?" Sirius asks Harry. "No." "Yes," Hermione disagrees, "There was Ludo Bagman." "I don't know anything about Bagman except that he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps. What's he like?" Sirius questions. "He's a wanker." Aurelia says flatly. "He's okay." Harry says, "He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament." "It's 'cause you're the bloody Boy-Who-Lived." Aurelia mutters bitterly, glaring at her feet, "He wants you to live, that's why he's helping you either that or he made a ruddy bet on you." "Does he, now? I wonder why he'd do that?" Sirius says, for a moment Aurelia thinks they hadn't heard her. "Says he's taken a liking to me." Sirius turns to Aurelia "He's not helping you, is he?" She shakes her head, scoffing: "He acts like I'm not even in the bloody tournament half the time." Sirius looks thoughtful. "We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared. Remember?" Hermione says. "Yeah, but he didn't stay in the forest, did he? The moment we told him about the riot, he went off to the campsite." Says Ron. Hermione shoots back: "How d'you know? How d'you know where he Disapparated to?" "Come off it! Are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?" "It's more likely he did it than Winky!" "Told you, told you she's obsessed with house —" Sirius silences Ron, holding up a hand, asking: "When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been discovered holding Harry's wand, what did Crouch do?" "Went to look in the bushes, but there wasn't anyone else there." "Of course, of course, he'd want to pin it on anyone but his own elf . . . And then he sacked her?" Hermione answers this rather heatedly: "Yes, he sacked her, just because she hadn't stayed in her tent and let herself get trampled —" "Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!" Sirius shakes his head, saying: "She's got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals." He runs a hand over his unshaven face "All these absences of Barty Crouch's . . . He goes to the trouble of making sure his House-Elf saves him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn't bother to turn up and watch. He works very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to that too . . . It's not like Crouch. If he's ever taken a day off work because of illness before this, I'll eat Buckbeak." "D'you know Crouch, then?" Aurelia snorts dryly "He's the one who sent him to ruddy Azkaban without a trial." Sirius face darkens, nodding in agreement with Aurelia. "What?" Ron and Hermione gasp while Harry exclaims: "You're kidding!" "No, I'm not, Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law En- forcement, didn't you know? He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic," said Sirius. "He's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical — and power-hungry. Oh, never a Voldemort supporter! No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark Side. But, then a lot of people who were against the Dark Side . . . Well, you wouldn't understand . . . You're too young." "People who were against the Dark Side were killed." Aurelia says darkly, finishing Sirius' sentence more than likely. "That's what my dad said at the World Cup!" Rons says irritably, "Try us, why don't you?" Sirius grins "All right, I'll try you . . . Imagine that Voldemort's powerful now. You don't know who his supporters are, you don't know who's working for him and who isn't; you know he can control people so that they do terrible things without being able to stop themselves. You're scared for yourself, and your family, and your friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, more disappearances, more torturing . . . The Ministry of Magic's in disarray, they don't know what to do, they're trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggles, but meanwhile, Muggles are dying too. Terror everywhere . . . Panic . . . Confusion. That's how it used to be." Sirius pauses for a moment then continues "Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others. Crouch's principles might've been good in the beginning — I wouldn't know. He rose quickly through the Ministry, and he started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemort's supporters. The Aurors were given new powers — powers to kill rather than capture, for instance. And I wasn't the only one who was handed straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence and authorized the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark Side. He had his supporters, mind you — plenty of people thought he was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But, then something rather unfortunate happened . . . Crouch's own son was caught with a group of Death-Eaters who'd managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently, they were trying to find Voldemort and return him to power." Aurelia gasps, she knows exactly where this conversation is going and she hates it. "Crouch's son was caught?" Hermione gasps. "Yep." Sirius replies, throwing his chicken bone to Buckbeak, "Nasty little shock for old Barty, I'd imagine. Should have spent a bit more time at home with his family, shouldn't he? Ought to have left the office early once in a while . . . Gotten to know his own son." "Was his son a Death-Eater?" Harry wonders. Aurelia stares at the ground intently, bitterly thinking, oh, yes he was, just like my crazy bitch of an aunt! "No idea. I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. This is mostly stuff I've found out since I got out. The boy was definitely caught in the company of people I'd bet my life were Death-Eaters, but he might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the house-elf." "Did Crouch try and get his son off?" Hermione whispers. Aurelia scoffs silently as she recalls the memory she had witnessed in the Pensieve, fuck no. Tears burn her eyes as she thinks about the poor Longbottoms. Sirius lets out a bark-like laugh "Crouch let his son off? I thought you had the measure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened to tarnish his reputation had to go; he had dedicated his whole life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw him dismiss a devoted house-elf because she associated him with the Dark Mark again — doesn't that tell you what he's like? Crouch's fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give his son a trial, and by all accounts, it wasn't much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the boy . . . Then he sent him straight to Azkaban." "He gave his own son to the Dementors?" "That's right, I saw the dementors bringing him in, watched them through the bars in my cell door. He can't have been more than nineteen. They took him into a cell near mine. He was screaming for his mother by nightfall. He went quiet after a few days, though . . . They all went quiet in the end . . . Except when they shrieked in their sleep." Aurelia's stomach twists painfully, she feels horrible for Sirius. She can't imagine spending a day in Azkaban much less twelve years. "So he's still in Azkaban?" "No, no, he's not in there anymore. He died about a year after they brought him in." "He died?" "He wasn't the only one. Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. They lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the Dementors could sense it, they got excited. That boy looked pretty sickly when he arrived. Crouch being an important Ministry member, he and his wife were allowed a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half carrying his wife past my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly afterward. Grief. Wasted away just like the boy. Crouch never came for his son's body. The Dementors buried him outside the fortress; I watched them do it." Aurelia frowns, that doesn't sound right. She recalls a time when she'd been about five or six and an Azkaban guard came to Malfoy Manor, bearing news that her aunt might've be dying soon and her parents would need to make arrangements for her body because they couldn't bury the body on Azkaban grounds. So, why didn't they do the same for Crouch? Did they run out of room? Sirius continues on about Crouch and then Ron and Hermione start bickering about Snape. Aurelia thinks of her aunt, wondering how she's faring in Azkaban and she knows she shouldn't care but she does. She wants to know, if maybe, she's changed. Dumbledore seemed to think she could change, he had been willing to give her a lighter sentence. " — Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I've wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape's always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. Slimy, oily, greasy-haired kid, he was," Sirius says, "Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death-Eaters." Sirius holds up his fingers, ticking off names: "Rosier and Wilkes — they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges —" Aurelia falls off the rock she'd been sitting on, Ron, Harry, and Hermione give her weird looks before returning their attention to Sirius. "— They're a married couple — they're in Azkaban. Avery — from what I've heard he wormed his way out of trouble by saying he'd been acting under the Imperius Curse — he's still at large. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater — not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape's certainly clever and cunning enough to keep himself out of trouble." Ron and Harry bring up Karkaroff and his connection to Snape and Sirius questions them about it. Aurelia frowns, more shaken up about the mentions of the Lestranges than she probably should be. She feels so fucking guilty and part of her realises it's a bit irrational for her to feel this guilty but she can't stop it. She can never stop it. She remembers the time she had adored Bellatrix Lestrange and it makes her feel so bad because how could she love someone who hurt so many people. She remembers when she had hoped and prayed for Bellatrix to return fro Azkaban — at the time she didn't know Bellatrix was in Azkaban, Aurelia just thought she had went on a really long trip — Merlin, she hates herself. Sirius heaves a sigh, asking what time is it and Hermione replies with the time. He tells them that they best get back to school. He gives Harry a particularly hard look as he says: "Now, listen . . . I don't want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still want to hear about anything odd. But you're not to go leaving Hogwarts without permission; it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you." "No one's tried to attack me so far, except a dragon and a couple of grindylows," Harry says. Sirius scowls "I don't care . . . I'll breathe freely again when this tournament's over, and that's not until June. And don't forget, if you're talking about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay?" They all nod. "I'll walk to the edge of the village with you, see if I can scrounge another paper." Sirius says, then transforms into his Animagus form. They walk back down the mountainside with him, across the boulder-strewn ground, and back to the stile. Here he allows each of them to pat him on the head, Harry, Ron, and Hermione head off but, Aurelia stays behind. "Sirius . . . Can I ask you something?" Aurelia asks quietly. The dog barks and leads her back to the boulders, he transforms back and says: "Ask away, Rory." Aurelia frowns "Is . . . I know I shouldn't care but, is she . . . Okay? Has she gone mad in there?" Sirius' face softens "Oh, Rory. It's okay to care, kid. She's your aunt and you were quite attached to her. It's not wrong for you to care." "Has she gone mad in there?" Sirius hesitates before shaking his head "No, I wouldn't say she's gone mad. She's still holding onto to what very little sanity she has." "Do you think she's changed? Do you think she regrets what she did to Alice, Frank, and Neville? Does she have any remorse for her actions?" "You blame yourself for what Bella's done, don't you?" Aurelia doesn't answer. Sirius grabs her shoulders, "You shouldn't. Listen, you'll be hearing this a lot soon but, believe me when I say that Mae completely changed Bellatrix for the better, and you and Elliot, you gave her something to fight for. Something to stand against Voldemort and she did for —" "Then why did she do that?!" Aurelia snaps, "Why did she hurt the Longbottoms?!" There's a long pause and Sirius gives Aurelia this torn stare. For a moment, Aurelia thinks he's going to to hit her with something Earth-shattering but then his shoulders slump and he frowns. "I don't know — We don't know what made her do the things she did, but there was a moment where she tried to be good like you." Aurelia sobs and Sirius hugs her hesitantly. "You are not to blame for the actions of our family."
ON SUNDAY, AURELIA WALLOWS THE DAY AWAY in self-doubt, not even bothering to get out of bed. Her dorm mates plead with to her to join them in their activities but she's much too tired. So, instead, she buries herself under the covers and tears herself apart with her own thoughts. Sirius hadn't answered her question, of whether or not Bellatrix had changed or regretted her actions. The answer would never change what her aunt had done, it would still forever be a horrible crime. But, somehow knowing that she regretted what she had done would make Aurelia feel so much better. She doesn't understand why this piece of practically useless information would help her feel better but then again, she doesn't understand why she feels so guilty for what her aunt had done when she was a baby. Her mind swirls into a deeper hole as she recalls the fact that Sirius knew her as a baby which is suspicious beyond belief. There's no bloody way the Malfoys would ever allow Sirius — a blood-traitor — near their children, especially with Voldemort in full power. . . Well, they did let her near Andromeda, but that was only for 'educational purposes' — to get her Metamorphmagus abilities in order, nothing more. But, Sirius, he had nothing to offer her so why would he have seen her as a baby? If she had been raised by Bellatrix for most of her first year of being alive, then there'd be even less of a chance that Sirius would've known her. Unless, something else entirely different is going on — NO. No, she's a Malfoy. She's not Bellatrix's adopted nor biological daughter, she's not anything too important to Sirius — she is a full-blooded Malfoy. That's what she was born as, that's how she was raised, and that's how it's going to stay whether or not there's a trillion different signs proving otherwise — Aurelia Alice Black is a Malfoy even if she doesn't use the name. She's a Malfoy. Aurelia wishes she could go back to a time where she hardly ever doubted this, a time when she knew who she bloody was. Now, she's just confused; a lot had changed in a year. She wakes up Monday morning, feeling like shit. She feels so dreadfully tired despite the fact that she's gotten way more than eight hours of sleep. Aurelia doesn't want to go to class, she just wants to stay in bed all day again, but, with great difficulty, she pulls herself out of bed. Guilt and overwhelming sadness eat away at her as she showers and she just can't take it anymore. She digs her nails into the soft flesh of her arms, wishing to feel anything other than this. Aurelia hates it, she just wants to feel happy for once. Stumbling out of the shower, she reaches for her wand. Madam Pomfrey had told her, warned her continuously, not to use the Cheering Charm. She had said that at this point, the charm would do more harm than good for Aurelia, once it wore off it would just leave Aurelia feeling worse. But, Aurelia doesn't think she can feel any worse than this. She just wants to feel happy, even for a little while, and so she casts the charm on herself. The warmth of happiness envelops her immediately and it's glorious; Aurelia revels in it. No longer does she feel perpetually tired but energetic, she felt so alive and alert; it's thrilling. Aurelia wishes that Pomfrey had used this on her sooner, it feels amazing. Her guilt and sadness, all her worries have turned into amusing things — God, I feel so alive! — Aurelia wants this feeling to last forever. Aurelia plans her outfit — it's cute and she looks like a sunset! She does her hair and she does her make up all fancy-like and for the first time in what feels like for ever, it doesn't feel like a chore to Aurelia; she actually enjoys doing it. When she enters the Great Hall, her friends do a double take upon seeing the beaming smile on Aurelia's face. Seamus rubs his eyes in disbelief, Dean chokes on his pumpkin juice, and Neville can't tell if she's genuinely happy or if she's being sarcastic. She doesn't look really happy, her face is flushed and her eyes are brighter than they've been in a long time leading many to assume she's very happy but it's the smile that gives her away — her smile is far too wide. It looks like her smile, the one that she gives to Lyra and Professor Snape, the one that Olivia calls her 'Sarcastic Smile of Death'. Something's off. Neville watches curiously as Aurelia approaches them, her rather long legs taking long strides as she almost skips over to the Gryffindor table. Perhaps, Olivia shared some interesting gossip with her this morning and she can't wait to tell them. Or perhaps, Lyra said something to Aurelia that had pissed her off. "Good mornin'!" Aurelia greets them cheerily, emerald green eyes sparkling with happiness, they're wider than usual and it reminds Neville of the younger Ravenclaw girl that Elliot often defends — Luna Lovegood? In fact, paired with Aurelia's strawberry-blonde hair, Neville thinks they could pass as siblings. "Good morning." Seamus greets hesitantly. Dean glances at his dorm mates than to Aurelia, asking: "Are you alright?" Blue?" "Aye, never better!" She giggles, "Ah'm feelin' like ah I could take oan th' world!" Dean and Seamus share a look before looking to Neville: "What?" "She said she feels like she could take on the world — did you — did you use the Cheering Charm?" Aurelia grins "Aye, ye bet yer cute bahookie ah did!" 'Bahookie?' Seamus mouths to Dean, who mouths back: 'What does that even mean?' Neville's definitely concerned because he didn't actually expect her to have used the Cheering Charm on herself. She looks way more cheerful than she should be, when they had practiced the charm the previous year, it hadn't made them that happy. "How do you feel?" He asks hesitantly. Aurelia laughs boisterously "I feel great!" Neville smiles softly, happy that she seems happy but worried that she isn't really happy. He worries that something might've went wrong with the Cheering Charm — oh, he hopes not. "Are you sure?" Aurelia blinks then giggles again "O' course ah am, Plant Boy! Ah 'ave never been happier!" "Mmm, sure, Blue." Seamus says sarcastically to which Dean shoves him lightly and gives his a scolding look but Aurelia doesn't take offense to his remark — she can't take offense to it — she just smiles her cute little smile and giggles her cute little giggle. "Did you ask Pomfrey about this first?" Neville asks fretfully. Aurelia nods her head over-exaggeratedly "Aye, Ah did. Multiple times an' th' lass told me not tae do it but I just couldn't take bein' so sad anymore! Ah didn't want tae annoy Seamus anymore than I already 'ave an' ye know it's just too hard bein' so sad. Ah really couldn't take it so ah did it anyway." Seamus and Dean share another confused look, they're having a hard time understanding her today; her accent normally isn't this thick. "Ari, if Pomfrey told you not to do it than you shouldn't have done it!" Neville scolds her, he wonders if he should take her to see Madam Pomfrey. "Ah did it anyway, ah told ye ah didn't want to feel sad anymore ah couldn't take it." Aurelia says firmly but the smile never leaves her face. Neville goes to argue further, very worried about her mental state at this point but Aurelia's distracted by an owl — make that multiple owls. "Oi, look!" Aurelia exclaims, her green eyes going even wider as she points at Hermione. The three boys turn to look, Hermione's being swarmed by multiple owls then they look at each other, confused by the scene. Aurelia's eyebrows furrow but her wide smile remains on her face as she says: "O' bullocks! Skeeter's struck again!" Aurelia, herself, had gotten hate-mail, a handful letters from Merlin knows who when Skeeter had written that she was a werewolf. Aurelia had only opened one but only got through half the letter before tossing them all in a fire. They had brought Remus into it and it made her angry and she couldn't bring herself to read anymore, so up in flames they went. Hermione's looked far worse than what Aurelia had gotten. Someone had sent her a curse of some kind, Hermione's hands began to swell up in a painful manner as she drops the one letter and hurries out of the Great Hall. "Poor lass." Aurelia sighs, "Th' bitch, Skeeter is really gettin' on m'nerves. She's like a pesky little . . . Bug." "BUG!" Aurelia exclaims suddenly, her hair going bright orange and her smile stretches so wide that it looks almost painful to Neville. Neville looks at her confused then looks at his dorm mates, they look just as, if not, more confused. "Ah knew it, that ruddy bitch is actually a bug." Aurelia exclaims, more quietly this time. Aurelia says nothing more on whatever she's talking about as she's distracted by a pile of chocolate chip pancakes. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The morning classes go by quickly and she's still so happy. And then, twenty minutes from lunch time, it's gone. It just goes away quicker than a blink of an eye. It doesn't wear off like it should've. Aurelia remembers clearly that it slowly faded when she used it last year but now, it just went away without warning. It shocks her, one minute she's light and happy and the next she's heavy and numb. Aurelia stops talking mid-sentence "— Oh. Oh no." Neville and Olivia look at her, did she forget the lame plant pun she was going to tell them even though she's told it a thousand times before? Aurelia cries, clamping a hand over her mouth to muffle her sobs. She should've listened to Madam Pomfrey, it was worse. This is horrible, it's so overwhelming, her knees shake and she feels sick to her stomach. Neville places a hand on her shoulder and Olivia asks her what's wrong but to Aurelia it sounds muffled. She should've listened to Madam Pomfrey. The feeling of sadness is more overwhelming than ever before and it weighs heavy on her chest, making it hard to breathe. Professor Sprout sends her to the Hospital Wing, sending Neville along with her to act as an aid. Through blurry vision, Aurelia exits the greenhouse as she clings to Neville; she swears she sees a bug of some kind — she's can't make out what kind— fly out of Neville's hair and her stomach drops again. When she'd had the 'epiphany' earlier about Skeeter, Aurelia hadn't thought she'd be correct but seeing that bug fly out of Neville's hair makes her think, she is. She hopes that she's wrong and Skeeter's just using an Invisibility Cloak because if not, Skeeter's going to have a field day with this. "Oh no." She sobs into Neville's shoulder. It seems to be the only thing Aurelia can say or think for the rest of the day. Especially after getting an earful from Pomfrey for using the charm in the first place. The Cheering Charm is not meant to be used on a person suffering from depression, Madam Pomfrey couldn't give her a solid explanation as to why this is because she doesn't quite understand depression. She'd explained it being that depression effects a person much differently than other emotions such as sadness, angry, and annoyance which are the most common emotions that a Cheering Charm is used to fix. Since it effects a person different, the charm has to work harder to fix the emotion and sometimes the charm makes a person too happy and when it wears off the loss of happiness is hard blow, or sometimes it doesn't work at all. In other words, the Cheering Charm and depression don't get on well and Aurelia's an idiot for trying to make it happen. Pomfrey keeps her in the Hospital Wing for the rest of the day, she doesn't trust Aurelia not to do it again and Aurelia can't blame her. Even though, Aurelia thought the feeling was the most horrible feeling in the world when the charm wore off, she's just that desperate to feel happy for just a little bit. By the next morning, Aurelia's contemplating using it on herself again. She thinks she's going to need it if she's going to make it through the day without punching someone. The Daily Prophet is clutched so tightly in her shaking hands that it's slowly tearing apart as she reads the slanderous article written about her. THE MADNESS OF HOUSE BLACK It mostly slanders her aunt and cousin but it's about the 'breakdown' she had yesterday in Herbology. Which is overdramatised in the article, of course, Rita ruddy Skeeter would make her seem like she's lost her bloody mind. Stupid bitch, Aurelia thinks angrily, you just fucking proved that you're an unregistered Animagus. She wonders just what to do with this information, there's no use telling Dumbledore because he'll either not believe her or he already knows. She should tell Hermione but she's probably already knows too. Aurelia's smart but Hermione's smarter, she probably figured this out ages ago. She wants revenge, Rita's not only slandered her but her friends, Remus, and Sirius but, she's not so sure revenge would be worth it. After all, these articles about her are technically Skeeter's revenge against her mother and her aunts, maybe Aurelia should just let her have this one — "OH, FUCK THAT! This bitch just said I was as crazy as my aunt!" Aurelia crumbles the article, slamming it down on the bedside table, she is so getting revenge. Someway, somehow, someday. Aurelia will take Skeeter the fuck out. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia doesn't attempt the Cheering Charm again, there had been times where she'd come close to it, so desperate just to feel light and happy again but then she remembers just how horrible she felt afterwards and manages to stop herself — days like today. Sprout tells her that she's too head to the Quidditch pitch around nine to receive news about the third task from Bagman. Between the fact it's the third task and Ludo bloody Bagman, Aurelia really needs to be punched in the face with happy to withstand whatever she's going to be told tonight. She heads out with Cedric and they run into Harry in the Entrance Hall. "What d'you reckon it's going to be?" Cedric asks, trying to start a conversation as they head down the stone steps. "Fleur keeps going on about underground tunnels; she reckons we've got to find treasure." Aurelia adds. "That won't be too bad." Harry says thoughtfully. "What've they done to it?" Cedric asks indignantly, stopping dead when they come across the Quidditch field, it's no longer smooth and flat. It looks as though somebody had been building long, low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction. "They're hedges!" Harry exclaims, bending to examine the nearest one. "It's a maze!" Aurelia cries, she's seen Labyrinth once and she knows that mazes are not fun. Thank Merlin, she doesn't have a baby brother to worry about. "Hello there!" Bagman's annoyingly cheery voice calls out, he's standing in the middle of the field along with Viktor and Fleur. "Well, what d'you think? Growing nicely, aren't they? Give them a month and Hagrid'll have them twenty feet high. Don't worry, you'll have your Quidditch field back to normal once the task is over! Now, I imagine you can guess what we're making here?" Aurelia stares at him blankly, did he not hear her seconds ago? It's not like she whispered it! Aurelia scoffs quietly, a scowl growing on her face. "Maze." Krum grunts out, after a moment of silence. "That's right! A maze. The third task's really very straightforward. The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of the maze. The first champion to touch it will receive full marks." "We seemply 'ave to get through the maze?" Fleur asks. Aurelia frowns "Sounds fake . . . But, okay." "There will be obstacles." Bagman says happily, bouncing on the balls of his feet. "Ooop, there it is." Aurelia mutters. "Hagrid is providing a number of creatures . . . then there will be spells that must be broken . . . all that sort of thing, you know. Now, the champions who are leading on points will get a head start into the maze." Bagman grins at Harry and Aurelia (mostly Harry), "Then Mr. Diggory will enter . . . Then Mr. Krum . . . Then Miss Delacour. But, you'll all be in with a fighting chance, depending how well you get past the obstacles. Should be fun, eh?" "No, none of this tournament has been fun. The third task is never fun, it's the most dangerous out of them all!" Aurelia snaps as her hair turns red and Bagman casts her a dirty look. "Very well, Miss — is it, Black? If that that's how you choose you view this thrilling tournament than so be it, there's no reason to dampen the rest of our spirits." Bagman says sourly, "If you lot haven't got any questions, we'll go back up to the castle, shall we, it's a bit chilly." They all hurry back to the castle, Bagman's beside Harry and Aurelia waits for him to offer Harry some unfair advice but he doesn't get that chance. Viktor taps Harry on the shoulder, and asks for him to take a walk with him. Although, Aurelia likes Viktor something about this causes alarm bells to ring in her head. Viktor's never interacted with Harry before, what if it's not Viktor, what if he's under the Imperius Curse? She tells herself that she's just being paranoid but when Viktor leads him towards the forest rather than the Durmstrang ship, her bad feeling grows stronger. Aurelia tugs her Invisibility Cloak out of her messenger bag and covers herself with it. Aurelia trails after them, unseen, she follows them past Hagrid's hut and the Beauxbatons' carriage only for Viktor to bloody ask "Vot there is between you and Hermy-own-ninny?" Aurelia blinks, are you fucking kidding me, she almost screams. Merlin, she's been so paranoid lately, she hates herself. Viktor wouldn't hurt Harry and it's very unlikely that someone would control him to do so, what is wrong with her? She needs a moment to catch her breath, before she heads back up to the class now knowing that Harry's fine. Viktor and Harry go back and forth about Hermione for a bit before Viktor finally relents and compliments Harry's flying skills. Aurelia turns to leave, bragging to herself mentally about how Viktor complimented her flying skills first — wow, calm down, Draco! When the sound of a branch snapping catches her attention. Harry must hear it turn as he drawls his wand out, and turns Viktor, who questions what's wrong, around. Aurelia grabs her wand as well, getting ready to tug her cloak off when Barty Crouch comes staggering out of the trees, he looks terrible. He was bloody, unshaven, and his face is all scratched up leaving Aurelia to wonder just how long he'd been in that forest. Something is terribly wrong. Aurelia rushes forward, "Crouch, sir, are you alright!" Viktor and Harry look startled by her appearance but they were more startled by Crouch, who is acting very strangely. Crouch pays her no mind, he seems to be talking to someone who doesn't exist. "Vosn't he a judge? Isn't he vith your Ministry?" Krum asks. Both, Aurelia and Harry nod. Harry hesitates for a moment, then walks slowly toward Crouch, whereas Aurelia strides up to him, Crouch doesn't look at either of them, instead he talks to a nearby tree. "— And when you've done that, Weatherby, send an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durmstrang students who will be attending the tournament, Karkaroff has just sent word there will be twelve." "Mr. Crouch?" Harry says cautiously. Aurelia places her hand on his shoulder but he doesn't react "And then send another owl to Madame Maxime, because she might want to up the number of students she's bringing, now Karkaroff's made it a round dozen . . . Do that, Weatherby, will you? Will you? Will —" Crouch's eyes bulge as he stands, staring at the tree, muttering soundlessly at it then he staggers sideways and fall to his knees. "Oh, sir!" Aurelia cries, trying to help him up, "What are you doin' here? Did you walk all the way here? Did . . . Did someone put you — sweet Merlin!" Crouch's eyes are rolling in his head. "Mr. Crouch?" Harry says loudly, "Are you all right?" "Vot is wrong with him?" Viktor asks, approaching Crouch with caution, his eyes wide in alarm. "No idea," Harry mutters. "Listen, you'd better go and get someone —" "Dumbledore!" gasps Mr. Crouch, seizing a handful of Aurelia's robes, dragging her closer, though his eyes stare above her head, ". . . I need to . . . See . . . Dumbledore." "Oh — okay, sir." Aurelia stammers. "If you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can go up to the —" Harry says. "I've done . . . Stupid . . . Thing . . ." Crouch breathes and Aurelia's stomach twists painfully as her mind goes to a thousand horrible different scenarios; none of which she likes in the least bit. "Must . . . Tell . . . Dumbledore . . ." "Get up, Mr. Crouch. Get up, I'll take you to Dumbledore!" Harry says again. Crouch's eyes rolled forward onto Harry as he whispers: "Who . . . you?" "I'm a student at the school." Harry answers, looking at Viktor for some help, but he keeps his distance, looking extremely nervous. "You're not . . . his?" Her heart gives a horrible jolt as her mouth runs dry "Sir, please tell me you didn't —" "No." Harry says, but he doesn't know what Crouch means. "Dumbledore's?" "That's right." Crouch pulls Aurelia closer, trying to steady himself to get a good look at Harry. "Warn . . . Dumbledore . . ." "I'll get Dumbledore if you let go of her." Harry says, "Just let go, Mr. Crouch, and I'll get him." Crouch lets go of Aurelia and turns back to the tree "Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done that, I would like a cup of tea. My wife and son will be arriving shortly, we are attending a concert tonight with Mr. and Mrs. Fudge." Aurelia's frozen in fear, most of the worst case scenarios she's thought of involve Crouch's son even though he's apparently dead. "Yes, my son has recently gained twelve O.W.L.s, most satisfactory, yes, thank you, yes, very proud indeed. Now, if you could bring me that memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I will have time to draft a response." Harry tells Aurelia and Viktor to stay and keep an eye on Crouch while he gets Dumbledore but as he gets up to leave, Crouch abruptly grabs Harry's leg and pulls him back down. "Don't . . . Leave . . . Me!" He whispers, eyes bulging again "I . . . Escaped . . . Must warn . . . Must tell . . . See Dumbledore . . . My fault . . . All my fault . . . Bertha . . . Dead . . . All my fault . . . My son . . . My fault . . . Tell Dumbledore . . . Harry Potter . . . The Dark Lord . . . Stronger . . . Harry Potter —" It feels like the winds been knocked out of her lungs, 'escape' and 'my son' in the same incoherent sentence, oh, fuck no. Barty Crouch Jr. hadn't died in Azkaban, Crouch snuck him out somehow, oh son of bitch. Her mouth runs dry again, they're in danger. Everyone is in danger, it's like someone lit a match inside her, every part of her body feels like it's on fire. If Barty Crouch Jr. is really out there, so many people are in danger, he's dangerous. "I'll get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch!" Harry exclaims, looking furiously around at Viktor and Aurelia, "Help me, will you?" Viktor helps pulls Crouch off of Harry who says: "Just keep him there. I'll be back with Dumbledore." "Hurry, von't you?" Viktor calls after Harry's retreating body. A sound of a branch snapping hardly a minute or so later brings Aurelia to her senses, she looks around wearily "We should get him of here." "He said to keep him here." Viktor says hesitantly. "I don't think we're alone." Aurelia whispers, hair going white with fear. "Vot?" "I think his son is here." "Vot is so bad about that?" Viktor asks, looking away more than likely trying to see if Harry was returning with Dumbledore. "His son was a Death-Eater and he was thrown in Azkaban but I — I think Crouch might've let him out and he might've got a — VIKTOR LOOK OUT!" A bright red light had shot out from the tree line, heading straight for Viktor — a stunning spell. The spell hits him and knocks him out cold. A deranged looking man, hardly in his thirties with straw-coloured hair steps into the light of the moon. "A smart little girl, aren't you? Eh, Black." "YOU!" Aurelia screams, her wand flies up but her mind draws a complete blank. Barty Crouch Jr. laughs, his pale, freckled face contorting into a frightening sight as his mad laugh rings through the air. "Well, that's no way to greet your dear Uncle Barty, now is it?" "You're not my uncle, you crazy ass bitch!" "Well, if you want to be technical little Aurelia Alice, I'm your honorary uncle." Barty laughs, arms at his side as he casually steps forward. Aurelia shakes her wand at him, letting him know she's armed as her brain scrambles to think of some spell to defend herself. C'mon think! Anything will do! But, he's turned his attention to his father, sneering down at the rambling senior. "Don't hurt him!" Aurelia begs, getting to her feet. Her mind seems to be doused in molasses, part of her mind is just screaming at her to stay out of it, out of danger. But, the other part wants to fight back, the part that seems to be frozen. "Don't hurt him!" Crouch Jr. mocks, pointing his wand at his father, "I waited years to do this — Avada Kedavra!" "No!" Aurelia cries, a bright green light strikes Crouch Sr. and he falls silent and limp and dead and oh, Merlin. Crouch Jr. turns on her and she jumps backwards, stumbling over her lanky, shaky legs. "Stupefy!" He exclaims. The blast knocks her off her feet and she hits the ground, feeling extremely weak. Her head slams against something hard and sharp and she cries out in pain, the blackness that had been taking over her vision dissipates as a throbbing pain takes its' place. "Don't kill me. Don't kill me, pl — please. Please, don't kill me." Aurelia begs weakly, tears burn her eyes and blur her vision even more. Crouch Jr. laughs "Although, Gwen will be so disappointed in me, I'm not going to kill you. I wouldn't be a very good honorary uncle, now would I? Besides, I think you could be useful, you could be a talented and loyal Death-Eater, just like Bella." Aurelia wants to argue that so badly but the words die in her throat before she can even open her mouth. Stay quiet, her brain says, stay alive. He laughs at the fearful expression on her face "No, Gwen's not here. I didn't want a massacre on my hands, if I'd of brought her she would've slaughtered both you and Krum and that would draw too much attention. Well, Krum would've . . . You. Not so much. You're nothing yet. But, you could be. You could be brilliant! Soon . . .Not yet so . . . For now — Obliviate!" And the next thing she knows and remembers is being awakened by Mad-Eye Moody. Her head throbs, what happened? Where's Crouch? Dead. Aurelia blinks, confused by that thought and shakes her head. No, Crouch can't be but, she can't see him anywhere. "I vos attacked! Mr. Crouch or votever his name —" Krum is saying but he's interrupted by somone whom Aurelia assumes is Karkaroff. "Crouch attacked you? Crouch attacked you? The Triwizard judge?!" Aurelia clutches her head, his roaring voice causes her head to throb painfully. She can't remember. This has never happened to her before. She's never not remembered something that's just happened. She remembers Crouch appearing out of nowhere, she remembers Harry going to get Dumbledore because Crouch had been injured, and she remembers that Crouch had said something that had terrified her but she can't remember what. It's just a blank space and it's not right. And then Krum and red and then Moody's waking her up. Her memory is gone . . . Erased. Aurelia gets to her feet just in time to watch Hagrid slam Karkaroff against a tree. Hagrid demands that Karkaroff apologise to to Dumbledore and Dumbledore demands that Hagrid lets him go, he does as told. Dumbledore instructs that Hagrid take Harry up to the castle and again Hagrid does as told. It's only when Hagrid and Harry have vanished from view that Dumbledore rounds on her. "Miss. Black, do you recall anything at all, you were not stunned like Krum, leaving me to believe you have possibly witnessed what has truly taken place here." Aurelia stares dazedly at him for a moment, her head hurts so bad. She touches the back of her head, it's warm and sticky — blood. She pulls her hand back to examine it, there's a lot of it for just a little touch. But, Mae always told her that head wounds bleed a lot heavier than other wounds, it might not be as bad as it feels. "I'm bleeding, sir." She says faintly, blinking up at Dumbledore, only now realising how tall he is. Dumbledore hardly looks concerned. "Do you remember anything, Miss. Black." Dead. A green light? Aurelia shakes her head "No, sir. . . My head hurts." "Nothing?" Dead. Dead. Dead. Dead. Aurelia screws her eyes shut, he can't be dead because she would've remembered that. You don't just witness a murder then forget it, especially not when you're Aurelia Black. Merlin, her head hurts so bad. "I — I think Crouch was murdered." Aurelia says quietly. "By whom?" "I don't know, sir, I don't even know he was murdered but my brain keeps telling me that he's dead and I think someone erased my memory. Sir, I think I have a concussion." Aurelia says, wincing as she touches her head again. Still, Dumbledore hardly looks concerned as he scans the area: "Who on Earth would want to kill Barty Crouch?" Who wouldn't? Aurelia thinks sarcastically, His imprisoned albeit dead son for — her head gives a painful jolt at this. And, maybe she's being a wee bit dramatic when she says: "Sir, please, I think I'm dying."
"EXACTLY WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU SAYING then, Potter?" Aurelia snarls scathingly, crossing her arms over her chest as she tries to appear intimidating but tears threaten to spill. Harry struggles to find the words, he seems to be regretting confronting her about this. It's probably not the best time, she's possibly witnessed a murder and recovered from a concussion all in the span of a few days. Harry Potter, for once, had went looking for trouble and he really regrets it. "Are you saying that I'm what? Only friends with Neville because my aunt — who I haven't seen since I was a wee babe! — wants me to get close close to him in some horrible plot to hurt the rest of the Longbottom family or what? Do you think I'm only friends with Neville because I pity him? Which one is it? Huh, Potter?!" "I —" "What gives you the bloody right —" Aurelia laughs abruptly, "Now this is the more important question — what gives you the bloody right to jump in and judge me like this when you have never bothered to learn anything about Neville before. You don't care about Neville enough to come here and judge me about this!" "I —" "You don't think I do that enough on my own, Potter? You don't think that I worry that one day Nev — Neville's going to see me how much I look like her and decide he doesn't want to be my friend or — or what if he doesn't want to be my friend at all, what if it's all been a lie what if Neville's only friends with me 'cause he's scared of me?! You don't think I don't hate myself for what she's done, you don't think I blame myself!" Harry frowns, this is a lot more than he bargained for. He hadn't expected Aurelia to lash out like this, as far as he knew her — or thought he knew her — this kind of behaviour wasn't in her nature. The tall twig of a girl had always intimidated her for reasons he could never explain. He considers her to be one of his friends and before this year she had always wore a smile on her face but there had always been something about her that made him uneasy. He doesn't want to think that Aurelia's a bad person but that woman had looked so similar to her that for a moment he had thought that is was Aurelia who had been chained to that chair. And the revelation delivered by Dumbledore that the two of them were related had stirred weird protectiveness over Neville inside of him because it didn't make sense to him as to why Aurelia would be Neville's friend. Something else had to be going on here, Aurelia had to be using him because she's got to be just like that woman. After all, the memory showed that Aurelia was her daughter, she did call the woman 'mama' and in Harry's mind, the apple never falls far from the tree — just look at Dudley. But, Harry does feel bad that he's made her cry, which in all fairness, isn't a hard task to accomplish these days. Still, he feels a pit in his stomach as he stands awkwardly in front of Aurelia. She rambles on about how she's trying not to be like them, her face turning red and her hair turning gold, something Harry knows is not a good thing from Neville who never shuts up about her. "Please, stop crying." Harry says, "I didn't mean it like that." It's a lie but Aurelia doesn't need to know that, anyway, he hadn't meant to offend her this badly. Her eyes narrow "Then how did you mean it, Potter?!" "Well, Dumbledore told me that you saw what I did ("Of course the bloody old bat did!") and that you know what your mum —" "AUNT!" Aurelia yells, gold curls tinging red. Harry gives her his trademark confused look "But, you called her —" "I was a dumb baby! I thought she was but really she's just my aunt." Aurelia says angrily, "My parents gave me to her because they thought I was dying and they didn't want me." "Oh, well, okay —" He doesn't look like he believes her. "She's not my mum!" Harry raises his hands in surrender "Okay, okay!" "If Dumbledore told you I know then why are you asking me if I do?" "Well, I want to, er, know if Neville knows." Harry says, the look on Aurelia's face tells him that's the wrong thing to have said. "Why do you want know, huh, Potter? Do you think that would change anything between Nev and I? Do you think that would stop him from being my friend?!" "No?" "Then why do you want to bloody know?!" "Well, I just wanted to make sure that, well, Neville knew what he was getting into —" "And just what is that supposed to mean?!" Harry pales, feeling like he's digging his own grave "I, well, nothing." When he had learned that Neville is best friends with the daughter — sorry, niece — of the woman who helped torture his parents Harry had the need to make sure Neville was safe with Aurelia. Aurelia flinches, her shoulders slump and the fight seems to leave her "I'm not dangerous." Another trademark confused look is given because he didn't say that, out loud, at least. "I wouldn't hurt, Neville . . . I am not like her . . . I'm not my family . . . You barely know me, you don't know what I am or what I am not capable of, Potter, but since you don't want to bother asking me yourself, I'll let you know now that I am not capable of what my aunt did and I am capable of being good. I can be good. I will be good. I will." Aurelia tells him, voice quivering with emotion. She gives him a determined glare before turning on her heel and gliding down the corridor, Harry can only describe it as, looking as though she's an angry ghost. He doesn't even have time to offer her an apology but, seeing how upset and angry she had been by the accusations he had made, Harry doubts she'd accept it. He also thinks Aurelia kind of blew the whole situation out of the water; he never said she was evil, she had — which is probably a good thing because he almost did and he would've regretted it the moment she started crying. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia Black had loved Neville Longbottom from the moment she had met him. It hadn't always been a romantic kind of love, when little eleven-year-old Aurelia had met Neville for the first time, she knew that in some way they would be soulmates, from just one shy smile that he would be very important to her. She believes in soulmates, not just romantic ones but platonic ones as well and she likes to be that her and Neville are soulmates. She doesn't care what kind of soulmates they are just as long as they're in each other's lives for a very long time. Although her parents hadn't been very loving towards her, they had been very loving towards each other, leaving Aurelia to be a hopeless romantic, (and to this day, Draco may deny this fact, he's just as much of a hopeless romantic as she is) her parents had the most loving relationship despite the fact it had been arranged. Aurelia always wanted what they had, she just wanted someone to love her wholly. More than anything, she wants to be with Neville Longbottom, she wants to hold his hand, to kiss his cute, chubby cheeks, and kiss his plump, soft-looking lips but like, as his girlfriend. It scares her although, weirdly enough, as much as she wants Neville to be her boyfriend, the idea of that actually happening causes her heart to race in both a good and bad way — what if she isn't enough for him, what if he realises he doesn't like her anymore, and then it ruins everything. Even their friendship. It's likely to happen because she's never enough for anyone. Harry doesn't think you're enough for him, what if he's right? What if you're not even enough to be Neville's friend? What if you don't deserve to hold Neville's hand, to be hugged by him, to be anything to him? What if you're just like her? Aurelia shudders as these horrible thoughts cloud her brain. She wishes they wouldn't, their friendship is so strong, so certain, so pure and it hurts her heart to question it. She just wants to be completely confident in what they have again but, the last year had made it hard for her not to. Then, Harry came and delivered the final blow to her confidence. She had often questioned the irony of her friendship with Neville but before this year, she'd never really dwell on those thoughts. Aurelia would either dismiss them or Neville would do something that would make her realise her those thoughts were wrong. They never plagued her for long. However, this year it had been different. These worries seemed to plague her every waking moment, so much so that it was getting harder and harder to dismiss. "I don't deserve you!" Aurelia declares bursting into the greenhouse where Neville is tending to some plants. Neville tells her that's not true, moving some plants out the way to make room for her to sit. Aurelia sits up on the table, as she normally does when Neville's in the greenhouse after class but lately she hasn't spent much time with him so he's surprised to see her tonight. "How's your head?" Neville asks before she can start her rant. "It's fine. BUT! That's not why I'm here, I'm here to tell you that I don't deserve you and some other things that will make you hate me." Aurelia says, uncharacteristically brashly. "I could never hate you, not — not even the Imperius Curse could make me hate you." Neville vows. Her heart swells, she fiddles with her thumbs and her brash tone softens as she says: "This just might." He knows it won't. "Let's just start this off by saying, I was a dumb, stupid baby — well, I still am a dumb stupid baby, I just have a better judge of character now." Aurelia takes a deep breath, "I only learned about this from Lyra a few months ago and, well, you see . . . I almost died when I was born, my parents didn't want me because of that and well, I was girl. So, they gave me to a House-Elf, expecting me to die during the night, I suppose . . . But, B — Bellatrix called upon it for Merlin knows what and it panicked and brought me along. I suppose, she healed me too, y'know, helped me survive the night . . . After that, well, Bellatrix never gave me back to my parents and . . . Well, this bloody part, I've known since I was a wee thing and please don't hate me for this —" Neville gently squeezes her hands "I won't hate you." "I was a baby and I didn't know any better. Merlin, I'd of clung to a warm blanket and slapped the label 'mama' on it if my parents had let me. For the longest time, I thought that Bellatrix was my mum. Then I went though a phase when I was three where I started calling her her 'mama' again because I went and convinced myself that she loved me more than my actual mother. In my wee toddler brain that meant that Bellatrix was my real mum, like I said I was a dumb and very confused wee thing. And I am so so sorry for —" "Why are you apologising?" "Because it's a horrible thing —" "No, it's not." Aurelia gives him a confused look and Neville absentmindedly tucks a strand of gold hair behind her ear as he thinks of a way to explain himself. "It's not a horrible thing, Ari . . . I mean, she couldn't have been always evil, she had to care about someone at some point." Neville frowns, their foreheads are touching now, he struggles to find the right words to explain himself. He knows that what he's about to say doesn't make much sense but he knows if anyone's going to understand, it'd be Aurelia. "I — Bellatrix Lestrange is a horrible and wretched woman but she couldn't have horrible the whole life at — at least I hope she wasn't. It — It's terrifying to think that someone could be born evil, it's terrifying to think of her as this killing machine with no feelings . . . That's how Lyra describes her, Gran never speaks about her or any of them, but Lyra only ever talks about these horrible things she done, she's never once said a good thing about her and that — that's her older sister." He sniffles "It's not like I want to hear that she's a saint or that I think that because she's done good things that she's a good person, nothing would ever make up for what she's done but when I hear from you or Ellie that she was nice to you, it makes her less scary in my mind and — and that's all I want . . . I don't want to be terrified of her because she's locked in Azkaban, I've got nothing to be scared of because she can't hurt me but Lyra's makes her to be this huge threat that I need to be scared out of my skin of and I — I don't want that. So, it's good to hear that she cared about someone other than You-Know-Who." "I never said she was a good person!" Aurelia says quickly, golden eyes going wide. "I know you didn't but you make her less scary to me." Neville says softly, "You're the only one I can talk to about this, the only one I feel comfortable with . . . You understand better than most because she didn't just destroy my life but yours as well . . . Besides, it's not like you're actually her . . . Biological? . . . Daughter, you turned out just fine and so did Ellie." "I still feel bad." Aurelia mumbles, fiddling with the hem of her skirt now. "You shouldn't . . . She's your family, if anyone has a right to like her, it's you. I — I don't think it matters what you think about her as long as you can say that what she did was wrong and horrible and you — you do. I mean, you still love your parents even though you hate what they do? I think the situations are no different." "I —" Aurelia says but Neville cuts her off, seeing the fight in her eyes, she's got an argument on the tip of the tongue but he's not going to hear it. "Ari, you're my best friend, nothing's going to change that. This doesn't change how I see you nor does it change how I see you." Neville says firmly. His nose brushes against hers and Aurelia realises two things, one being that she feels much lighter having confessed this and the other being that they're really close. Closer than usual. Her cheeks burn and palms grow sweaty, he could kiss her, her heart races, she could kiss him. He did say he likes-likes you so that must mean he's thought about kissing you at least once so it's not like he'd be against a little kiss now. But, it doesn't mean he's thinking about kissing you right now. Their closeness doesn't mean anything out of the usual, Neville probably doens't realise that he's closer than normal. It's always been hard to tell as they've both been very affectionate since, well, forever. There isn't a day that goes by that they don't hold hands or hug; Neville does most of the hugging as Aurelia believes she doesn't give good hugs. But, the point is, they've always been extremely close so this doesn't quite mean anything. They both pull away, and just in time too, Professor Sprout enters the greenhouse. However, she must notice some tension between them as she gives them a teasing look. "Am I interrupting something?" "Erm, no?" Neville says, blushing. "We were just practicing!" Aurelia says quickly. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days?" Sprout asks lightly. "No, I mean, for the — the third task!" Sprout grins at Aurelia "Well, don't mind me. I'm just here to fertilise the Bubotubers." Neville goes back to repotting the plants and Aurelia tries her best to help him but she's not really good with that aspect of Herbology. Flustered, Neville in a low whisper says: That colour looks good on you — that red." Aurelia's eyes widen, realising he means her lipstick. He was thinking about kisssing you! Bloody hell! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Time seems to move quickly for Aurelia and before she knows it, she's sitting at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third task. Her head throbs, her stress levels are probably too high to be normal, there's not a thing she's looking forward to — except maybe seeing Mae and Remus again. Aurelia will be so thrilled when this tournament is done, she'll be even more thrilled to she her parents — oh. She shakes her head, she's picked up the habit of referring to Mae and Remus as her parents since the last Hogsmeade trip. Beside her sits Neville, he's trying to get her to eat something but she's not in the mood to eat, her stomach hurts too much. He eventually realises that she's not going to eat so he offers to help her practice and she's about to take him up on that offer when Professor Sprout approaches her, requesting that Aurelia follow her. Aurelia gives Neville a quick kiss on the cheek before following after Sprout, who leads her into a side chamber where it seems that champions' families have been gathered. Seeing Mae is like a rush of relief and energy all mixed into one, Aurelia runs straight into her arm and Mae squeezes her so tight. "Wee moon." Mae says lovingly, running her fingers through Aurelia's hair which had turned red to match Mae's. "Mum — er, Mae!" Mae holds her tighter at that. Standing behind Mae is Remus "Hello, Rory." Aurelia smiles shyly "Wotcher, Remus." "Merlin's beard, are you ever starting to sound like Nymphadora!" Andromeda's voice pipes in. Aurelia's eyes light up as she spots her aunt and uncle walking towards her "You guys came too!" "Of course, love! We wouldn't dare miss it, Nymphadora would've loved to be here but she had to work, she said she didn't want to miss you winning the Triwizard Tournament for anything but duty called." Andromeda says, hugging Aurelia. "I'm not going to win." Ted ruffles her hair, smiling fondly "Keep your chin up, Lia, you're tied in first place with Harry Potter, you stand a bloody good chance of winning." Aurelia doesn't care about winning but she's grown more fond of the idea as the tournament comes to an end. She'd be more motivated to win if she bloody knew who put her name in the damned cup, to see their face when she comes out of that labyrinth victorious is the only thing she wants. But, she still hasn't a clue who put her in this mess. So, her goal at the moment is to bloody survive. As she pulls herself free from her aunt's grasp, there's a light tap on her shoulder. It's Fleur who's asking if she can introduce Aurelia to her family, Aurelia's fine with that and Fleur begins to gushes about how great Aurelia's been to her in French to her parents. Then, Aurelia introduces Fleur to her family. Fleur's gaze rests upon Mae as she asks in french: ❝Your mother, is she by chance related to the fanged-earring man over there?❞ At this, Fleur smiles shyly and Aurelia can't recall ever seeing the blonde do something shyly before. ❝Aye, technically she's his aunt.❞ ❝So, you're cousins with him?❞ ❝No, neither Mae and I are related to him by blood. I'm not even related to Mae by blood . . . If anything, he's like my older brother. Why? Do you, perhaps, fancy him?❞ Aurelia smiles teasingly while Fleur blushes. ❝His name's Bill Weasley, he's a Curse-Breaker.❞ Smiling shyly again, Fleur glances at Bill ❝He is, how you would say, very pretty.❞ ❝I suppose.❞ ❝You wouldn't know, you're too busy eyeing Neville.❞ ❝Fuck yeah, I am.❞ Aurelia doesn't deny this because it's said in French and it's been whispered to only Fleur. Fleur rolls her eyes, kissing Aurelia's cheeks as she and her family head out of the hall. Viktor comes by with his family, he says a few things in his native tongue to his parents. Whatever he says, it's good because he parents give her grateful looks before they follow their son out of the hall. Smiling brightly, Mae says: "I see ye have made yerself a lot of friends this year." "Aye." "That's great, I'm glad ye have, wee moon. Say, would ye mind givin' me a tour. Ye know, I haven't been here before." Aurelia grins as she links arms with Mae, exclaiming: "O' course!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Despite having a rather enjoyable afternoon, Aurelia finds herself scared stiff by dinner time. She's not ready for this, it's all so overwhelming. Finding it too hard to breath, Aurelia slips out of the Great Hall when she thinks no one's paying attention. Aurelia leans against the wall in the side chamber, taking a deep, shuddery breath. It'll all be over soon, she tells herself. That does nothing to soothe her nerves because she knows no matter what happens, whether this tournament ends well or in flames, she'll never be the same again. Her body shakes and tears blur her vision. "Ari?" Neville questions, slipping into the chamber. "Ye — yeah?" Aurelia chokes out, wiping tears from her eyes. "Wh —" He stops himself, he knows what's wrong, "Er, they've got chocolate cheesecake at my table —" "M'not hungry." Neville stands beside, grabbing her hand. "I'm scared, Neville." Aurelia says, head throbbing as she thinks of all the things that could go wrong. "I am too." He admits, "But, you're strong and smart and you — you're going to survive. You could even win if you want — wanted to." Aurelia breathes heavily, her mouth runs dry "I — I —" "Breathe." Neville says softly, giving her shaking hand a gentle squeeze. Aurelia doesn't think she can, he traces some pattern on her palm. "You've learned how to stun, freeze, and disarm. You — you've thought of a plan and you've been practicing almost every day for months. It's very un — unlikely that something will go wrong." "I know but — but, if I — I get too scared I — I'll panic and I — I'll forget and then I — I — I might die." "You won't die!" Neville reassures her but he won't deny that horrifying thought had crossed his mind more than once. "I — I — I could! And, no — no one would care. That's why I'm in this fucking thing in the first place, someone wants me dead!" She grinds her teeth, her breathing gets heavier as her fear mixes with anger. Someone wants her dead and no one cares, they're all so focused on either the tournament or Potter. Neville lifts her chin up with his free hand "Ari, you're not going to die! You'll get through this alive, okay? You can do it, just — just breathe. Breathe." Aurelia begrudgingly inhales and exhales giving Neville a pointed look, he squeezes her hand. "Is there anything I can do to help? Do you want to practice some more spells? We — we've got some time, Ari." She shakes her head, she'd much rather do something calming like throw herself off the Astronomy tower. "Anything at all?" Neville asks. "Kill me." "Anything except that!" "Well, I don't have any other ideas besides that. Do you have any wise ideas, Plant Boy?" Neville opens his mouth to say something but promptly shuts it, turning a violent shade of red. "Never mind." "What, Neville? At this point, I'll take anything." "Any — anything?" "Anything." "Are you sure?" Aurelia nods, please involve putting me out of my fucking misery. "Absolutely positive?" "Yes!" And then, he kisses her. Leans up on his tippy-toes and presses his lips against hers, gently and softly. He pulls away quickly, it's a ghost of a kiss. Neville doesn't want to overwhelm her. Aurelia's shocked, it's not what she had expected but, she certainly doesn't hate it. "That works!" Aurelia says breathless and quietly. She wants nothing more than for Neville to kiss her again, this time, however, she wants to be able to process it, enjoy it even. "D — does it?" "I — I think . . . Maybe, you — you could try it again?" Neville doesn't need to be told twice, leaning up to kiss her again. This kiss lasts longer. His one hand moves up to cradle her scarred cheek, his other hand squeezes her own hand. Neville's lips are soft and they have the faintest taste of orange and mint. They both pull away, breathless. Neville smiles goofily, his cheeks are so red it looks as though someone's gone and blotched his cheeks with red paint. Aurelia's sure that she looks no different, she probably looks worse, she's considerably paler than Neville so when she blushes it's more noticeable. Aurelia swallows thickly, she feels a bit confused, fear and happiness mix together. She should be concerned about her the third task and everything that could go bloody wrong and in some ways she is but her brain's trying to process the fact that Neville fucking Longbottom just fucking kissed her! Kissed! Her! "Ari?" "Huh?" "Are you alright?" She nods slowly "Yeah, I am . . . For now." She enjoyed the kiss, it felt right and there's definitely butterflies in her stomach but she's also not even an hour away from possibly being killed in a dangerous tournament. "Did — did you not like the kiss? Oh, may — maybe I shouldn't have kissed you — no, oh, I'm so — so — sorry, I —" "No, it's not that! I did say you could do anything, I just — well, that wasn't the first thing I was expecting you to do. It was nice." "It was?" "Aye. Very." "Are you —" "I'm quite sure, Plant Boy. I just — so much is going on and I'm not sure how to react to anything but I did like it. I liked it very much. Very much so, that I wouldn't mind it, maybe, possibly, well, I — I don't know, maybe, perhaps, happening again in the future. I mean, that is, if you — you're okay with it happening in the future, y'know, as well." Aurelia rambles, finger-gunning him. Neville grins, nodding eagerly "Yeah, ye — yeah, I'd like that very much." Aurelia gives him a flustered grin "I l —" Dumbledore's booming voice sounds from the Great Hall, announcing that the third task would be starting soon. Dread slams into her, returning at full force. Any positive emotion is sucked from her. Her mouth runs dry and her breathing quickens. "You — you'll be alright, Ari." Neville says, squeezing her hand and she wishes she could believe him. They hug each other tightly then Aurelia's sneaking back into the Great Hall to gather with the other champions. Mae and Andromeda are cheering loudly for her and from the Slytherin table, Elliot's screaming a chant incoherently for her. This is it. "IFJENNIFERCONNELLYCANDOITTHENSOCANYOU!" Elliot shrieks as she leaves the hall. Bagman leads them down to the Quidditch pitch which has been swallows whole by hedges. Aurelia swallows thickly, I'm not ready, I'm not ready, I'm not ready. She breathes heavily, wiping away tears as Bagman explains something to them, it just goes through one ear and out the other. A numbness takes ahold of her bones, she can't feel the ground beneath her feet, Aurelia wheezes, hating this feeling of floating. Bagman says something about points, something about her being tied in first with Harry, Cedric in third with one less point than them. This meant that Harry and Aurelia would enter the maze first. In her mind, that equalled a recipe for disaster. The two underage and unwilling champions go in to the last task first? Oh no, nothing sounds bad about that bloody idea! "So . . . Oh my whistle, Harry and Aurora!" Bagman says. "It's Aurelia!" The older three champions exclaim, Cedric and Fleur give Bagman cross looks. Cedric gives Aurelia's shoulder a squeeze, wishing her the best of luck and then Bagman blows his whistle. The sharp sound is enough to drag her out of a stupor, she stumbles into the maze after Harry. When she enters the maze, her panic increases tenfold. It's too quiet. There's no roar of the crowd and Aurelia feels positively isolated. As they travel down the pathway, Harry occasionally looks over his shoulder at her because she's sniffling loudly. He looks like he's going to say something every time he turns but he never does. Harry hadn't spoken to her since that little spat they had. Eventually they reach a fork in the path, they glance at each other then Harry goes left and Aurelia takes the right. Everything becomes a blur, she walks and walks, going left and going right. She just needs to find the Triwizard Cup. It must be a portkey, it'd be much easier than having the winner walking all the way out of the maze after finding it. Aurelia hopes she won't run into any obstacles. Aurelia turns right again — no, this way. The voice is soft, female, and familiar; it brings Aurelia a sense of peace. She looks to her left — yes, that way . . . My moon. She inhales sharply as she recognises the voice. It's her Aunt Bellatrix. Her heart begins to race. Don't you want to win? How the fuck is she hearing her voice? What the fuck is going on? Don't you want to win? Aurelia frowns, is this part of the task? Don't you want to win? It must be part of the task; it makes sense, Aurelia supposes. This voice is certainly testing her which is what these tasks are meant to do. She thinks, tightening her grip on her wand, maybe it's a charm or a spell. The voice must appear different to the other champions and it must only be triggered if they're near the cup. Yes, Aurelia thinks, that could make sense. A charm using the voice of a person a champion hates or distrusts the most to test just how willing they are to win. Don't you want to win? Aurelia turns left, she wants to get out of here. Follow me then, my moon. Follow my voice and you will surely win. Alright, alright, Aurelia thinks, I'll follow you . . . "BLUE!" Aurelia blinks, in front of her eyes, albeit a bit blurry, stands the Triwizard Cup. "What?" She breathes out, her head throbs painfully, how did she get here? Cedric and Harry are yelling at her. "You got here first!" Cedric says, shaking her shoulders but, she doesn't remember getting here. Cedric grins "You won, Blue! Go on, take the cup!" "I —" "Go on take it!" Harry snaps, Aurelia glances at him and he looks like pure shit. His expression is clearly pained as he struggles to stand. "Well, I — well, it is our ticket out of here." Aurelia says groggily, "Let's all take it, we can figure out who won when they ask." They don't seem to hate her idea so they move forward, Cedric helps Harry do so. She wonders exactly what happened to him, whatever it was, it looks bloody painful. "Grab it first, you got here first." Cedric said, both his and Harry's hands are inches away from the cup. Harry looks like he might murder her if she argues so she doesn't. Aurelia grabs ahold of the cup and their hands follow suit. It's over, Aurelia thinks as feeling of relief sweeps over her body and the world starts spinning around her.
SHE WON, AURELIA SUCKS IN A DEEP breath as her body slams into the ground, she won the fucking Triwizard Tournament. Her aim had just been to survive but she had done more than that. Her excitement about winning is short-lived as she realises that there's no cheering. In fact, there's no sound at all. Aurelia looks up, they're not at Hogwarts. Her stomach twists violently, this isn't right. This wasn't supposed to happen. They're in a graveyard. Shit. Cedric helps Aurelia to her feet, asking if she's alright to which she shakes her head, trembling all over "No . . . No this —" This isn't right. She should've known something wasn't right the moment that she heard her aunt's voice. Aurelia had thought that it was part of the task but now she's starting to think it's all part of a trap. This has to be a trap. Something bad is going to happen. Her entire body starts to burn, it feels like flames are licking every part of her, it doesn't hurt but, rather it feels like a fever fighting off an infection. DANGER! "Did anyone say anything about the cup being a portkey?" Cedric asks. "Well, no. But, I reckoned it was especially since all we had to do was find it. It was supposed to bring us back to Hogwarts." Aurelia whispers, eyeing the graveyard before her nervously. "Maybe this is part of the task." Harry says. "I dunno, wands out d'you reckon?" Cedric suggests, sounding very nervous which only makes Aurelia feel worse. Nevertheless, she pulls out her wand as well. She freezes up hearing distant voices and footsteps, through the dark, misty air Aurelia thinks she can see someone approaching. "A Hufflepuff boy, Bell — Bella's daughter, and yes, yes, Potter." A voice whispers fearfully. Her heart starts to race, she swears she recognises that voice from somewhere but where — wait! Someone's watching us! She opens her mouth to alert Cedric and Harry but a second voice whispers — a voice she recognises all too well. "Do 'ou not mean, Bella's bastard?!" Noelle's here? What's she doing here? Somehow, Noelle's presence unnerves her even more. "Ha —" "Someone's coming!" Harry says. Aurelia swallows thickly, thank Merlin, he sees it too! Two figures are approaching them, the one that resembled a female holds a bundle of blankets and for reasons Aurelia cannot explain, she's filled with dread, they're just blankets! And then the blankets move ever so slightly as the two figures come to a stop in front of a gravestone. At the same time, Harry cries out in pain as he falls to his knees. Voldemort! She knows at once that whatever's happening here is about that monster of a man. A fearful cry escapes her lips and then a high, cold voice declares: "Kill the spare!" The female-shaped figure points her wand at Cedric. "NO!" Aurelia screams, throwing herself in front of Cedric — I'm going to die! Good Godric, I'm going to die and Cedric's probably going to be next! Maybe I've given him some time to get away, to get back to the cup — Noelle cries "Avada Kedavra! and it's followed by a whoosh of air and a bright green light and the worst pain imaginable. Aurelia thought it was supposed to be painless but, it's not. It's worse than the werewolf claws, it's worse than the Cruciatus Curse. Aurelia screams and screams, it feels like someone's gone and shoved a burning spear through her ribs and then it spreads all over her body. Her vision turns from sickly green to vibrant purple. The pain, the awful burning intensifies, feeling once more like a fever fighting off an infection and then it stops. She feels so weak, so numb and she falls against Cedric who falls to the ground. She never expected death to be so painful. "You — you hit Bella's child! Ma — Master will not be pleased!" Gwendoline Goyle's voice shrieks "Shut up, rat! She jumped in front of that stupid Hufflepuff! It's not my fault! Besides, she was just a filthy Half-Blood, our lord will get over it. He will forgive me." Suddenly, Aurelia's very aware of her pounding heart. It aches with each beat, she can't be alive. It's impossible, she knows for a fact that the curse hit her this time, she felt it and — Cedric! If she's alive then so is he! Aurelia pulls herself to her knees with great difficulty, everything hurts. Her eyelids are heavy and black spots obscure her vision. Cedric isn't moving at all, his eyes are wide open, mouth open in pure horror. Dead. He's dead. "No!" Aurelia screams out hoarsely in anguish, "Ced! No! No!" He can't be dead, if she's not dead then neither is he. "See! I did kill the spare, the filthy bastard child is fine!" Gwendoline shrieks. "Ced, wake — wake up! C'mon, get up. We've got to get to the cup, we — we —" He doesn't move at all. Someone grabs her by her hair, a meek yelp escapes her lips as she's tugged to her feet. From the corner of her eye, she sees the other figure heading for Harry, they're going to die, they're going to die, they're going to die. Aurelia cries meekly, she can't even fight against her captor. Her entire body aches, it feels so heavy and she just wants to sleep. She whines as she's thrown back on the ground, her head slams into a headstone, she wants to scream but no sound comes out even when she looks up and sees Noelle towering over her. There's a wicked grin on her face "'Ou schouldn't have trusted me zo eazily, girl, you're as veak as your mother." Aurelia shakes her head in disbelief, confused to all hell. Her heart races painfully in her chest, it hurts so much she wishes it would just stop instead; she can't breathe, she can't bloody breathe. Noelle's face changes, it shifts and twists and suddenly Gwendoline Goyle is standing in her place. "Yo — y — you!" Aurelia cries meekly. Her heart gives another painful jolt and her stomach twists violently. Bile rises up in her throat, burning it and she gags. Gwendoline laughs shrilly as she watches Aurelia choke on her own vomit. Aurelia turns her head with all her strength and coughs it up. Gwendoline moves closer and Aurelia snarls "Get — get a — away fr — from me!" Gwendoline makes a weird purring sound as she lightly kicks Aurelia "Though you may be as weak as Bella, I will admit, you are so much more fun to play with . . . Less compliant." she licks her lips hungrily, "You put up more of a fight, a pathetic one but, a fight nonetheless. And, I do love it when they put up a fight. You'd be the perfect replacement for Bella, pity you're a filthy Half-Blood!" "I — I am no — noth — nothing l — like th — that craze — crazy b — b — bitch!" Aurelia chokes out. Gwendoline giggles "Now, that's no way to speak about your mummy." Aurelia looks at her, confused. Laughing, Gwendoline places her hands on her hips "And, Barty said you were smart!" "Bar — bar — Barty?" "Baby Barty Jr.! Ha, you've met him but, I must say it wasn't a very pleasant experience for you, Wolfie!" "W — w — what?" Gwendoline rolls her eyes "You somehow figured out that Barty was still alive and loose but, you can't figure out the most important thing about yourself?" "I — what?" Gwendoline huffs, her hair turns a dark red — she's a Metamorphmagus! Aurelia's eyes widen, she had thought maybe it had been Polyjuice Potion but she's a Metamorphmagus just like me! "Your real mummy, you dumb mutt!" Aurelia inhales sharply then chokes on it "N - no you — you can't b — b — be, you —" Gwendoline kicks her roughly, square in the ribs, earning a weak scream from Aurelia. Her face twists in anger but, she doesn't deny it. Unbeknownst to Aurelia, Gwendoline contemplates whether or not, she should go along with that just to see how badly it messes Aurelia up. After all, Gwendoline had almost been Aurelia's mother but, Bellatrix had stolen her thunder. "I am not your mother, you filthy mutt! How dare you even think you're worthy enough to be my child!" Gwendoline shrieks, kicking Aurelia again but, harder this time and Aurelia struggles to breathe. Her head hurts, she feels sick to her stomach, and she's so confused — Barty Crouch Jr. and Bellatrix, why is she talking about them? Had they escaped? It could be possible, she did hear Bellatrix's voice earlier but, she had thought it was part of the task but it was a trap. Her aunt had lured her to her death and somehow Barty is involved, he didn't die. Where is Bellatrix, she hasn't seen or heard the woman since arriving at the — Aurelia's mind goes completely blank as Gwendoline kicks her again and Aurelia swears she feels and hears something crack. Suddenly, it's much more painful to breathe. "Don't you get it, Wolfie? Or do I have to spell it out for you?!" Aurelia wheezes, she tries to move away from Gwendoline but she's much too slow and Gwendoline's heavy boot slams down on her chest. Something shifts that Aurelia knows shouldn't have and she howls in pain. "I am not your mother and neither is Narcissa!" Gwendoline laughs shrilly, "Got any guesses, Wolfie?! "N — n — no!" Aurelia pants, shaking her head in disbelief. "Gwen." A cold voice calls out. Gwendoline instantly turns away from Aurelia, standing straight as she addresses the voice: "My lord." Aurelia freezes, her blood runs cold and she thinks she might be sick again. Voldemort's back. She can see him, he's a bit obscured by both her blurry vision and Gwendoline. "I thought my instructions were clear, Gwen, you were not to harm Bella's child." "My lord, she's a Blood-Traitor!" "I am aware, Gwen." Oh, Merlin! I'm going to die! "Then you should kill her!" Voldemort sneers at Gwendoline "At this moment, I will not be killing her. Blood Traitor or not. She's still young, she can be taught . . . Barty has told me that she could be useful, he's mentioned that she's almost as talented as Bella . . . Just as loyal as Bella and I need loyal followers. For now, she shall be Bella's reward for her loyalty to me." "But, my — my lord! Her filthy mutt won't serve you!" Gwendoline says indignantly, clearly determined to kill Aurelia. "She is too young to serve me now. But, I know one day she will and she will be as powerful and as loyal as Bella, she will serve me well. She won't be a traitor for long, Bella will teach her and only Bella." His gleaming red eyes land on her — Merlin, I'm going to die! "Stand." He commands. Her body goes numb and she's on her feet within seconds, it doesn't hurt at all and Aurelia wonders if he's controlling her but his wand's not pointed at her and Gwendoline looks beyond surprised that Aurelia had managed to stand. Voldemort grabs her face roughly as he examines her every feature "Pity, you look more like your Half-Breed father —" "Don't touch her!" Harry yells, from halfway across the graveyard. Voldemort seems to remember something, he turns to Gwendoline, hissing: "Your arm, Gwen." Gwendoline holds out her arm without hesitation, Voldemort presses his finger against her faded Dark-Mark, turning it pitch black. "It is back, they will all have noticed it . . . And now, we shall see . . . Now we shall know . . . How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it? And, how many will be foolish enough to stay away?" Aurelia sobs, more black spots dance across her vision, she wonders just how the fuck is she even standing this straight without feeling any pain. It's impossible but, if you fall, you'll surely die. Her head is swimming, the graveyard spins around her and Aurelia thinks she should be unconscious by now, maybe even dead. How many times did Gwendoline kick you? Merlin, I wish I was dead! "A weepy little mutt, isn't she?" Gwendoline questions, looking at Voldemort with wide, starry eyes, "She's too weak to be one of us!" Voldemort sneers at Gwendoline then at Aurelia "Yes, Barty did say she was a bit emotional but nothing Bella won't be able to fix when the time comes. I must reward Bella for her faithful service and she is the only way." Aurelia's head feels like it's on a rollercoaster that's headed for the ground at full speed but her body remains standing straight — I think Bellatrix is actually my mum! — she wants to scream, and cry, and lay down but her body won't let her. She keeps standing straight and practically stoic, except for a few sobs here and there. Her cries are getting on Voldemort's nerves and before she's able to realise that, his cold, pale hand has slammed into her face — he's bloody bitch-slapped her! It knocks her to her feet — he's done with you, her brain tells her — the blow had been so hard Aurelia's certain it's going to bruise — he's done with you and the pain in her limbs and especially her chest return at full force. "Keep her quiet." Voldemort tells Gwendoline, turning to face Harry. Voldemort starts to give Harry what Aurelia thinks is his family history lesson but she's not too sure because she's distracted by Gwendoline, who points her wand at her "Silencio!" Gwendoline pins Aurelia to the ground, sitting on top of her "Now for me to have some real fun now that no one can hear you scream. Don't worry, I won't kill you! You're lucky, master said that I'm not allowed to! — Diffindo!" Aurelia's blouse is sliced open, Gwendoline aggressively pulls at the fabric, exposing Aurelia's bare chest and stomach to the cold air, she tries her best to fight against Gwendoline but she's much too heavy and Aurelia's much too weak. Calloused hands run down Aurelia's bare chest, Gwendoline huffs "Bellatrix was much better." "Don't touch me! Don't touch me! Get off me! Get off me!" Aurelia yells but, no sound escapes. "Oh, Wolfie, I'm not gonna do that, I'm just getting started!" Gwendoline laughs, pointing her wand at Aurelia, "Flag —" "How long have you been posing as Noelle?!" Aurelia exclaims, desperate to distract the Death-Eater. Of course, no sound comes out but, Noelle seems to be able to read her lips just fine, her eyes light up and her grin widens. "Since before I met you at the World Cup! It's a shame the Müillers had to die, they were pureblood but I certainly wasn't going to spend the year posing as some half-blood! How they begged for the lives! If you would've spent more time around Krum you would've learned that Noelle Edwyn Godwin doesn't exist, you would've learned that little Mila? Marie Muiller had been acting quite off since the start of the term but ch'you didn't! You were too busy moping and weeping around like a pathetic little mutt to figure out that I gave you a fake name, that no one in Durmstrang really trusted me anymore or that slippery Karkaroff was petrified of me. Barty was a little nervous — the little bitch was quick to change his views about you after that Imperious lesson — that you'd figure it out, that a measly little anagram of my name was too easy for your filthy-blooded self but ch'you didn't!" "Actually, you're missing — " Gwendoline digs her knees into Aurelia's ribs, there's a louder crack this time and a weird, painful feeling spreads through her chest. Aurelia screams silently as Gwendoline carries on with her story. "As soon as my master told me I needed to get into Hogwarts, I knew exactly what to do, while Barty had his disgusting Polyjuice method I had my Metamorphmagus abilities, it took me awhile to find the perfect person to take over. I'm a bit picky, you see . . . But, besides that, it was so easy, I'm so good at what I do. I bet you twenty galleons that Dumbledore doesn't even know about my little gift! Anyway!" She pokes Aurelia's nose with something sharp, Aurelia's vision is too blurry to see exactly what it is, "I was posing as Noelle at the Quidditch World Cup when I was lucky enough to run into you and I got even luckier when I realised you turned out to be dyke just like your precious mumsie!" Something hot and sharp presses against Aurelia's stomach "No!" It digs into her, breaking her skin. It burns so badly; Aurelia screams and screams while Gwendoline laughs. "It was me who put your name into the goblet — Barty wasn't too fond of this idea, he thought master would be mad but, Barty doesn't like to have any fun! You even watched me do it! You thought it was Noelle putting her own name in there. I've been Noelle this whole time and I must say, Wolfie, you're a prude! Not even one kiss! I bet ch'you were done on your knees for Longbottom the whole time!" It feels like Gwendoline's carving something into Aurelia's stomach, whatever she's using Aurelia swears she can feel it scraping against her hip bone. Her stomach twists and bile rises up her throat again, her eyelids are getting heavier and harder to open — I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I'm going to die! I don't want — There's a bright flash of purple and Gwendoline screams. Aurelia's eyes shoot open at the sound of her pained screaming, there's a melting dagger in her hands which have burnt to a crisp, they were bloody and blistering. She blames Aurelia immediately even though there's no possible way Aurelia could've done it, she's wandless and she's got no idea what kind of spell would do that. Gwendoline aims her foot at Aurelia's head — this is it, I'm done for — but, a huddled figure stands over her. "Ma — masters will not like it if you hurt her anymore!" The figure squeaks. She glares at the figure who flinches, stammering: "I — I — I'm only try — trying to help you, Gwen." "Or are you trying to help the mutt, Wormtail?! Gwendoline snarls, "Merlin knows it wouldn't be the first mutt you've helped." Wormtail? . . . Oh, Peter Pettigrew . . . Aurelia's brain starts swimming again, he's here too . . . Remus' old friend . . . I want Remus . . . I want Mae . . . "Master will be angry if you hurt her too — too badly." Wormtail whimpers. Gwendoline, surprisingly and thankfully, back down. She rushes over to a circle of cloaked figures — Death-Eaters! Her blood runs cold and her heart races but she wishes it wouldn't because it's very painful. "The Lestranges should stand here . . ." Voldemort is saying, his voice sounds far way. Aurelia closes her eyes for what only feels like seconds when she's jolted awake by someone grabbing her. A silent scream falls from her lips, weakly thrashing about as Wormtail drags her over to — no! Tears blur her vision, burning her eyes as she's dragged towards Cedric's still body. "No, no, no!" Wormtail drops her body over Cedric's and scurries away, Aurelia reaches out with all her strength and grabs her wand which is just inches from his body. Just in case Gwen comes back. Aurelia clings to Cedric's dead body, sobbing silent apologises. She couldn't save him, she tried, she tried, she tried . . . Aurelia closes her eyes, they're too heavy to keep open. Every now and then a scream will jolt her awake but she's too weak to lift her head to see where it's coming from so she let's herself slip back into darkness. Then Voldemort's shrieking: "I will kill him! He is mine!" Someone's body slams into hers and then Harry shouts: "Accio!" There's a weird feeling in her head and she knows that they're safe, Harry's got the portkey. They're safe, Aurelia thinks as she closes her eyes. Her body slams into the ground and she squeezes her eyes tighter, Harry's grip on her tightens and her grip on Cedric tightens. She's alive but, he's not. It's not fair, it should've been her! "Harry! Harry!" Dumbledore's shouting, the crowd is going crazy, people are screaming. They know something's wrong. She can hear Mae shouting too, people are crowding around them, she can tell by the noise they're making; her head throbs. Someone yells into the night: "Diggory's dead! Black's dead too!" Aurelia would've told them she wasn't if she could speak, she can't move because of Harry. Neville's cry pierces the air, she hears her other friends screaming as well. "Harry, you can't help them now. It's over. Let go." Dumbledore says. "He wanted me to bring him back . . . He wanted me to bring him back to his parents." Harry mutters. Dumbledore pulls Harry off of Aurelia, softly muttering: "That's right, Harry . . . Just let go now." "He'll need to go to the hospital wing!" Fudge says loudly, "He's ill, he's injured — Dumbledore, Diggory's and Black's parents, they're here, they're in the stands!" "I'll take Harry, Dumbledore, I'll take him —" Moody says, he sounds a bit odd — only a little bit different than normal. Aurelia's blood runs cold, he's Barty Jr. She's not sure how she managed to make the connection and she's probably wrong but he's got to be Barty. Gwendoline mentioned that he used Polyjuice potion and that he was here at Hogwarts but she never said who. Moody was new, Moody . . . If she recalls correctly, Moody had been attacked before the start of the school year, meaning it's plausible that — Neville is screaming. "No, I would prefer —" Dumbledore begins to say but he's interrupted. "Dumbledore, Amos Diggory's running . . . he's coming over, Longbottom, and Lupin too . . . Don't you think you should tell them — before they see . . ?" "Ari! Ar — Ari! What's wrong? Why is — isn't she moving? Ari — let me go! I sa — let me go, I wanna see her!" Neville screams, he sounds like he's crying. Aurelia pulls herself up, the effort makes her dizzy. Everything going on around her is making her dizzy, she's so confused Fudge and a few others gasp in horror, Aurelia looks around. Amos is running forward, Neville is being held back by Remus, and Mae is pulling her into her arms. From the corner of her eye, she sees Moody dragging Harry away, they're almost out of sight. He's got to be Barty! She's got to warn someone but she's can't speak, Harry's in danger — danger? Yes, Harry's in danger! Aurelia's got to save him — there's a weird pressure in her throat and that feverish burning coats it and when she opens it all that comes out is a loud, pained scream. Aurelia crumples against Mae's body "He's back! Vol — Voldemort's back! Bar — Barty Crouch Jr is here, he's alive! He's been here this whole ti — time! Goyle — Gwen — Gwendoline Goyle too! And Bellatrix — I heard her voice, they're all here and ha — Harry is in dang — danger!" Aurelia rambles incoherently, she can't even understand what she's trying to say and no one else understands her either, they stare at her, confused and concerned. "She's hit her head!" "She's gone mad!" "Someone sedate her!" A wand presses against her forehead and everything fades away. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ When Aurelia wakes up, she thinks that it's all been a dream until she sees a blurry Dumbledore standing before her. Her head is still spinning and her body aches, it's not a dream, tears burn her eyes as she struggles not to cry. "Here, wee moon," Mae says softly, leaning in front of Aurelia with a potion in her hands, "Drink this, it'll make you feel a wee bit better." Mae pours the peppery-tasting potion down her throat and everything becomes much clearer to Aurelia. "I — I tried to s — save h — h — him." Aurelia whimpers as Mae wipes excess potion from her chin. Aurelia's eyes widen as she remembers Harry "Harry! Wh — where's Harry, Moo — Moody —" Dumbledore raises a hand to silence her, she lowers her voice, rambling on about Barty Jr., Gwendoline, and Bellatrix. "Relax, Aurelia, take a deep breath. Harry is as safe as can be, regarding the circumstances. In fact, he's sitting right beside you. It seems that Barty Crouch Jr. has been disguised as Alastor Moody all year under Polyjuice Potion. I'm curious, Aurelia, as to how you came to learn this information? Do you remember alerting us of this before Fudge sedated you?" Aurelia nods, breathing shallowly as she glances at Harry, who's pale-faced and petting Fawkes. "Goyle — Gwen — Gwendoline Goyle told me. She was there at — at the graveyard. She's been at hog — Hogwarts all year." Aurelia cries, "She was posing as a Durmstrang student, no — Noelle!" "There was no one on the Durmstrang list with that name —" "No, it — it was a fake na — name! She gave me a fake name, she — I'm so dumb! I feel so violated! I was date — dating Noelle and — and the whole time she was a bloody grown ass woman!" "She used Polyjuice potion then?" "No — no . . . She was — she's a Metamorphmagus . . . Like me." Dumbledore looks genuinely surprised, muttering something under his breath. Then he looks back up "It seems Bellatrix wasn't lying . . . There was speculation from her but there was never any proof. Gwendoline must be skilled with her Metamorphmagus abilities, in all her years at Hogwarts I never once witnessed them. It must be how she's managed to evade the Ministry all these years —" "Yeah, no shit." Aurelia mutters irritably, "Whoever she took the form of, they're dead. Their whole family is dead. Goyle said . . . She said, Müiller . . . I think . . . I — I —" Aurelia starts to cry, her body aches, an innocent family had been slaughter, Gwendoline had been using her all year, and Cedric's dead. Dumbledore asks them to explain what happened in the graveyard and both Mae and Sirius aggressively protest against it, insisting that Harry and Aurelia should rest first. "If I thought I could help them, by putting them into an enchanted sleep and allowing them to postpone the moment when they would have to think about what has happened tonight, I would do it. But I know better. Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you, Harry. I ask you to demonstrate your courage one more time. I ask you to tell us what happened." Harry begins the story of what had taken place, he doesn't get very far. When he says that Aurelia had jumped in front of the Killing Curse to save Cedric, Mae lets out an anguished cry. Not: "What were you thinking?!" But, rather: "I knew it!" "It didn't miss me." Aurelia says numbly, "It — It hit me . . . I felt it, mer — Merlin, it was horrible." She breathes shallowly, praying that someone would disagree with her but no one does. Harry and Sirius stare at her, shocked, horrified, and a tiny bit of in-disbelief. Mae sobs quietly, running her fingers through Aurelia's gold hair. Dumbledore gives her this stare that has shivers running down her spine — stop looking at me like that! — he tuns to Mae, asking: "Is she a Donum Vitae?" Begrudgingly, Mae nods, glaring at Dumbledore as she replies: "Aye, she is." Aurelia remembers that Voldemort had said her father was a Half-Breed, does that mean she's a Half-Breed as well? Disgusting. So, she's a Donum Vitae, whatever that means. She doesn't know what they are but she knows she doesn't like them. She should be a Pureblood. If she had been a Pureblood then her parents — they're not your parents. You heard Voldemort, your mother is Bellatrix Lestrange! Aurelia cries quietly and Dumbledore asks Harry to continue with the story. He does and Aurelia can barely keep up with it, realising they had went through two entirely different situations. Harry says something that has Sirius and yelling in anger and Dumbledore on his feet, asking to see the wound. Harry extends his arm, saying: "He said my blood would make him stronger than if he'd used someone else's. He said the protection my — my mother left in me — he'd have it too. And he was right — he could touch me without hurting himself, he touched my face." Something akin to triumph flashes in Dumbledore's eyes and Aurelia thinks she might've imagined it. She hopes she imagined it but the disgusted look on Mae's face tells Aurelia that she hadn't. "Very well, Voldemort has overcome that particular barrier. Harry, continue, please." Dumbledore says, sitting back at his desk. Harry goes on to explain how Voldemort had emerged from the cauldron, retelling them all that he could remember of Voldemort's speech to the Death Eaters, Aurelia hadn't heard half of that speech just like Harry did not hear half of what Voldemort had said when he had approached her. Then he tells them how Voldemort had untied him, returned his wand to him, and prepared to duel. He pauses for a moment then explains how a golden beam of light had connected his and Voldemort's wands, he paused again, thinking hard and Aurelia could see it. It's a bit blurry and it's coming in and out like T.V static but she could see Cedric emerging, an old man, a woman and his parents, they looked like ghosts to her. Sirius distracts her, asking Dumbledore: "The wands connected? Why?" "Priori Incantatem." "The Reverse Spell effect?" "Exactly, Harry's wand and Voldemort's wand share cores. Each of them contains a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. This phoenix, in fact," Dumbledore says, pointing at the scarlet-and-gold bird, perching peacefully on Harry's knee. "My wand's feather came from Fawkes?" "Yes." Dumbledore tells Harry, "Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought the second wand, the moment you left his shop four years ago." "So what happens when a wand meets its brother?" Mae asks, looking concerned for Harry, almost as concerned as Sirius looked. "They will not work properly against each other. If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to do battle . . . A very rare effect will take place. One of the wands will force the other to regurgitate spells it has performed — in reverse. The most recent first . . . And then those which preceded it. . . . Which means, that some form of Cedric must have reappeared." "Diggory came back to life?" Sirius asks, Aurelia wishes that were true. "No spell can reawaken the dead." Dumbledore says heavily, "All that would have happened is a kind of reverse echo. A shadow of the living Cedric would have emerged from the wand . . . Am I correct, Harry?" "He spoke to me. The . . . The ghost Cedric, or whatever he was, spoke." "An echo, which retained Cedric's appearance and character. I am guessing other such forms appeared . . . Less recent victims of Voldemort's wand." "An old man." Harry answers, "Bertha Jorkins. And . . ." "Your parents?" "Yes." "The last murders the wand performed . . . In reverse order. More would have appeared, of course, had you maintained the connection. Very well, Harry, these echoes, these shadows . . . What did they do?" Harry describes how the figures that had emerged from the wand had prowled the edges of the golden web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear them, how the shadow of Harry's father had told him what to do, how Cedric's had made its final request. Aurelia is sobbing, trying to muffle the sound with her hands. He's dead and you couldn't save him! The curse had just went right through her, the must be something Donum Vitaes can do. Donum Vitae is one of the nicknames Mae had given her and Aurelia had never thought it meant something like that. She knew it meant 'gift of life' but she hadn't realised it was an entire species. Why had she never heard of them before? Are they rare? What else can she do? What is she capable of, if she can survive death? Wait, Voldemort had survived death too? Is he a Donum Vitae? Oh, Merlin! Is he my father? No, he can't be, he would have insulted himself and so would've Gwendoline. Besides, he's known for killing his own children, so I would've been dead before I saw the light of day. It can't be possible . . . But, you heard how he talked about your aunt — your mum! — he's obsessed with her. It's obvious he favours her above all his other Death-Eaters . . . Maybe . . . Just maybe he had decided to have a child with her. Aurelia sinks in her seat, her ribs ache painfully but she doesn't care. What if Voldemort's my father? She breathes shallowly, wishing she had died in that graveyard. It's possible, but it's unlikely. Fawke's fluttering wings rip her from her spiralling thoughts. "I will say it again," Dumbledore says "You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight, Harry. You have shown bravery equal to those who died fighting Voldemort at the height of his powers. You have shouldered a grown wizard's burden and found yourself equal to it — and you have now given us all that we have a right to expect. You will come with me to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to your dormitories tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some peace . . . Sirius, Maeve would you like to stay with them?" It's a question that didn't need to be asked, of course, they wanted to stay. Sirius transforms into a dog, Mae helps Aurelia stand. They head down to the Hospital Wing, Sirius, Harry, and Dumbledore are in the lead while Mae and Aurelia trail behind them. "Mum?" Aurelia says softly, not realising what she had just called Mae. The redhead looks at her, she's pale as a ghost and she's sweating profusely but she manages to give Aurelia a soft smile. "Is . . . Is Bellatrix really my mum?" There's a long pause before Mae finally nods her head: "Aye, she is." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: No matter how many times I rewrite this book, revealing the fact Aurelia's Bellatrix's kid never gets old! It's bit underwhelming because Ari's in shock and she hasn't really had time to process it, plus it's not supposed to be the big plot-twist, pretty much every adult around Ari knows about it but they couldnt tell her (for reasons) so that's why the foreshadowing of that was laid on so thick! Also, I swear to God, I have good reason for why Aurelia survived the Killing Curse, it will be explained soon and it's kinda similar to how Harry survived but only a little bit. As for the Donum Vitae thing, do you think it's a type of Magical Being or do you think it's something else? ALSO BIG QUESTION: who do you think is Aurelia's father? HINT: We've met him before! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! also now that's it's been revealed about Noelle\Gwendoline (something I've had planned since the beginning) I can finally get this off my chest: I aM dIsGuStEd, I aM rEvOlTeD, i Am dEdIcAtInG mY eNtIrE LIfE tO oUr LoRd aNd SaViOuR, JeSuS ChRiSt! It's straight up why I neveR mAde them kiss during their 'relationship' like Gwen\Noelle would've done it,,, just to mess with Aurelia,,, because she's a piece of garbage but I wouldn't allow myself to let that happen!
THE REALISATION FINALLY SETS IN, AURELIA BREATHES in shallowly. She shakes her head as if that would make Mae take it back. "I'm so sorry, wee moon." Mae mutters, "I promise that if I could've told ye, I would've . . . Ye weren't supposed to know 'til yer fifteenth birthday." "Which passed weeks ago!" "We moon, ye weren't born on the same day as Draco, ye haven't turned fifteen yet." "Well, here I — I am know — knowing before that and I — I'm fine." Aurelia snaps, crossing her arms over her chest. It's a bad decision on her part because her chest hurts like a bitch. "Ye weren't supposed to!" Mae stresses, "Who knows what will happen now. She said somethin' bad could happen to ye —" "Well, I just survived death, I do — don't think it can get wor — worse than that." "There's a lot of things that are worse than death." Mae mutters. Aurelia frowns "Well, it's not like I can die. I'm a Donum Vitae —" Mae gives her a sharp look "That's not at all how it works, don't get all cocky on me now. If ye start thinkin' ye can't die . . . Well, now, that'll only lead to trouble." "Well, it's not like I know how this whole Donum Vitae thing works, y'know be — because I've been lied to my whole life and apparently I'm not who I — I thought I was." "Aurelia, oh, my love." Mae mumbles, running her fingers through Aurelia's hair, "I'm so sorry that we had to hide this from ye." Aurelia wheezes, tears fall down her bruised and bloody face. Her chest aches so badly, she's not sure if the pain is physical or emotional at this point. Mae wipes her tears away, sighing softly: "This was kept from ye for a reason and I know ye won't like the reason but, we had to." Aurelia frowns again, looking away from Mae, who continues speaking: "If it wasn't for the threat against yer life that Esrom made, I would've told ye. I promise, wee moon." Esrom? Aurelia thinks, the seer? Esrom Riddle or Trelawney? That Esrom? "Though, I suppose I could've told ye about the Donum Vitae . . . I'm sorry I kept that from you." "What is a Donum Vitae?" "It's complicated. It — I don't know how to explain it right now and I know for bloody sure ye wouldn't be able to understand, yer head. Ye hit it and you've probably got another concussion. We should leave this discussion for now. I'll explain it to ye as soon —" "Tomorrow then" Aurelia whimpers. "Tomorrow." "You promise? Soon as I wake up?" "Aye, my love. Look, we're at the Hospital Wing, I believe . . . Ye'll be patched up in no time." Dumbledore pushes open the door, it's quite crowded; Most of the Weasleys, Hermione, Remus, Neville, and Lyra are hauled up in the Hospital Wing. Lyra sits of to the side, looking bored out of her mind while the others are gathered around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey. They all turn when Dumbledore enters. "Harry! Oh, Harry!" Molly cries, rushing forward to hug him. "Aurelia! Oh, Aurelia!" Aurelia mimics under her breath, sarcastically. Between, Molly's outburst and Dumbledore trying to calm her down, no one has time to stop Neville from running forward. He pulls Aurelia into a literal bone-crushing hug, something in her chest shifts and she clenches her jaw to keep herself from screaming. She clings to him as tightly as he clings to her. It's painful but, she doesn't want to let him go nor does he want to let her go. Aurelia whimpers, realising that he won't want anything to do with her when she tells him that. Aurelia sobs into his neck as Neville mutters "I thought you were dead." over and over again. He squeezes her tighter and she can't help but let out a strained scream. Neville pulls away at once, his eyes widen when he sees the state she's in "Ari, what — what happened?" "He's back." Aurelia whimpers, "Voldemort's back, he came back, and goy — Goyle killed Cedric —" Madam Pomfrey comes rushing over, grabbing Aurelia and guiding her over to a bed. She begins examining the Hufflepuff's wounds as Neville sits on the edge of the bed, trying to process what Aurelia just said. "Please, listen to me for a moment, Harry has been through a horrible ordeal . . ." Dumbledore is saying. Aurelia's not sure if her brain is running too fast for her to hear her name or if Dumbledore just excluded her from this horrible ordeal, she frowns. Madam Pomfrey informs her that her ribs are broken and that she has another concussion, she then excuses herself to gather the proper potions to heal Aurelia. Pomfrey pulls out two vials, glancing at Sirius' Animagus form and questions Dumbledore about it, he tells her that the dog would be staying with Harry for awhile. Someone's hand runs through her hair, Aurelia looks away from Dumbledore to see that Remus is standing beside her. "R — r — Remus?" "I'm here." He says softly, holding out his other hand for her to take, "I recall that Skele-Gro has a particularly nasty taste. I have some chocolate if you want to wash the taste down." Pomfrey hands her a little glass vial of Skele-Gro "Here, this will help mend your broken rib," she hands another one to Aurelia, "And this, should help with your concussion." After drinking the two vials, Pomfrey rushes over to Harry to tend to him, Remus hands her a piece of chocolate to get rid of the nasty taste in her mouth. Neville still sits on the edge of her bed, worrying over her. "What happened?" Neville asks again. "Neville," Mae says softly, "I think it's best ye leave that question for the mornin'. I don't think she'll want to talk about that again, it's best that she gets some rest first." "N — no." Aurelia shakes her head, nibbling on the piece of chocolate, "It's fine . . . I don't m — m — mind." She wants to talk about what happened, what she's learned tonight. She'd rather talk about it than rest, even though some rest would be nice. Aurelia didn't get a chance to explain everything in Dumbledore's office, he had been too focused on Harry. "Neville, I need to tell you some —" Lyra shoves a vial of steaming potion in her face, Aurelia stares at it then stares at Lyra. "It's a Calming Draught." Lyra says dryly, pushing it to her lips. Aurelia goes to tell her that it doesn't look like a Calming Draught but, when she opens her mouth, Lyra tips the potion down her throat. It burns on the way down, feeling as though thousands of tiny glass shards are embedding themselves into her throat. She chokes on it, earning a glare from Lyra. There's a a pressure in her head as Lyra's sly voice invades her mind. Now, you can't tell him. I'd like to see you try though. Aurelia glances down at the vial in Lyra's hand, what have you done? Lyra smiles softly at her, you can't tell him, you can't tell anyone who doesn't already know! It's the only way I know will make sure Neville stops hanging out with you. Aurelia sobs, looking down at her shaking hands "Neville, I —" Her throat burns intensely, tears pour down her face. Neville shakes his head quickly "No, Ari. Miss. Macleod is — is right. You don't have to — to talk about it to — tonight. You should rest first." "O — o — okay." Lyra grins triumphantly, sitting back in her chair. The longer this is kept from him, the more he'll hate you. Get out of my head. The pressure goes away and Aurelia leans back in the bed, Neville holds her hand. She glances at Harry's bedside, the Weasleys, Sirius, and Hermione crowd around it, it seems that Harry had been given a sleeping potion. Dumbledore had since left the Hospital Wing. Aurelia sniffles "Can I have another piece of chocolate, Remus?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It couldn't have been more than an hour, when Aurelia's near peace and quiet is broken by McGonagall who seems to be arguing with Snape. "They'll wake him if they don't shut up!" Molly whispers, glancing at Harry's sleeping form. "What are they shoutin' about? Nothin' else can have happened, can it?" Mae wonders, looking from Molly to Remus, "That's Fudge's voice and that's Minerva McGonagall's, isn't it? But what are they arguin' about?" "Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva —" Fudge is saying, his voice getting louder with each passing second. "You should never have brought it inside the castle! When Dumbledore finds out —" McGonagall yells, the doors bust open and Fudge comes striding up the ward, McGonagall and Snape at his heels. Fudge demands to know where Dumbledore is from a very angry Molly, she tells him that Dumbledore isn't around but, she speaks too soon as Dumbledore comes sweeping into the Hospital Wing, looking quite annoyed. "What is happening?" He demands sharply, "Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I'm surprised at you — I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch —" "There is no need to stand guard over him anymore, Dumbledore! The Minister has seen to that!" "When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight's events," Snape says lowly, "he seemed to feel his personal safety was in question. He insisted on summoning a dementor to accompany him into the castle. He brought it up to the office where Barty Crouch —" "I told him you would not agree, Dumbledore! I told him you would never allow Dementors to set foot inside the castle, but —" Cutting McGonagall off, Fudge roars: "My dear woman! As Minister of Magic, it is my decision whether I wish to bring protection with me when interviewing a possibly dangerous —" Aurelia's on her feet, feeling so angry, she clenches her jaw and fists. She's not sure why she's so angry, maybe it's because she had just wanted a little rest and she got this instead. The room around her spins, she ignores it as she exclaims "You brought Dementors into a school full of actual children? What the fuck, Fudge?!" Aurelia sways on her feet, her hair fluctuating between angry red and sickly green. Mae and Remus try to pull her back in bed. Fudge almost turns on Aurelia but, McGonagall is not quite done with the story, screaming as she continues: "The moment that — that thing entered the room, it swooped down on Crouch and — and —" "No!" Aurelia cries, the Dementor's kiss. They lost a witness, Merlin, no one will believe her and Harry now. "By all accounts, he is no loss!" Aurelia draws herself up to her full height, stumbling forward "He's a witness! He know — knows where Voldemort is hiding!" "You-Know-Who is not hiding, young lady, he is dead!" Fudge exclaims, rounding on her. "He is not dead!" Aurelia screams, "He was never dead! He was just weak! He was just brought back tonight to his full health!" "You're hers aren't you? You're a Black?" Fudge says, his voice significantly calmer, too calm, "Of course, you'd insist that he's back." "He is." Aurelia says, she's shaking in anger but she tries her best to match his tone. Maybe if she keeps her cool, she might get him to listen. He won't believe her completely but, even getting a shadow of a doubt in his mind is good enough. She points at the bruise on her face, the shape of a grown man's handprint "How do you explain that? It's too big to be Harry's. It — It's too big to be Ced — Cedric's." Fudge frowns. "He hit me. He hit me tonight be — because I was crying —" "Miss Black is right, he was a witness. But, he cannot now give testimony, Cornelius. He cannot give evidence about why he killed those people." Dumbledore says. "Why he killed them? Well, that's no mystery, is it?" Fudge goes back to yelling, "He was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing it all on You- Know-Who's instructions!" "Lord Voldemort was giving him instructions, Cornelius, those people's deaths were mere by-products of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again. The plan succeeded. Voldemort has been restored to his body." As though, Aurelia hadn't just said Voldemort's back, Fudge looks at Dumbledore as though someone had just swung a heavy weight into his face. "You-Know-Who . . . Returned? Preposterous. Come now, Dumbledore!" Fudge sputters. "As Minerva and Severus have doubtless told you, we heard Barry Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how Voldemort — learning of his continued existence from Bertha Jorkins — went to free him from his father and used him to capture Harry. The plan worked, I tell you. Crouch has helped Voldemort to return." "It's true," Aurelia cuts in, "Barty wasn't the only one in on the plan. So was my m —" There's a strong burning in her throat that stops her in her track, she reaches up to massage her throat. From across the ward, she sees Lyra smirking. Just what exactly had she done to her? Fudge smiles wide "Now, see here, Dumbledore! You — you can't seri- ously believe that. You-Know-Who — back? Come now, come now . . . certainly, Crouch may have believed himself to be acting upon You-Know-Who's orders — but, to take the word of a lunatic like that, Dumbledore —" "When Voldemort first went away, many truly believed he wasn't gone! I mean come on, a grown ass wizard taken down by a baby, that's impossible! They thought, it couldn't be true. What changed, sure — sure he's been gone a long time b — b — but, maybe that — that's what he wants. Maybe he was injured, maybe he wanted to lure us into a false sense of security before returning." Aurelia says, brushing off Mae and Remus' hands. She stands unsteadily before Fudge, determined to make him listen to see that it's possible he's back. "He's returned, sir." "When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he was transported straight to Voldemort. He witnessed Lord Voldemort's rebirth. I will explain it all to you if you will step up to my office. I am afraid I cannot permit you to question Harry tonight." Dumbledore says. Fudge's glances at Harry then back at Dumbledore, saying: "You are — er — prepared to take Harry's word on this, are you, Dumbledore?" "I will give my word, sir. If Dumbledore won't let you question Potter, you can take mine. I was there too." Aurelia gives Dumbledore a nasty look, "I saw him. I saw Death-Eaters. I can tell you that my mu — fuck! — my aunt, b — Bella — Bellatrix was involved. I heard her voice in that maze. I saw Gwendoline Goyle, she was there. She helped bring Voldemort back." "Gwendoline Goyle, you say? Are you certain, Black?" Fudge asks. Aurelia nods quickly "Yes, I'm sure. She told me that she was at Hogwarts this whole time, watching me. She helped . . . Sabotage the third task." She pauses, she needs to play her cards carefully, Aurelia needs him to listen. Fudge is the ticket to getting people to believe Voldemort is back. He doesn't seem to like the fact that they're saying Voldemort's back. "She was in league with Barty. She was there at the cemetery, waiting for us. Gwendoline was the one who killed Cedric." Aurelia pulls up her blouse, revealing the wound that had been carved into her. She still had yet to actually look at it, in fact, no one had yet to look at it. Fudge pales at the sight, shaking his head "No." "That's her mark." Mae says, pale as a ghost and voice as sharp as a knife, "That's her mark, Fudge, and you know it. How victims did you see with the 'G' back in the day?" Aurelia sobs, is that what's carved into her skin? "Well, so what if Goyle was there, that doesn't mean You-Know-Who is back!" Fudge blusters. "B — but!" Aurelia gasps, "But, it means that there's someone besides Harry and I who believe Voldemort is back! Goyle wasn't the only one, there were others. They believe he's back and that means they'll start wreaking havoc like they used to." Fudge deflates ever so slightly, seemingly taking this possibility into consideration. It's not him believing them about Voldemort and that makes Aurelia unbelievably angry but, it's him thinking that Death-Eaters might come back and that's something. That means they'll keep a look out for suspicious activity. Dumbledore steps in front of Aurelia "Certainly, I believe Harry, I heard Crouch's confession, and I heard Harry's account of what happened after he touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make sense, they explain everything that has happened since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer." Fudge still has a strange smile on his face. Once again, he glances at Harry before answering: "You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of lunatic murderers, and a boy who . . . Well . . ." Fudge shoots Harry another look. "You've been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge?" Harry speaks up. Fudge reddens slightly, looking back at Dumbledore defiantly "And if I have? If I have discovered that you've been keeping certain facts about the boy very quiet? A Parselmouth, eh? And having funny turns all over the place —" "I assume that you are referring to the pains Harry has been experiencing in his scar?" "You admit that he has been having these pains, then? Headaches? Nightmares? Possibly — hallucinations?" "Listen to me, Cornelius, Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar upon his forehead has not addled his brains. I believe it hurts him when Lord Voldemort is close by, or feeling particularly murderous." "You'll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I've never heard of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before." "Look, I saw Voldemort come back! I saw the Death Eaters! I can give you their names! Lucius Malfoy —" Harry shouts. Her father — uncle was there? Aurelia frowns, blood running cold. "Malfoy was cleared! A very old family — donations to excellent causes —" "Macnair!" "Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!" "Avery — Nott — Crabbe — Goyle —" "You are merely repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago!" Fudge yells, "You could have found those names in old reports of the trials! For heaven's sake, Dumbledore — the boy was full of some crackpot story at the end of last year too — his tales are getting taller, and you're still swallowing them — the boy can talk to snakes, Dumbledore, and you still think he's trustworthy?" "Who the fuck cares if he can talk to snakes?! Snake are scary but they've got no arms!" Aurelia cries, angrily wiping away tears, "How does that make Harry untrustworthy? Listen, these Death-Eaters were there, Gwendoline Goyle was there! They think Voldemort's returned too!" Aurelia breathes heavily taking a step closer to Fudge "Okay — okay, let — let's say Harry and I hallucinated seeing Voldemort or — or let's say he's not really back we just think he is, what I'm trying to say, what Harry's trying to say is that there were others in that cemetery — Death-Eaters! And like us, they believe Voldemort is back. That's a problem on its' own. Whether or not Voldemort is really back, the Death-Eaters now believe that he is, they have the confidence to start doing what they use to. People are going to get hurt, they'll start going miss —" "Is that a threat?!" "No! Listen to me, Fudge!" Aurelia screams, "I am trying to give you a plausible explanation for what happened tonight since you want to blatantly refuse that Voldemort's returned. It seems illogical for someone to come back from the 'dead' and it's scary to even think that so — so I'm trying to explain to you in a less scary way that, something bad has happened — something bad is going to happen if you just outright ignore it. If you don't want to believe Voldemort's back then fine — it's not a good decision to make but, perhaps listening to two traumatised and injured teens isn't the best decision for a Minister to make either — but, you should listen when we say, we aren't the only ones who believe Voldemort's back. His Death-Eaters, whether they've been cleared or not, believe he's back as well and they're willing to do whatever they think he's bidding them to do." "You're insane!" Fudge hisses at her. Aurelia's hair turns red and she takes another step forward "I am not insane, I'm telling the truth. Voldemort's back! His Death-Eaters are back! Merlin's beard, at least listen to that part, it's plausible, is it not? That Death-Eater could return? Most of them are still alive, they could return? And they are going to, you need to keep an eye on them!" "You cannot be willing to take her word on this?!" Fudge demands, rounding on Dumbledore. "You fool! Cedric Diggory! Mr. Crouch! These deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!" McGonagall cries. "I see no evidence to the contrary! It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!" "Voldemort has returned," Dumbledore repeats, "If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from the control of the Dementors —" "Preposterous! Remove the Dementors? I'd be kicked out of office for suggesting it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night because we know the Dementors are standing guard at Azkaban!" "The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, Cornelius, knowing that you have put Lord Voldemort's most dangerous supporters in the care of creatures who will join him the instant he asks them! They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them much more scope for their powers and their pleasures than you can! With the Dementors behind him, and his old supporters returned to him, you will be hard-pressed to stop him regaining the sort of power he had thirteen years ago!" Aurelia's reminded once again that her aunt had escaped alongside Barty Jr. — her voice in the maze! Aurelia sits back on the bed, feeling quite numb. Dumbledore and Fudge go back and forth but, Fudge doesn't want to budge. He won't even listen to Aurelia's explanation of Death-Eaters returning which is plausible; something to at least look out for. "If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you as far as this, Cornelius, we have reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you see fit. And I — I shall act as I see fit." "Now, see here, Dumbledore," Fudge says, waving a threatening finger, "I've given you free rein, always. I've had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I've kept quiet. There aren't many who'd have let you hire werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without reference to the Ministry. But if you're going to work against me —" "The only one against whom I intend to work, is Lord Voldemort. If you are against him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side." "He can't be back, Dumbledore, he just can't be." Snape steps forward, shoving his arm — his Dark-Mark, no doubt, into Fudge's face "There. The Dark Mark. It is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when it burned black, but you can still see it. Every Death Eater had the sign burned into him by the Dark Lord. It was a means of distinguishing one another, and his means of summoning us to him. When he touched the Mark of any Death Eater, we were to Disapparate, and Apparate, instantly, at his side. This Mark has been growing clearer all year. Karkaroff's too. Why do you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt the Mark burn. We both knew he had returned. Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord's vengeance. He betrayed too many of his fellow Death Eaters to be sure of a welcome back into the fold." Fudge doesn't believe the Dark-Mark but, he's repulsed by it nevertheless "I don't know what you and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in touch with you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school. I must return to the Ministry." He turns to leave the infirmary but, stops to hand Aurelia and Harry their winnings. Then with that, he's out of the door. There's a moment of silence as Dumbledore peers around the group. "There is work to be done, Molly . . . am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?" Molly answers Dumbledore at once: "Of course you can, we know what Fudge is. It's Arthur's fondness for Muggles that has held him back at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks he lacks proper wizarding pride." "Then I need to send a message to Arthur. All those that we can persuade of the truth must be notified immediately, and he is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as shortsighted as Cornelius." "I'll go to Dad, I'll go now." Bill says, standing up. "Excellent, tell him what has happened. Tell him I will be in direct contact with him shortly. He will need to be discreet, however. If Fudge thinks I am interfering at the Ministry —" "Leave it to me." "Minerva, I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. Also — if she will consent to come — Madame Maxime. Poppy, would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody's office, where I think you will find a house-elf called Winky in considerable distress? Do what you can for her, and take her back to the kitchens. I think Dobby will look after her for us." Both, Minerva and Poppy leave the Hospital Wing. When the doors close, Dumbledore speaks: "And now, it is time for two of our number to recognise each other for what they are. Sirius . . . if you could resume your usual form." Sirius turns back into a man, earning a scream from Molly. Ron tells her to shut up, Snape pitches a fit about Sirius being here. "He is here at my invitation." Dumbledore tells Snape, "As are you, Severus. I trust you both. It is time for you to lay aside your old differences and trust each other. I will settle, in the short term, for a lack of open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand united, there is no hope for any of us." The two reluctantly shake hands and Dumbledore continues speaking: Now I have work for each of you. Fudge's attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, Remus I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Cyril Hattersley, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher — the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin's for a while; I will contact you there." "But —" Harry says. "You'll see me very soon, Harry, Aurelia, I promise you. But I must do what I can, you understand, don't you?" Sirius promises. Once more, Sirius returns to his Animagus form and he leaves the room. Remus kisses Aurelia's forhead. "I'll see you soon, Rory." Remus tells her, patting her cheek gently, "Sooner than you think." He too leaves the room, Snape follows after him. "I must go downstairs, Aurelia, if you will, come with me." Dumbledore announces. Aurelia pales "What? Why?" "I must speak with the Diggorys, I think they would appreciate the sacrifice you tried to make for their son." "The one I failed to make." Aurelia corrects. It's not fair, Cedric should be here. Not me. Aurelia walks over to Dumbledore, he may not have told her she had to come but, something told her she had no choice in the matter. "Maeve, if you will return to his house. I will meet you there with Aurelia in a few hours." Dumbledore says. Maeve turns to Aurelia, cupping the girl's cheek "Are ye alright with this, wee moon?" Hesitating before answering, Aurelia says: "I'm okay with it, mu — Mae." "Very well." Mae says, giving Dumbledore a lingering look before kissing Aurelia's forehead. Then, she's sweeping out of the Hospital Wing. "Harry — take the rest of your potion. I will see all of you later." Dumbledore advises him, "Aurelia, meet me in the hallway when you've said your goodbyes." Aurelia nods, already regretting her decision to go with him. How is she going to face the Diggorys? Aurelia turns to hug Neville, they hug each other tightly and she wishes she didn't have to let him go. "Goodbye, Plant Boy." Aurelia mumbles. "Goodbye, Sunflower Girl." He whispers back. There's a pause and then Neville softly and swiftly presses his lips against the corner of Aurelia's mouth "Iloveyou." As good as that is to hear, Aurelia panics, she kisses his cheek and then scampers out of the room, exclaiming: "I gotta go!"
"SIR, WHAT — WHAT IS A DONUM VITAE?" Aurelia questions, following Dumbledore up the stairs to his office. She hopes to get an answer, she's not expecting to get one but, much to her surprise, she does. "It's an ancient magic, a magic that, I myself, am not experienced in and I cannot give you the best explanation of it. It's Blood Magic —" "I thought that was a myth!" Aurelia exclaims. "Oh no, most of us want us to believe it is a myth, Blood Magic is seen as dark magic but, it's quite the contrary. Blood Magic is the rawest and most pure magic there is, we just used it wrong. Blood Magic is capable of anything if you use it with the right intentions and that scared a lot of people. It didn't help that some started using it wrong, selfishly. When we started using wands to channel our magic, Blood Magic started to fade out and eventually after a few Donum Vitaes and an Immortality potion gone wrong, as a collective society, we decided to taboo Blood Magic." "So the Donum Vitae — they're not — they're not a species?" Aurelia asks, holding her breath, she doesn't want to be a Half-Breed! "No, though, Ian Hattersley, the last known Donum Vitae theorised that the Donum Vitae could be passed down through genetics. But, not many believe what Ian Hattersley wrote in his book as he was killed by the Killing Curse something that the Donum Vitae should've protected him from. The Hattersleys had his book published nevertheless, even though most categorise the book as mythology or fantasy. I assume you got your Donum Vitae at your birth, infants are the easiest to bring back from the dead since they need less blood and are innocent." "Sir, you can't bring the dead back to life!" "It was possible once upon a time, that's what the Donum Vitae is, a gift of life. The most powerful and complicated Blood Magic there was, it's the reason Blood Magic became taboo . . . As you know, you were born sickly. I believe your mother didn't believe you would make it through the night and she wasn't about to let her daughter die, so Bellatrix gave you the gift of life — the Donum Vitae." "Well, what does that mean for me? I — I can't die? Am — am I immortal?" Dumbledore shakes his head "No, Aurelia, you are certainly not immortal ." "But, the Donum Vitae is what to keep me alive?" "Yes, but, that doesn't mean you are immortal. The Donum Vitae is meant to bring someone back from the dead or the brink of death." "It's really possible? To bring someone back to life?" He nods. "So I can bring Cedric back?" "If you know the incantation and you are willing to give your life." "I would." Aurelia answers without missing a beat. "You are one of the few who could probably wield Blood Magic to their advantage. It's labelled complicated and dark, but, if you have the right intentions, it's quite the opposite. If you willingly give your life or your blood to bring someone back, you can do it. As long as you have pure intentions. A Donum Vitae is a life for a life, except for infants, they are innocent and small so they require less blood and higher chances of survival for one giving the Donum Vitae —" "Why on Earth would we forget magic like that?!" "We started using it wrong. Instead of giving a life for a life, we started taking a life for a life and the dead that came back, they came back wrong —" "Like Pet Cemetery?" Dumbledore pauses, he probably doesn't understand her reference then he continues: "Donum Vitaes and Blood Magic came to an end shortly after that." "Is the Donum Vitae how Harry survived too?" "The connection is quite similar but, Harry is not a Donum Vitae. The most commonplace for a Donum Vitae was childbirth, mothers would give their sickly infants the Donum Vitae to ensure their survival. Even though, infants required less blood to complete the bond, some mothers died preforming it, weakened by the childbirth. This sacrifice makes the Donum Vitae and it also similar to the sacrifice Lily Potter made for Harry but it is not a Donum Vitae and it is not as strong. You hold so much power, Aurelia Black, you don't know what you are capable of." She doesn't like how he's staring at her, she never has but, tonight she likes it even less. Irritation bubbles underneath her skin as he peers at her with keen interest. He stares at her like she's some kind of a weapon. Grinding her teeth, she tells him: "It's you who doesn't know what I'm capable of. I am child, not a weapon or a toy or a reward. I'm just a child." Before Dumbledore can say anything, Professor McGonagall approaches them, following behind her is Hagrid along with Madam Maxime; like Aurelia and Dumbledore, they're heading for his office. McGonagall appears to still be quite frazzled, not that Aurelia blames her, she feels the same way. Dumbledore greets them politely, explaining that he has something urgent to discuss with Hagrid and Madam Maxime. McGonagall steps up, grabbing Aurelia's shoulders with shaking hands, she asks Dumbledore if he'd like her to return Aurelia to the Hospital Wing. Much to her displeasure ("Surely, she needs rest!") Dumbledore tells McGonagall that Aurelia would be accompanying him to his office. Aurelia finds herself feeling numb again as she follows Dumbledore, Hagrid, and Madam Maxime up to the office. They get there within a few minutes, things are starting to become blurry again and Aurelia wonders if that potion Mae had given her is wearing off. Dumbledore has her sit off to the side while he discusses something important with the other two. She doesn't really listen to the conversation, Aurelia knows it starts out with what happened to Fleur during the third task and it quickly turns into something about giants. It also doesn't end well, Madam Maxime looks positively miffed by the time Dumbledore finishes speaking with them; Hagrid looks the complete opposite. Once they're gone, the Diggorys are brought in by Professor Sprout. Even though her ribs have been healed, Aurelia finds herself struggling to breath again. Aurelia suddenly feels like she's floating, like she's lurching forward but, she knows she's sitting perfectly still. Luckily, Aurelia doesn't have to speak with them, she doesn't think she can. It's all her fault that Cedric's dead. It's her fault that Voldemort's back. She should've just taken the Triwizard cup for herself instead of letting Cedric and Harry take it with her. If it had just been her, she wouldn't even had looked around that graveyard. Aurelia wouldn't have even known that Goyle and Pettigrew were there. She should have just selfishly taken that cup for herself. Dumbledore tells them everything that occurred tonight from Aurelia trying (and failing!) to save Cedric to Voldemort returning. They believe the story, Aurelia can tell from the looks on their faces, they say something to her but, it sounds almost like static to her. The walls feel like they're closing in on her. She should've know better the moment she hard her aunt's — her mum's voice. Aurelia should've know that it wasn't part of the task, she should've know that it was a trap. Abba was right, huh, Blue? Aurelia thinks to herself, the winner really does take it all. Dumbledore offers his condolences to the Diggorys and with that they're gone, leaving Aurelia with Dumbledore. There's a few minutes of silence as Dumbledore sorts through some things. Eventually he pulls out a textbook and two white forms and then he starts setting up his floo network. "What are you doing, sir?" She hears herself ask but, she doesn't quite recall opening her mouth to speak. Dumbledore beckons her over and hands her a white form, he tells her that she's to use this like she is to use Floo Powder and she's to go to a place called the 'North Island Port'. "But, sir . . . My things." "Not to worry, Aurelia, I've had Pomona go and collect them. They'll be sent to your home. Now go along, I'll be right behind you." Once again, Aurelia finds herself wishing that she had stayed in the Hospital Wing to get some rest. She sighs, stepping into the flames with that form, she calls out "North Island Port." It's cold, is the first thing Aurelia thinks when she steps out of the flames and into a dreary grey and dimly lit office of sorts. At the opposite side of the small room are two desks where two women are seated. One is young and half asleep, the other is old and looking bloody exhausted. The older woman places a smile on her face, asking: "Hello, young lady, with whom are you visiting today?" "Visit — visiting?" Aurelia stammers, teeth chattering violently from the cold despite only arriving seconds ago. "Yes, which prisoner do you wish to speak with?" Prisoner? Aurelia thinks as she grows tense, exactly where the fuck has Dumbeldore taken me? "We're here to see Bellatrix Lestrange." Dumbledore says from behind Aurelia. Aurelia freezes, her stomach twists violently. She's never felt more betrayed, which is saying something considering what she just found out about Noelle and all that bullshit. "We — we're in Azkaban?" Aurelia asks meekly. The younger one, seemingly wide awake now, speaks up "Technically we're under it. It's too dangerous to keep above ground with the prisoners and the Dementors." Aurelia looks back at Dumbledore "Why are we here, you — you . . ." she trailers off, she doesn't feel angry though she should because she doesn't want to be here, she doesn't want to see her, she just feels numb, she doesn't care why they're here. Aurelia just wants to go home. "Well, patty!" The younger one says, "You can set up the visiting chamber and I'll go fetch Lestrange with Dumbledore and, uh, Goldilocks!" The older woman — Patty — gives her a nervous look "Are you sure, Hattersley? You know how dangerous she is." "I'll be fine, I've got Dumbledore with me!" "Well, I suppose . . . But, he'll be wandless, they'll both be wandless." Patty says, "By the way, we'll need to take your wands, you'll get them back at the end of your visit, which is no longer than an hour, unless the Ministry has given you special permission otherwise — oh! And we need your visitation forms!" Dumbledore hands over his wand and that white form, he places his hand on Aurelia's shoulder, signalling her to hand over her wand and form. She hesitates, she doesn't want to be here, she doesn't want to see Bellatrix Lestrange! Why is Dumbledore doing this to me? Taking a deep breath, Aurelia hands over her wand and the form as well. "Alright," Hattersley says, grinning brightly, "If you'll just follow me, I'll take you to her." Yet again, Aurelia feels like she's floating as she follows Hattersley and Dumbledore through the only doorway in the room which leads to a stairwell. Hattersley is talking away to Dumbledore, explaining the ins and outs of a Azkaban visit, which by the sounds of it doesn't happen a lot. The woman reminds Aurelia of Nym; Hattersley even has the same bubblegum pink hair except hers seems to have been dyed with Muggle hair products, Aurelia can see her light brown roots showing through. Aurelia's not sure how many stairs they've gone up but it's a lot, she's vaguely aware of the growing cramp in her left leg but, she doesn't say anything as they come to a stop in front of a big iron door. Hattersley gives a wave of her wand which is tied to her wrist and the door creaks open. Aurelia's greeted by the sound of screaming prisoners and howling wind. There's also the sound of thunder and waves violently crashing against the building. The hall before them is pitch black, only lit up by the occasional lightning strike. And, it somehow got even colder than before. It felt like Azkaban was in the middle of a hurricane. Hattersley leads them down the halls then up some more stairs which leads to another hall of cells. "She's just at the end." Hattersley says, sounding very distant to Aurelia despite the fact she's standing right in front of her. Aurelia jumps, another flash of lightning illuminates the hall and she spots a face pressed against the bars of their cell. It's Rodolphus Lestrange and he's sneering at her "Has my wife's bastard come to visit it's mummy again?" Aurelia swallows thickly, shivering violent, again? He must be delusional, she's never been to Azkaban before. He spits at her "Run along now, wolfie, I don't want to see your disgusting face any longer, mutt." Aurelia quickly follows after Hattersley and Dumbledore, trying not to pay any mind to what Rodolphus had said. She just wants to go home, she's cold, and tired, and sad. She just wants to see Mae and Remus again. Dumbledore and Hattersley have come to stop in front of a cell at the end of the hallway. "Hello, Lestrange, you have visitors!" Hattersley says, sounding surprisingly nice as she speaks to her a — oh, fuck! Her mum! Her mum is right there, in front of her, only hidden by Dumbledore's tall figure. "Dumbledore." Bellatrix says coldly. Aurelia stands on her tiptoes to see over Dumbledore's shoulder, Bellatrix is staring at him with a disgusted yet tired look. "Mrs. Macleod." Dumbledore greets, lowering his voice to a whisper as he bows ever so slightly. "Don't call me that he —" Bellatrix stops as her blue-grey eyes lock onto Aurelia's gold ones. She's filled with warmth, every single bone and fibre of her body is toasty warm despite the fact she's surrounded by thousands of Dementors. Bellatrix glares at Dumbledore "Why have you brought her here?" Aurelia sobs, there's so much venom in her voice; she hates you, you're a filthy half-blood that's why no one's ever loved you. "Oh, m — m — Merlin!" "That's not Andromeda! Who is that, who have you brought here?" Bellatrix demands defensively. There's another flash of lightning and Aurelia can see that words have been carved into the walls of her cell. Aurelia looks anywhere but Bellatrix, Dumbledore moves out of the way, saying: "Surely you must recognise your only daughter." Bellatrix does a complete one-eighty, her face softens, her voice softens, instead of moving away from the cell bars, she moves towards them "A — a — Aurelia?" Aurelia freezes, still refusing to look at her aunt — her mum — oh, Merlin! Dumbledore nudges her forward. "Why have you brought her here?" Bellatrix asks again, using the bars to lift herself up. "As you must know, Voldemort has returned." Dumbledore says and much to Aurelia's surprise, Bellatrix flinches. "Yes . . . Yes, the . . . The Mark." Bellatrix mumbles distractedly, "B — but, why —" "Your daughter witnessed his return, became one of Gwendoline Goyle's victims." "No." Bellatrix whimpers. "Uh, I think we should take this to the visiting chamber." Hattersley suggest awkwardly only to be ignored. "Yes." Dumbledore says, "You could have prevented this, look at your daughter, look at the pain she is in because you did not stop Voldemort from returning." Bellatrix sobs dryly "I told you everything I knew, I did — I didn't mean for her to get hurt. Oh, my moon, I'm so sorry." Skeleton-like fingers reach out to touch Aurelia. "Hey! You know the rules, Lestrange, no contact unless you're in the visiting chamber!" Hattersley exclaims, raising her wand arm. Dumbledore tells Hattersley that it's fine but, it's not fine. Aurelia doesn't want Bellatrix to touch her. She's not given much of a choice as Dumbledore nudges her forward and Bellatrix grabs ahold of her blouse sleeve. "My moon, my moon . . . Oh, look at you . . . Oh, I am so so sorry." Bellatrix mumbles, sounding close to tears. As angry as Aurelia is at Bellatrix for many things, she can't seem to see how anything that happened tonight is somehow Bellatrix's fault, why would Dumbledore say that it is? Aurelia still can't bring herself to look at Bellatrix, she looks around the cell. The floor is littered with copies of the Daily Prophets and Aurelia can make out the words — or rather the word that's been carved all over the walls. 'Aurelia' Over and over again. On every wall, at the bottom almost to the top. The copies of the Daily Prophets are all about her, from the World Cup to her progress through out the Triwizard Tournament, and even the one about the Yule Ball — oh, fuck! "Come closer, p — p — please, my moon." Bellatrix pleads, tugging gently on Aurelia's sleeve, "Please, it's been so long since I've seen you I — I won't — can't hurt you . . . Please, my moon." Aurelia moves closer, looking up and Bellatrix smiles. Her eyes light up with adoration "Oh, look at you, my pretty little moon." Then Bellatrix frowns, her bony fingers reach up and brush over Aurelia's bruised cheek, she barely touches it but, even hours later it still stings and Aurelia flinches, she can't believe that Voldemort fucking bitchslapped her. "I am so so sorry, my moon. I didn't know you'd be thrown into this. Merlin, I — I didn't know, I swear, I told them everything I knew." Bellatrix rambles, "I wanted better for you, you deserve so much better." I deserve to be dead. "You did so well in that tournament, I am so proud of you, so unbelievably proud." Aurelia glances at the Daily Prophet, specifically the article that insinuates she's dating Neville, she raises and eyebrow at Bellatrix, are you sure about that? Bellatrix doesn't seem to notice that look. "I've seen pictures of you, Mae's brought me pictures once in a blue moon, then she just stopped for awhile, the last picture I got to see of you was just before you got on the train to Hogwarts. Then there were the pictures that bloody bug took of you — you — you looked so beautiful in your dress, you've grown so beautifully. The pictures, they — they aren't the same as seeing you here." Bellatrix says softly, her calloused fingers cupping Aurelia's chin in a gentle manner. Mae's been here before? This is too much too handle, Aurelia swallows thickly, she wants to go home. But, first: "Who's my father?" She blurts out. Bellatrix's face crumples and it looks like she might cry but, no tears fall. "Oh, my moon. I am so so sorry." What happened to her father, whoever he is? Bellatrix pulls herself close to the bars "Listen, my moon, no matter what you are told, no matter what anyone says, I love you and I wouldn't change anything about what happened in order for me to have you, no matter how horrible it was. You were the only good thing to ever happen to me." Aurelia's stomach twists violently, what happened, why was it horrible? Who even is my father? "I am sorry, I swear, what happened was horrible and I never meant to . . . I — well, I — you must understand, my moon, that it's not your fault, you shouldn't blame yourself for what happened and how it happened. I don't love you any less and neither does your father. He loves you so much, he's your father. Okay, no matter what anyone tells you. I am so so sorry, my moon." Aurelia doesn't understand what Bellatrix is going on about but, it's scaring her. Is her father dead? Does her father even know she exists? "Who —" But, Dumbledore pulls her away from Bellatrix, announcing that it's almost been an hour. It couldn't have been, can it? Seeing the heartbroken look on Bellatrix's face almost makes Aurelia feel bad for her, Bellatrix reaches out to grab Aurelia but Dumbledore had pulled her too far back. "Please, my moon, please. She just got here, it can't be an hour." Bellatrix whimpers, "Aurelia, please, Dumbledore, please, just a few more minutes — Aurelia!" "She's been through a terrible ordeal tonight, she needs her rest. It was dangerous to even bring her here." Dumbledore says. Aurelia's got a sinking feeling that he's using her as a pawn, a weapon against Bellatrix. Sure, Bellatrix was a shitty person but, this is just cruel. Aurelia doesn't want to be a pawn or a weapon. "Aurelia, please, I — I have nothing to give you, Dumbledore, please just let me say goodbye, please! If I had anything I could tell you, I would, please just let me say goodbye to my Aurelia." Hattersley gives Bellatrix a pitiful smile as Dumbledore starts to lead Aurelia away from Bellatrix. Aurelia looks back at Bellatrix, who's crying now, actually crying. She hates that she feels bad for Bellatrix, she hates it. "P — please!" "Bye," Aurelia swallows thickly, "Bye . . . Mama." It's a miracle Bellatrix even heard her, Aurelia's not sure if she had but, Bellatrix settles down after those words. It could've just been a coincidence but, it's unlikely. As Hattersley leads her and Dumbledore back down the stairs, Aurelia vaguely hears him tell her to have Patty erase the memories of the other prisoners just in case they heard anything. Aurelia tries to stop the feeling of strong dislike for Dumbledore from completely taking over, she shouldn't hate him. He's a good guy, isn't he? Dumbledore pats her shoulder "It's over now, Aurelia . . . We'll get you home now." Aurelia glares at her shoes, thunder roars around them. It's not over, they're standing in the eye of hurricane, it's not over, it's only just begun. END OF ACT ONE! AUTHOR'S NOTE: I gotta few things I'd like to say: Firstly about Bellatrix's character! Clearly she is not the same as she was in the OG series, I am telling you now Bellatrix isn't the villain in this story (she's not the good guy either) I just wanted to write a fic where Bellatrix was semi-good and I ended up throwing that plot into Make Them Gold! I haven't seen one before so I thought it'd be interesting to see Bellatrix be good so I decided I'm gonna make a series where Bellatrix isn't a loyal Death-Eater (but, she's not loyal to Dumbledore) and is good (to a point). Bellatrix also grew up a bit different in this series because she had Mae from a young age so her views are quite different, she had help (not professional yet) dealing with her mental health and abuse thanks to Mae. And, of course, Aurelia's character changed a lot for Bellatrix as well. A bit of a warning at times Bella's love for Aurelia may be a bit obsessive, because Bellatrix is clearly an obsessive character. It will change (which is an important part of this series ? ﾟﾑﾀ) because I don't want their relationship to be toxic, so her being obsessive is wrong and it will be treated as such. The reason she is a bit obsessive even though I don't want her to be is because I didn't want to change too many key parts of Bellatrix's character such as her being extremely loyal and obsessive. Anyways, I hope I don't ruin the character of Bellatrix for you. I'm trying my best with it! Secondly, act one is officially done! Ya yeet, order of the phoenix is going to be a wild ride, Aurelia's going to go through a lot of changes and most of them will not be good, her mental health, has declined drastically and she will be getting professional help for that, which will help but when she goes back to Hogwarts, it's going to decline rapidly again thanks to many things, namely Umbridge. She will make a lot of bad decisions, her mind is going to be all over the place. Her character development is going to head in a downward spiral, but, not all character development is good (please keep that in mind)! Thirdly, how do you think Neville is going to react to the news and how should he find out, even though I have two ideas on how that could go, I would like the hear what you have in mind! I hope you enjoyed act one of Make Them Gold, stay tuned for act two to find out who Aurelia's father is! Thanks for reading!
ACT ii, HANGING BY A THREAD! ʀᴇᴀᴅ ᴡᴀʀɴɪɴɢs ᴀᴛ ᴛʜᴇ ᴇɴᴅ ❝I never meant to hurt you, please understand that!❞ ❝Well, you did! I guess you are just like the rest of your family!❞ AURELIA BLACK IS ABOUT TO ENTER HER fifth year at Hogwarts and she's not sure if she's going to make it through. In the last year, she's fought dragons, mermaids, and her foreign girlfriend who turned out to be a forty-two-year-old Death-Eater that wanted her dead, and Aurelia Black is dreadfully tired. She had watched one of her friends die at the hands of a newly resurrected Lord Voldemort, she won the Triwizard Tournament, and found out her mother's been Bellatrix Lestrange this whole time and that whoever her father is has probably got no idea she even exists. She's just so tired, she doesn't want to go back to Hogwarts. It's a miracle she's even still holding herself together at this point, everything inside her is hanging by a thread; her sanity, her hope, her happiness, her emotions. It's all kept together by a thread that's on the verge of snapping. She's not sure just how much longer she'll last but once she takes a look at the new DADA professor that strangely resembles a toad — a very pink toad, to be exact — she knows it'll take a miracle for her to make it to the end of the year. (And if she's not going to make it through this year, you bet, Aurelia will take that pink toad down with her.) Everything has gone downhill and not just for Aurelia, but for those around her. Those who are desperately trying to help her, but she's afraid that she's too far gone at this point and once that thread snaps, it'll be too late for her. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ [author's note:This act is going to be sad AS FUCK! I'm so pumped I'm in my element! The rewrite of act two stays pretty close to the original (except for how the truth comes out, if any of you remember that) it's mostly been rewritten to flow with the events of act one. Anyways, what do you think is going to happen when Neville finds out, how do you think he's going to react, I really want to know your theories on this because while I sort of have a plan for what I want to happen I also want to take in your opinions for this! You could also listen to the entirety of Marianas Trench's album 'Fix Me' for this because that album is Aurelia's Biggest Mood for the entire act! I hope you enjoy act two, thanks for reading!] ━━ [WARNING: this act will go more into depth on Aurelia's PTSD ( Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder) as well as her depression, Depersonalisation\Derealisation Disorder, and Panic Disorder. There will be suicidal thoughts and mentions of self-harm, if these topics bother or trigger you please be careful reading or don't read at all, I don't want you suffer while reading this.] word count: 576 started: april, 27th, 2019 finished: tba published: april, 28th, 2019 ❨ ACT TWO, HANGING BY A THREAD! ❩ ❨ SET DURING THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX! ❩
CARDIFF, WALES IN FRONT OF A SMALL, friendly-looking two story house is where Aurelia finds herself when she opens her eyes. At least, that's what Dumbledore says when she asks. Aurelia finds herself trusting him less in less in these passing hours. He brought her to bloody Azkaban without asking her first, why on Earth would he do that to her? He treated Harry better than her, she literally went through almost the exact same situation as Harry, yet it seemed to her that Dumbledore was treating Harry like he was the only one who suffered tonight. Maybe, she's only seeing it that way because she's grown a little jealous of Harry over the past year. She hopes not, she hopes Dumbledore's behaviour isn't just all in her head even if that means Dumbledore's a real git, she doesn't want to be imagining the stuff. Aurelia frowns, she glances at the house once again and wonders where Dumbledore's brought her now. She doesn't recognise this place, perhaps — "Sir, is this where my father lives?" Aurelia asks hopefully. "Yes, Aurelia." Aurelia sighs in relief "Oh, thank Merlin! I was starting to think that Voldemort was my father, y'know, even if that's highly unlikely because he kill —" Dumbledore's eyes flash dangerously and he grows rather stiff and Aurelia stops stalking, he sounds almost disappointed as he says: "Fear not, Aurelia, Voldemort is not your father . . . Although, I wouldn't put it past Bellatrix to be able to hide his child from him. She'd always been quite clever and cunning, she fooled him many times even without the help of Esrom. Bellatrix was one of three people whom Voldemort blindly trusts, if anyone is going to get away with having his child and keeping them alive and safe from his wrath, it'd be her. But, without a doubt, you are not his." "That's a good thing." Aurelia says slowly, so why don't you sound like it's a good thing? Dumbledore stays silent for a moment, studying her then he replies: "Yes, it is . . . Aurelia Riddle wouldn't be a very fitting name for you." The last part had meant to lighten the mood but it does nothing of the sort. Aurelia Riddle, she thinks and it sounds wrong. It sends chills down her spine, she can't be that evil, it's bad enough her mother is Bellatrix Lestrange. She shakes her head, she doesn't want to think about that, she wants to know who her father is. Aurelia looks up at the house and wonders who lives there, is he nice? Does he really love her? Does he know she exists, does he know she's here right now? Does — A big black dog comes bounding around the side of the house — is that Sirius? The dog barks when he spots her, running over to her, he comes to a halting stop at her feet. Aurelia can't tell if it's Sirius or not, it's still too dark out and the sun is just barely rising. "Sirius?" The dog looks up, barks then licks her hand, Aurelia takes that as a yes. "I think we should go inside." Dumbledore says, "It's high time you met your father." Aurelia swallows thickly, she's not sure how she feels, she's not sure if she's ready to meet him just yet. Of course, she wants to know who he is, a name would have sufficed for now; she can't meet him looking like this. Aurelia looks like Veronica Sawyer after she watched Jason Dean blow himself up, she looked like she just got back from hell. She tucks in her blouse and smooths down her hair, she should at least look presentable. What if he doesn't know about you, you're certainly not going to convince him to keep you looking like this! "Oh, I wouldn't worry about your appearance, Aurelia, your father has already seen you tonight." Dumbledore says, smiling knowingly. Aurelia knows that smile is meant to be goodnatured but, it makes her so angry. He knows everything but, he's not telling her anything, she grinds her teeth and clenches her fists, how many people knew about this? "Was he in the stands? . . . Was he in the cemetery? Where was he — did I — did I see him?" "You did see him. You even spoke to him." Dumbledore replies, "Perhaps, I should rephrase my earlier question: are you ready to meet him as your father?" Aurelia grinds her teeth, biting her tongue — for fuck's sakes just tell me his name already! The front door opens and Mae's voice calls out: "Dumbledore?! Aurelia?! What are ye doin' here?!" "What are you doing here?!" Aurelia yells back, feeling more than bloody confused. The front porch light switches on and an older man steps past Mae, Aurelia freezes, is this my dad? He's holding a creature of some kind, Aurelia thinks it might be a Niffler. He's got silvery-blond hair, possibly grey from old age, he's got to be in his mid-sixties. Aurelia exhales, he's a little too old to be her father, she decides. The man steps out onto the porch, he's wearing a flowery poncho and he's most definitely holding a Niffler. His silvery-blond hair is pulled back into a bun but quite a few strands of hair frame his sharp face; he looks bloody familiar. He smiles and waves and them, Aurelia waves back, albeit a little hesitantly, she's bloody confused. The man laughs "Oh, look at her, Mae! She looks so confused! She can't tell which one of us is her father! Oh, she's like a little baby duck!" Mae sighs "Lyall, why are ye like this? Besides if anyone, out o' the two o' us, is goin' to be her father, it'd clearly be moi." "What's going on? I thought you said this was my father's house?!" Aurelia says angrily, rounding on Dumbledore. She's tired of these games he's playing with her. She wants some fucking answers and she wants them now. "Technically, it's my house but, your father does visit often." The man — Lyall — says then raises his voice: "Though not as often as he should!" "Who are you?" "I'm Lyall Lupin. I'm your grandfather." Lupin? Aurelia feels faint, as in Remus Lupin? I'm related to Remus Lupin? What the fuck? How the fuck? Aurelia sways slightly, oh, Merlin! she thinks she might actually faint. "What are you yelling at now, Dad?" Remus questions tiredly, coming to stand in the doorway next to Mae. Good, Godric. His eyes widen in surprise when he sees her, he drops his mug in surprise "A — a — Aurelia?" She frowns, is Remus her father? No, he can't be! That's weird, besides, he doesn't look to happy to see you — oh no! He is your dad and he hates you! Remus brushes down his hair and smooths out his cardigan, completely ignoring the broken mug that lay at his feet and the steaming tea seeping into his bunny slippers. "What — what are you doing here?" Tears burn her eyes, Remus is her father! He's got to be, unless he's got a brother he never mentioned. While it's weird and doesn't make sense as to why her aunt — her mother would be anywhere near him, it does explain why he came around this past year, why he was so nice to her. He's always been nice to her and she's always seen him as a father figure — but, fuck me gently with a chainsaw! She never thought he'd actually be her father! No, that just can't be right! Aurelia shakes her head, it must be a sick joke! At this point, she wouldn't put it past Dumbledore to do something like that, she just can't believe Mae and Remus and the Niffler Dude would join in. Aurelia breathes heavily, as much as she wants Remus to be her father, it just can't be true. "Ye weren't supposed to bring her here 'til tomorrow, Dumbledore! What did ye do?" Mae asks, giving him an accusing glare. Aurelia runs forward and straight into Mae's arms, she buries her face into the redhead's cloak, refusing to look at Remus. What the fuck is going on?! Mae wraps her arms around Aurelia in a protective manner "Merlin's beard! Yer bloody freezin', wee moon!" Aurelia gives her an incoherent rundown of what happened after Mae had left her with Dumbledore. Mae surprisingly understood most of it and Merlin was she ever fucking furious. "How dare you bring my daughter to Azkaban, and without consultin' me first no less!" Mae hisses venomously, running her fingers through Aurelia's hair, "If you ever do that again, I'll have yer head on a gold fuckin' platter, Albus." "Oooh, I'd be careful with her, Dumbledore, she may be tiny but, you would not believe the things Lestrange taught her!" Lyall says, letting out a low whistle as he adjusts the squirming Niffler is his arms. "Aurelia here was under the belief your wife had escaped Azkaban, I was simply trying to give her some peace of mind." Dumbledore explains. Mae sneers at him "That's o' load o' bullshit and, don't even try that on me —" "Wife?!" Aurelia exclaims into the blue velvet fabric of Mae's cloak. "Yes, wee moon, wife. Trix and I are married, secretly and magically, unlike her marriage to that asshole, he was only meant to keep everyone happy. We were married before an' when I say before, I mean literally an hour before." "Is there anything else you'd like to tell me?!" Aurelia asks dryly. "Aye," Mae mumbles, "A lot, but, we should start with the most important thing: your father." Aurelia sneaks a glance at Remus, who looks the complete opposite of happy, she wonders if he's only just found out. That would explain his sudden change in behaviour. "I — I'm going to make some more tea." Remus mumbles, backing into the house. Merlin, he hates you! He fucking hates you! Aurelia sniffles, clinging to Mae, who is asking where Elliot is. She looks up, blinking away tears "He does — he doesn't want me, does he? Re — Remus, I mean." Dumbledore had been explaining that he had left Elliot at Hogwarts and Mae had been snapping at him for it, saying something along the lines of 'He's goin' to be pissed, he's got no idea what's goin' on! Ye know kids don't like bein' kept in the dark, ye should know that by now, Albus!' Her expression softens when she looks down at Aurelia, patting her head and saying "No, that's not the case at all! Don't even think that for a second, Remus is just a little nervous, we weren't expectin' ye to be here 'til tomorrow." "Perhaps we should take this inside, the poor girl is shaking like a leaf." Lyall suggests, "Dumbledore would you care for a spot of t —" "No, he would not." Mae says cooly, leading Aurelia into the Lupin household. Aurelia hears Dumbledore chuckle faintly, telling Lyall that he'd love to but, he needs to get back to Hogwarts. She looks around the house, it's quaint but, then again she was used to living in a fucking castle. Aurelia loves it though, it's nice, bright, and warm. Mae leads her towards the kitchens where she can hear a soft but stern voice scolding Remus. Aurelia looks at Mae, wondering who else is here. "That's Hope Lupin, Remus' mum." Mae explains, smiling at Aurelia, "She's the sweetest thing, an absolute angel, really. Trix absolutely adored her even though she was a Muggle." They step into the kitchen, Remus is being scolded by a woman in a portrait while holding a steaming kettle and a new mug. "'Ello mama Lupin!" Mae greets the portrait. The scolding ceases immediately, the woman in the portrait turn to Mae and gives her a friendly smile. "'Ello my precious painter girl." Hope Lupin says warmly, "And who is — is that little Aurelia? Remmy you told me she wasn't supposed here until tomorrow!" The portrait starts rambling on about how messy the house is — which, it isn't — and how there's nothing for the poor girl to eat. "I'm sorry!" Aurelia blurts out, wrapping her arms around herself. The kitchen falls silent, Remus places the kettle and mug onto the kitchen counter, asking: "Why are you apologising?" "I'm ruining everything! I ruined your life, you don't want me here and you probably hate me now that you know you're my real fa —" Remus pulls her into a tight hug, cradling her head "You haven't ruined a single bloody thing! You are the one good thing that came out of that situation. You're my daughter and I love you. You don't understand how long I've been waiting for this moment, it — it's not how I planned it, it's not how any of us planned it. You weren't supposed to know until —" Aurelia pulls away, his grip on her is tight so she can't pull away much. "And why not?!" Mae and Remus share a look, Remus speaks hesitantly: "Well, you know Esrom Riddle? Well, she quite liked your mum. Growing up, she was very fond of her and your aunts, especially your mum though. From what Mae has told me, she was creepily invested in your mum so when you came along, Esrom kept a close eye, well, inner eye on you. She was always looking out for you and at one point she predicted that something very bad would happen to you if you grew up believing your real mum was Bellatrix." Remus pauses and Mae continues: "Esrom never said exactly what would happen but, it shook Trix to the core. It devastated her and she went out lookin' for families to take ye in so nothin' bad would happen to ye. I remember she found a family somewhere in France but, when it came time to hand ye over, Trix couldn't bring herself to give ye up to someone so far away. She made many plans to keep ye safe but, a lot of them weren't the most, well, they —" "Why didn't she give me to Remus then, huh? From the sounds of it, Esrom only predicted I might die only because I was Bellatrix's daughter, not because I was Lupin's — unless you didn't want me or you're not my real father!" Aurelia exclaims, yanking herself free from Remus. Anger courses through her veins as she points a finger at him. Lyall and Sirius enter the kitchen, looking extremely cautious. "I did want you!" Remus exclaims right back, "It's just well, I'm not fit to raise a child as much as I want to." "Okay, so you can't take care of me a few days a month that doesn't mean you had to go and ship me off you relatives who didn't love me because I'm a Half-Blood! You still could've been my father!" "Remus," Sirius interjects, "You need to tell her, I know it's something you don't want to talk about and I know it's horrible but, it'll help her understand." "Understand what?!" Remus had gone pale, he's visibly shaking, his blue eyes had glossed over, he shakes his head. "Remus, if you don't tell her, Lyra will and she'll make it sound so much worse. She won't hesitate to not explain it right. It's best if Aurelia hears it from one of us." "Lyra wouldn't — my daughter doesn't need to know about that!" Remus snaps at Sirius, "Bellatrix would never tell her about it —" "She would if she thought it would protect Aurelia." Mae cuts in, giving Remus a meaningful look. "What are you — you guys talking about?" Aurelia stammers, wiping her sweaty palms on her pants. If Remus doesn't want her, why doesn't he just say it? She feels sick, they're hiding something from her again. Aurelia glares at them, tell me, you cowards, just fucking spit it out! Aurelia grinds her teeth, clenching her fists at her sides. "Remus," Sirius says softly, "Plenty of people know the truth and none of them will be able to tell it the way we can, they didn't see what really happened. It will only hurt Rory more if we keep this from her." Aurelia looks at Remus, he's crying now but, he's nodding his head. "I'll handle this, Moony." Sirius says softly, "It is partly my fault that this happened." "It's not your fault, Sirius. It's no one's fault but Trix's." Mae tells Sirius, it looks like it pains her to say that. Sirius sighs, grabbing Aurelia's shoulders "I think it's best we sit down for this, it's a long story." Irritated, Aurelia shakes his hands off her, telling him flatly: "Then get on with it." Sirius looks affronted by her tone but, he doesn't scold her for it. Instead he shares a nervous look with Remus and Mae. What the fuck is going on? Aurelia cries, burying her face into her hands. Is this how Luke Skywalker felt when he found out his father was Darth Vader?! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ [author's note: Welcome to act two and, uhhh, Surprise! To my old readers, if you remember, Remus Lupin was Aurelia's father except in the old version of this story he didn't remember because Bellatrix was a possessive piece of shit who obliviated his memories of Aurelia because she thought he was going to take Aurelia away from her. In this version, she's still a possessive piece of shit but, she let him keep his memories for reasons (y'all got a big storm coming). Anyways, I know it's weird,,, RemusxBellatrix is gross as fuck but, I swear there's a good reason for it and no, I don't ship them at all. They do, however, make a great Brotp in this story. Why do you think they did the frick frack together? I wanna see your theories. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter!]
A MILLION THOUGHTS ARE RACING THROUGH HER mind, as she stares at Sirius, waiting for him to explain the situation. It'd better be a damned good explanation. Aurelia's done with all these bloody secrets. Maybe, just maybe she could understand them keeping her from knowing Bellatrix is her mother; Aurelia supposes possibly being killed for knowing that is a decent reason to keep it secret. But, why had they kept Remus from her? What did that protect her from, besides a loving home? "Rory, do you know who Fenrir Greyback is?" Sirius asks. Aurelia grows rigid, that woman — that werewolf who attacked her had been in his pack and if she's not mistaken, he's the one who bit Remus when he was wee boy; she nods her head. "Well, back during the war Voldemort had been very interested in getting Greyback in his ranks." Aurelia swallows thickly, she doesn't like the sounds of this "What does this anything to do with me, I — I don't understand." Sirius frowns at the fear in her voice "Greyback at the time was looking for an experiment . . . He often turned children because they were easier to use. He's fucking insane, Aurelia, he worse than even, Goyle! He wanted to see if werewolves would be stronger if they were born from a line of Lycanthropy instead of being bitten —" "I still — I still don't understand." "When Voldemort asked Greyback to join his ranks, Voldemort used his plan as leverage. Offering up Gwendoline Goyle to use for this plan . . . Since Greyback couldn't have children of his own, Goyle would have to use one of his werewolves in his pack." Aurelia's heart beats rapidly, she doesn't like where this is going, she takes it all back, she doesn't want to know anymore. She'd much rather hear Mae tell her that Bellatrix used Remus as some kind of sperm donor because she and Mae — her wife, uh, what the fuck! — wanted to have child. She probably wouldn't have believed that because with magic parents can have children without sperm or any other biological bullshit that goes into making a kid. But, it'd be a nicer story than this. "Goyle, had recently gotten into a duel with James and Remus and Remus had managed to disarm her, leaving her very bitter. So instead of choosing someone in Greyback's ranks, she chose Remus. Greyback encouraged her to do so . . . You see, Rory, to put it simply, Greyback has an axe to grind with the Lupin family." Sirius explains, "So, it was decided that Gwendoline was to use whatever means she had to in order to fall pregnant with Remus' child and then she could kill him for all anyone cared, he wasn't part of Greyback's pack, it didn't matter." Sirius falls silent, frowning as his eyes got glossy like Remus' did. Lyall places a warm blanket around her shoulders, Aurelia glances up at him and he looks as pale as a ghost but, he smiles softly at her. Aurelia looks back to Sirius "Well if it was given to Goyle why did Bellatrix end up doing it?" "She volunteered." Sirius replies, "She knew Remus because of me. I had been disowned quite a few years back but, she did occasionally come around to see me mostly during my years at Hogwarts to give me some many for Hogsmeade, well, the last her and I really talked was in fifth year and Remus and I had been dating. She had thought that Remus and I were still dating when —" "So, she decided to fuck your boyfriend instead of letting Gwen do it?" They all laugh lightly at Aurelia comment, the tension dissipates slightly only to return at full force when Sirius continues speaking. "I think she volunteered because Gwen was going to kill Remus. It was her own twisted way of trying to help me by saving my boyfriend from a brutal death. She probably wouldn't have done it if she knew Remus and I had broken up before we even left Hogwarts — if I had only managed to block Macnair's spell then maybe I would've been able to help Remus and James with Goyle and she would've never been disarmed by Remus and he never would've ended up as Greyback's pawn!" Aurelia swallows thickly, digging her nails into the palms of her hands. Remus didn't want you, how could he want you. "She didn't have to actually do anything with Remus though, she could've just lied and said she did. It wouldn't be her bloody fault if she couldn't get pregnant." Aurelia says in a small voice, feeling disgusted by her existence. "You're right." Sirius agrees bitterly. Aurelia gives him a wounded look, it's not like she asked to be born. "Sirius." Remus says warningly, handing Aurelia a piece of chocolate like that would make her feel loads better, she doesn't even have the stomach to eat it. "Bellatrix volunteered, yes, everyone thought she was doing it to prove her loyalty to Voldemort but, really she was doing it for Sirius. It wasn't the first time that she messed with his plans to help her family." Remus says, "She never had any intention of hunting me down to do it, she wanted no part of the plan she just didn't want Gwen to kill me. She admitted that months into our . . . Partnership, I guess you could call it that, we weren't friends. She was more friendly with my mum than she was with anyone else besides maybe Mae or Carrow. Anyway, we ended up running into each other at one of Frank's parties and well, you can guess what happens next." "You said yes — how drunk were you?!" Aurelia exclaims, oh, Merlin, please let him have said yes! "We were both considerably drunk, and yes. I did say yes." He gives Sirius a pointed look, "If I had said no, she would've left it at that, she wouldn't have done anything else. Now, that certainly doesn't excuse anything, no matter how drunk she was she still knew about the plan even if she wasn't exactly thinking about it at the time. She still could've walked away, gave a false story to Voldemort about how she just can't get pregnant and he would've believed her, I don't think you, or anyone for that matter understands just how much Voldemort trusts her. She didn't have to do it but, she did and it was wrong. She knew that." Aurelia sobs, monster child, monster child, monster child "She u — u — used you." monster child, monster child, monster child, she wraps the blankets around herself tighter. Remus hesitates, glancing at Mae then back at the sobbing girl in front of them, wondering if this was really worth it. "Yes . . . But — and, this doesn't make the situation any less wrong — but, she did regret it. She told me everything the next morning, crying, and even though it wasn't certain that she was pregnant with you for the next month and a half. She kept me safe from Gwen who, despite being told not to since Bellatrix was handling it, was trying to hunt me down for Greyback and her master's approval. When it discovered she was indeed pregnant, she worked on a plan to keep you safe from Greyback's clutches. She somehow managed to have him run right into America within a week and she did so without getting caught. And, I believe Voldemort was going to kill you since you were no longer useful with Greyback gone but, Bellatrix managed to convince him to let you live. I believe he saw you as giving her a reward for being so loyal to him." "So, ne — neither of you want — wanted me?" "That doesn't mean we didn't love you any less." Remus says at once, "Do you think James and Lily planned to have Harry in the middle of a war? They didn't love him any less. We wanted you, maybe not the way it happened . . . I mean I certainly didn't want kids with her let alone kids with that story looming over their heads and she felt the same way. But, we got you and we love you anyways." "I'm sorry!" Aurelia sobs, she shouldn't have been born! Remus deserved better than this. Mae runs her finger's through Aurelia's gold curls "It's not yer fault, wee moon!" Suddenly the nickname makes sense! Mae calls her that because her father's a werewolf! "But, that doesn't exactly explain why you couldn't raise me." "Greyback wants you. He feels as though you belong to him." Remus says, "When Bellatrix was arrested, it was decided, by mostly her, that you were to be handed over to the Malfoys because you could be passed off as Draco's twin that way Greyback wouldn't know where you went." "It worked for a few years." Mae cuts in, "But then, Gwendoline somehow got word to Greyback that the Malfoys had ye and he sent one of his pack members to come and collect ye. She must've been hidin' out there for a few days, Lucius an' I found a makeshift camp in the woods near the manor. We think she was waitin' for ye to be left alone to come and grab ye but ye were always surrounded by someone and the only time ye did leave the manor was well . . . Unfortunately, it was on a full moon and she transformed before she could get ye to Greyback." Aurelia squeezes her eyes shut, trying hard not to think about that night or that woman. "Lucius blames himself for that. I wouldn't blame him entirely but, if he had left well enough alone with yer memories ye wouldn't have thought the best choice was to leave the manor." "What memo — memory?" "Ye remember that he used the Cruciatus Curse on ye an' that's why ye wanted to runaway. He did nothin' of the sort. Lucius never raised a hand to either of ye kids. I didn't know for a long bloody time that he implanted false memories of abuse and neglectful behaviour into yer memories." "They never hurt me — like ever?" Aurelia wonders quietly, "Why would he do that, what was the point of it?" "When I learned of it, I didn't quite understand why he did it. When Trix told him that she wanted ye to not be raised to believe the beliefs their families taught them, that's not how she wanted him to do it. She wanted him not to teach ye them a lot but, instead he made ye think that he hated ye and drove ye into the arms of the Tonks and their beliefs." Aurelia frowns "He . . . He didn't hate me? Even though I'm a Half-Blood." "Surprisingly, no . . . He wasn't too fond of ye at first but, within a week of ye bein' sent to the manor permanently he was wrapped right 'round yer little finger. He came to view you as his own daughter, Lucius always wanted a daughter of his own. It was Narcissa who didn't want ye, she loved ye but, she didn't want to keep ye 'round. She could never bring herself to view ye as her own." "So . . . Dad — Uncle Lucius implanted false memories into my brain to make me a Blood-Traitor?" Aurelia asks, she's bloody confused. She wonders just how memories were false, was the Imperious Curse a false memory? Was her mum — Narcissa hitting her a false memory? What's even real anymore? "In the simplest terms? Yes." Well, at least they weren't shitty enough to actually hurt you, Aurelia thinks, but, it's still pretty shitty of him to make you think they did. "Is there anything else I should know." Aurelia asks, bitterness lacing her tone. Mae in one breath, says: "Ye have quite a bit of repressed memories of Remus, Bellatrix, Alice, and Frank. They're not erased, ye can get them back if I can or if ye want me to take the guards for them down. Uh, yer godparents are Alice and Frank, and, uh —" so quickly that Aurelia barely has time to process it. "Merlin's beard!" Sirius exclaims, "Don't you have any good new to tell her?!" Sirius and Remus look at Mae who frowns "Well, I wouldn't call it a good thing —" "It's a good thing." Remus and Sirius chorus. "What?" Aurelia asks, desperate to hear something good. Mae fiddles with the strings of her cloak "Well, ye see . . . Ye were born sick and Bellatrix was greatly weakened from both the pregnancy and childbirth. When she saw that ye were so weak an' possibly dyin' she abruptly made the decision to give ye a Donum Vitae right then an' there. Apparently she had planned on givin' ye a Donum Vitae a few days after ye were born . . . Ye know to, uh, burn away yer Lycanthropy, if ye had inherited it from Remus! But, the state ye were in caused her to panic and she did it the second ye were handed to her. It didn't go too well." This doesn't sound like a good thing, Aurelia thinks, please shut up. "She briefly died ("Briefly? Didn't she like croak for like a solid seven minutes?!" "Sirius, please, shut the fuck up!") before she could close the Donum Vitae bond. While Lyall and Remus worked to resuscitate, I stepped forward to close off the Donum Vitae bond for her —" "You're a Squib, how could you do that! I swear to fucking Merlin, if you tell me you're not a Squib —" Mae laughs lightly "No, wee moon, I am a Squib. But, I'm one of the Squibs that has some magic in their veins, I had one show of accidental magic as a child but, it wasn't enough to get into Hogwarts. I don't have enough magic to channel through a wand. Blood Magic is different from the magic we learn today, it's the rawest form of magic because ye use yer blood to channel your magic. I have enough magic to use some Blood Magic and I had just enough magic in my veins to finish off the Donum Vitae." "Oh." "Anyway, I closed off the bond for Trix but, the Donum Vitae still took her brief death ("Again, is it really that brief if she kicked the bucket for seven minutes?!" "Sirius. Shut up.") as a sacrifice. Which means yer Donum Vitae is a stronger 'cause of it. Ian Hattersley's Donum Vitae was like that! Ye see, his father died givin' it to him do the Donum Vitae acted on its' own accord instead of —" "Mae, quit diverting!" Remus says sternly. "Yeah, c'mon and just tell her already! Remus tells me that Rory —" "Just bloody tell me! It cannot and I mean cannot be any worse than being Bellatrix's bastard daughter —" "I'm yer mother too!" Mae exclaims. The kitchen falls silent, the only person who is shocked is Aurelia. "The — my blood was mixed with yers when I sealed the bond an' ye share genetics with me an' my family . . . Ye share blood with a — a Squib." It explains Aurelia's freckles, the cat-like birthmark, her inability to fucking tan! The foreign feeling of happiness punches Aurelia in the face and in one swift movement Aurelia's launched herself at Mae, shrieking happily. "You're my mum! Holy fuck! You're my bloody mum! This is amazing! Wait, that means I'm related to Helga fucking Hufflepuff — oooooh no, I'm technically related to Zacharias — and! And — and you're my fucking mum!" Aurelia hugs Mae tightly "Oh, I wish I looked more like you!" "You do actually!" Sirius butts in, "It's just been concealed with that Blood Magic or whatever it is that Bella was into. A Black has never had green eyes, it'd look too weird, Bella insisted that it'd be suspicious so she covered it up." Mae laughs nervously, giving Sirius a murderous look "Sirius. Shut. Up." It's too late. "I wanna see!" Aurelia cries indignantly, "Take that magic off, I wanna see how much I look like you . . . Like my mum." Mae doesn't smile not even at the fact Aurelia had called her mum. She chews on her lip, looking more than a wee bit worried. "If I take the concealment off, ye will see somethin' . . . Somethin' that from all that chaos that happened that night, ye can't remember . . . Somethin' that shouldn't be there." Mae says gravely. Sirius pales, muttering: "I should've shut up, I should've shut up, I should've shut up." "L — like w — what?" "A bite mark." Aurelia blinks "I'm sorry? A fucking what?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ [author's note: I felt icky writing that, back when I first came up with the Greyback plan, I didn't really realise exactly how severe it was so in the OG version of Make Them Gold, it wasn't taken too seriously, and of course, Remus didn't remember the plan so it wasn't really brushed upon. But, since then I've realised just how horrible it is and now that Remus remembers, I'm making sure to stress that it's FUCKED UP and I don't condone it. Even Bellatrix knows it's fucking wrong (ofc canon!Bellatrix wouldn't give a flying fuck!) but in this version she gave a lot of fucks and tried her best to like,, apologise (?),,, for what she did! I also felt icky just writing Bellatrix and Remus as a thing in general,,,, to make things clear they don't like each other,,, like Remus hardly even considers her a friend, they were partners in trying to fight for Aurelia Rights™ and Bellatrix grew fond of him at the most,, which comes in handy later in the story . . . In the FIRST EVER draft like waaay before I published the OG version, Remus wasn't supposed to be Aurelia's father. I decided that Aurelia's OG father was too cliche so I didn't go with it instead I came up with Greyback's plan and all that jazz,,, but, of course it's been three years and as you can tell I don't really give a bloody fuck if it's cliche or not, if I like it I'm gonna do it! And I'm gonna do it while making it fun as fucccccck! Okay, thanks for reading, hope you enjoyed the lots of foreshadowing for the Real™ plot twist of the story! I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter! ]
LYRA CARINA BLACK HAD LONG SINCE GIVEN up on being better than her family. She had tried to so hard, her eldest sister\motherly figure — since their parents never gave two shits about any of them — had alway encouraged her to follow what she believed, not what others told her to believe. It's ironic that the said sister did the complete opposite. After trying for years No, there isn't any point in trying to be good anymore. Lyra never got anything in return. She became an unregistered Animagus for a boy with soft eyes, a boy her parents would never approve of her befriending let alone falling in love with and what did he go and do? He went and fell in love with her cousin, that didn't work out, then he went and fucked her older sister which resulted in him having child with her. In actuality, Lyra thinks it's a con. That boy not only had soft eyes but a soft heart — Remus was naive, her sister was the opposite and that could've resulted in so many things but, not a bloody child — and, you are not going to think about that now. Unless, of course, you intend to blow up this potion. And just when Lyra finally thought she'd be free of her eldest sister, her bloody daughter's gone and brought You-Know-Who back by leading Harry Potter right to him. Naturally, the first thing You-Know-Who is going to do is get back is most loyal followers, the Lestranges — her sister. Lyra wouldn't be surprised if he just went and got Bellatrix out. You-Know-Who for as long as Lyra could remember (back then he used to be the husband of their family friend — Mr. Riddle, her sisters and herself would call him) had always been a bit intrigued by Bellatrix. Perhaps, border-line obsessed. Lyra would even go as far to say, he loves Bellatrix if she didn't know that the man was incapable of feeling love. At least, that's what his late wife, Esrom Trelawney would always say. Esrom was also the reason You-Know-Who was obsessed with Bellatrix. Lyra was young, she couldn't have been older than two, Bellatrix had just gotten back from her first year at Hogwarts and she only remembers two things about that day. One being Bellatrix had been so excited to see Maeve Macleod more than her own sisters and the other being Esrom Trelawney pinning Bellatrix to the wall, this look of anguished anger on her face as she had slipped into a trance and spoke in rhymes and a weird voice about something Bellatrix was going to do one day. Lyra could not for the life of her remember any of what Esrom had said but, when You-Know-Who had come upon the scene, she told him something else. Once again, Lyra doesn't remember what she told him but she remembers it wasn't what she had predicted minutes before. It was shorter. It made him, a grown ass man, give his complete trust and respect to an eleven-year-old girl. Perhaps, if it hadn't been for Esrom's words, he wouldn't have looked Bellatrix's way; You-Know-Who heavily relied on the Seer. Everything that Esrom ever said, You-Know-Who hung onto every word. Lyra curses angrily, slamming around potions ingredients. That stupid bitch! From the corner of her eye, she sees Neville flinch. Pathetic, he's on the opposite side of the room, like she could hurt from where she's standing, she hasn't got her wand. Brushing her blonde curls from her eyes, her stomach churns violently as she realises there will be another war. All thanks to Aurelia, who just had to be the 'good person' and share that bloody cup with Diggory and Harry. Lyra stirs the potion angrily, watching Neville shuffle around her living quarters thinking loudly about Aurelia. Thinking about how seeing Aurelia's limp and possibly dead body was the worse thing he's ever seen. He's seen worse, Lyra knows that well, he just can't remember because he's got a shit memory. If he could remember, he'd know that the worse thing he'd ever seen is his parents being tortured and then being tortured by Gwendoline Goyle. Lyra sneers, he always thinks about that little brat, she crushes up some beetle wings, it's disgusting. Aurelia this and Aurelia that, Lyra scowls, he's starting to sound like Remus and Bellatrix now. God, she hates being this boy's godmother. She wasn't supposed to be his godmother but, her bloody sister had went and got herself thrown in Azkaban and for torturing his parents no less. Or rather, she took the blame for it. It had really been Gwendoline in her place. When the group had been caught she had fled with Crouch Jr. but unlike him, Gwen had managed to get away. The Aurors assumed that it was Bellatrix after only catching a fleeting glimpse of her and they went looking for her instead. When they caught her, she had almost went peacefully but, one of the Aurors had tried to bring Elias and Aurelia into and Bellatrix lost it, killing him which only made the situation worse. When she was there in holding, she confessed that she did it, only telling Dumbledore the truth because somehow he knew she didn't do it. He said he'd get her out of the charges in return for any information she had on You-Know-Who, she gave some (Lyra knows it wasn't everything she knew even if she said it was, Bellatrix would never help Dumbledore that much) but, insisted that she must be sent to Azkaban to keep You-Know-Who's complete trust. She did it to protect Aurelia. Bellatrix had been Neville's real godmother. Augusta, refusing to let Neville know that, made Lyra his cover-up godmother. She should've asked Andromeda, she would've enjoyed being Neville godmother. So Lyra's stuck with the brat while her sister rots in prison like she deserves and Neville's parents rot in St. Mungo's which is what they deserve for letting Remus trust Bellatrix and letting Marlene die. "Ly — Lyra?" Neville whimpers, "Do you think Ari is — is back yet?" Lyra grips the stirring stick tightly, thoughts of beating him with it cross her mind but, she holds back by reminding herself that he'll be going back to Augusta's soon and she can't leave a mark. She shudders, if Augusta ever found out about the things she did to boy, she'd be worse off than Alice and Frank. Neville flinches at the deadly look she gives him, holding his possibly sprained wrist close to his chest. Away from further harm. Rolling her eyes, Lyra replies: "She's not coming back. She's gone for the rest of the year." She's with Remus, Lyra tenses at the thought of him. The thought of him being with a 'family' that's not with Lyra in it. She hates Aurelia, she's a deadly child, a cursed child but, no one but her seems to realise this. Neville frowns. Arrogant boy, Lyra thinks, he's got no idea what he's gotten himself into. He thinks he knows but he doesn't. He doesn't even know half of it. Aurelia Black is a child smothered in lies and prophecies of death and good-doings — Lyra's not to sure on what the prophecy says but, she knows there is one. It's trouble, she knows that much, not as much as Harry's prophecy. But, Lyra reckons if You-Know-Who heard Aurelia's prophecy, she'd probably earn a spot right next to Harry on his kill list. "She'll be all — alright, won't — won't she?" Lyra sighs exasperatedly "Who cares." His chest puffs out slightly and Lyra knows that he wants to defend Aurelia but, it deflates just as quickly and he keeps quiet. I care, he thinks fiercely. Neville doesn't dare speak that out loud because he knows Lyra would hit him for it. Everyone around Lyra seemed to care about Aurelia, they know how much she hates that child. Neville should know best of all, she made sure to teach him to hate her, to blame her for what happened to his parents and then he goes out and befriends the girl. He has the audacity to become best friends with Aurelia. He had the audacity to fall in love with her, arrogant boy. He thinks he knows better, that he knows Aurelia best of all but, he'll learn soon enough that she's trouble. The longer she forces Aurelia to keep the truth from Neville, the easier it'll be to convince Neville that she's been lying to him this entire time. It's the only way she can make Neville hate Aurelia. Merlin knows, he won't hate her for being Bellatrix's daughter, so Lyra must make it seem like Aurelia had lied about it. Adding some Acromantula Venom to the potion, Lyra says: "Neville . . . Be a dear and pass me the African Red Pepper over there" Neville pulls a face at her oddly sweet tone but, does it nevertheless. The last thing he needs is to make her angry again. Lyra stirs in the pepper, giving him a dirty look. "Head back to your common room now." She says flatly. "Oh," Neville blinks, "Okay." He then scrambles out of her living quarters, Lyra sneers, stupid little boy. Lyra sighs once the door shuts, she looks over the ingredients she had Neville grab for her to make sure they were the correct ones. Snape's always going about how incompetent Neville is at potions, to her surprise, they're right. Well, this certainly makes her job so much easier and more entertaining. Not to mention, she'll be able to shut Snape up with this. That greasy-haired git is always getting on her nerves, she loathes him. He's constantly belittling Harry for being nothing more than a constant reminder of — oh, Sirius is right. Shit! ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It's almost been a week since everything happened. There hasn't been any good days, only days and bad days. Today, Aurelia supposes, is a really bad day. Her nightmares plagued her through out the night, memories of all the horrible things that have happened to her only with even more horrible twists on them. In the morning, Aurelia had woken up disoriented and still tired but, believing that all those nightmares had just been that. Nightmares. That's how most of the bad days start, she wakes up believing that most of it wasn't real. And then, it all comes crashing down on her all at once. It was real. She's no longer a Malfoy. She's no longer a Pureblood and she had been bit by a werewolf but, she's not one. Her Donum Vitae had burned away the Lycanthropy gene from her body believing that it was something that could kill her. However, the Donum Vitae couldn't nor wouldn't get rid of the scars so the bite mark remained. Mae had managed to conceal the bite mark into claw marks. Aurelia technically doesn't remember being bitten not because Mae or anyone took it from her memories but, because she genuinely though the werewolf had scratched her stomach. So, Aurelia guesses she understands why Mae kept that from her, what was the point of telling her she was bit if Mae knew she wasn't going to become a werewolf. The only reason Mae had told her now was because Aurelia wanted to see what she really looked like (which wasn't much different, she's just more freckly and she's got Mae's green eyes) and in order to do that Mae had to take off that concealment charm that hid both her scars and eyes. But, just because Aurelia doesn't remember doesn't mean it stops her from having nightmares about it. She has nightmares about the fact her mother is now Bellatrix and her father is Remus. In these nightmares everything about the situation gets worse. Don't get her wrong wrong, she loves Remus as a father but she just can't believe Remus is her biological father. Her sleeping brain loves to prey on that fact. Even her normal brain loves to prey on her misgivings about being Remus' biological daughter. It just doesn't make sense as to why Bellatrix would really do it, what would she have gained by doing it? She was already the most loyal Death-Eater in Voldemort's eyes, she had nothing to prove, nothing to gain. Maybe Aurelia's just paranoid but, something's fishy about it. And then the worst of it all, Cedric is dead. The worst nightmare of all, it's worse than everything that's ever happened to her. It gets worse everyday. Every time she has the nightmare, she wakes up thinking that it's not real, it can't be real. And then she realises that it is. He's really gone. It doesn't just happen when she wakes up, sometimes this happens during the day when she thinks of something Cedric would love to see or hear and she thinks of writing to him. Then, Aurelia realises, he's dead. He can't write her back. The weight of it all, Cedric's death, her entire identity being a lie, and Voldemort returning, feels bone-crushing at times. Some days these realisations hit her so hard, it feels like her lungs are giving out and she's not sure how she can face them. How can she face them when she knows she'll never see or hear from Cedric again. How can she go on knowing that it's her fault that Cedric is dead. It she hadn't been a Donum Vitae then the Killing Curse wouldn't have burned right through her, it would have just hit her and Cedric might still be alive now. It's later in the afternoon now, Aurelia's feeling a bit better than she did this morning. By better, she means she doesn't really feel anything at all. Mae's in the drawing room of Almerry Castle, she's trying to make it seem like she's giving Aurelia space but, the door to that room is wide open which is something Mae never did before. Aurelia sits in the library, just down the hall from the drawing room. She's reading a bunch of different books about Blood Magic and Donum Vitaes. Aurelia is quickly realising not much is know about Donum Vitaes, everything is mostly theories or a myth. It's theorised that some Donum Vitaes can use their bond without an incantation if a biological family member dies giving them the bond, it doesn't explain why it happens though. This theory seems to be true in Aurelia's case, the two times her Donum Vitae worked in the graveyard, she had no clue what she was doing and she had no idea what the incantation was until today. There's so much to discover about Donum Vitaes and Aurelia thinks it'd be great to learn all about it, however it wouldn't be good. What would be good is bringing Cedric back. She found out how, she found the incantation for it and she found a dagger to give her blood for it. It must've been her mother's dagger, Bellatrix's dagger. It's a life for a life. She wonders if she'll be able to do it since she technically can't die. At least not the way that the spells requires her to die. To willingly die. As a Donum Vitae she cannot die if she knows she's going to die (old age is the exception, and if Bellatrix or Mae or Remus decide to up and kill her one day) so it might be impossible for her to bring back Cedric. Perhaps, her Donum Vitae will sense that she's trying to make her own Donum Vitae and make another exception. Aurelia can bloody well try. She's got to for Cedric. She drags the dagger across the palm of her palm, hissing at the pain and also relishing in it. It felt kind of nice to feel something for once, Aurelia shakes her head at that thought, reminding herself that she's got a task at hand. Hey, that's a pun! She can't help but think as her body shakes with nerves, she almost laughs. She shakes her head again, telling herself to focus. Opening her mouth to say the incantation, she barely has time to speak the first word when she's interrupted by Mae. "My Donum Vitae went off — oh, are ye practicin' Blood Magic?" Mae says, not realising exactly what Aurelia's up to just yet, "Wee moon, ye don't need to slice yer palm like that. Most Blood Magic only requires a little blood. Ye wouldn't believe the amount of times I got on Trix's case for slicing her palm. It's unnecessary and dramatic and — don't cry, I'm not mad at ye for practicin' it, ye just need to be careful with where ye cut yerself, ye never need to draw that much blood for half of it." Aurelia sobs hysterically as Mae lightly scolds her for slicing her palm, she's got no idea about what she was about to do, she's got no idea how badly Aurelia wants to die just to bring Cedric back. Mae moves closer, her eyes widen when she spots the spell Aurelia was using. Aurelia expects her to yell but, she doesn't. Instead, Mae helps her stand and leads her to the closest bathroom. "I was needin' to talk to ye anyway," Mae says as she cleans out Aurelia's wound, "I found someone . . . Someone for ye to talk to. He's a therapist, he works with both Muggles and wizards alike. He's a Squib like me, he's really nice." "I don't want to go." Aurelia says shakily, "I don't need a therapist!" Mae cups Aurelia's cheek with a damp hand "You need help." Aurelia can't argue that, her shoulders slump. "You were goin' to give a Donum Vitae, lookin' like it was nothin'. I know ye know that means ye would die. Ye didn't even bat any eyelash until I started talkin' to ye. I don't want to ban ye from learnin' about who ye are and what ye are part of but, if ye pull that again I will take those books back." "I want — I just want Cedric back." "I know, wee moon, but ye can't give yer life for him. How would he feel comin' back to find ye died for him?" "He died thinking I did give my life for him!" Mae frowns, wrapping up Aurelia's palm "Wee moon, I understand how ye feel. But, ye can't do it. Please don't do it." "Cedric died because of me!" Aurelia screams, ripping her hand away from Mae, "I have a chance to bring him back and you're telling me not to take it?!" Aurelia leans against the wall, sliding down to the ground as she cries. For the first time in Mae's life, she doesn't know how to comfort Aurelia. How can Mae comfort Aurelia when she would've done the same thing. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ So, here Aurelia sits in a small office three hours away from her home in small office just off the side of a house. Mae wouldn't leave her alone after her breakdown earlier that afternoon. The sun is setting now and Aurelia's surprised that man didn't turn them away when they showed up. Mae's talking to a man that reminds Aurelia of Remus, minus the scars and the man looks a bit more unkempt. But, he seems just as friendly. Aurelia hopes so, the therapists she had seen in Muggle movies always intimidated her. There's a red, black, and white snake wrapped around his wrist, he's tall and lanky, and his clothes are lightly coloured, his got thick rectangular glasses on his sharp face, that's framed by brunet curls. He smiles brightly as Mae talks to him. Mae told her that she was talking her to see a therapist but, and Aurelia doesn't want to sound rude, he doesn't look like a therapist. They exchange a few more words, the man nods at Mae and heads over to Aurelia, bringing the snake with him. Aurelia tenses, she hates snakes. Oh, Merlin, I hope it's not a Garter snake! He stops in front of her, smiling brightly as he extends his snake hand "Hello, I'm Dr. Atticus Archer!" Aurelia gives the snake a wary glance "Er . . . Hi." Dr. Atticus Archer seems to realises he's given her the wrong hand to shake, he blushes, retracting it in exchange for his other hand "Hello, I'm Dr. Atticus Archer!" Aurelia shakes his hand, she didn't expect therapists to be like this. Maybe, it won't be too terrible. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ [author's note: I listened to Therapy by All Time Low while writing this, there are tear stains on all the pages of this chapter. The chapter was another wild ride oops I'm sorry for that! Okay so I don't really know how a therapy session goes because I never really made it past my first therapy session (which was awkward as fuck) so I'm looking into it before I actually write one. I just wanted to introduce Atticus Archer, my soft snake boi who will be very important to Aurelia later in the series. Fun Fact: Lyra had Neville help her with the potion she's using to destroy his relationship with Aurelia! Thanks for reading I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter! P.S: I am aware that I am not using 'arrogant' in exactly the right context, I do know what it means, I am using it because that is what Lyra often calls Neville and Lyra doesn't really understand the meaning of it because she is a Dumb™ Bitch™! ]
THERAPY, AURELIA RECKONS, ISN'T THE WORST THING. She certainly doesn't hate it and she reckons that it could even help her eventually. The problem is she doesn't always want to talk about the things that happened to her on every single appointment and that's pretty much what therapy is. Of course, she could be wrong, the only reason she knew what therapy was is from matching Muggle shows and movies. Her views on therapy hadn't been exactly positive going into it. Her first session hadn't been anything like she expected, it was nothing how it went in the movies nor does Aurelia think it's how it's supposed to go at all. Judging by Dr. Archer's face, he hadn't expected her to do what she had done and that is, spill everything right on the spot for two hours straight without letting him get a word in edgewise. But, she felt quite good afterwards — not happy, rather, she felt lighter. Aurelia had just left her fourth session with the man and she could say that she quite liked him. But, she found the last two session had been rather horrid, Dr. Archer did most of the talking during them and she had left it feeling stuck again. Her first two sessions, Aurelia did most of the talking. Her first one didn't happen in the most professional setting, it happened in the empty waiting room (Aurelia's not sure what to call it because it's not really a waiting room, there's only three bloody chairs in there but, she can't really call it anything else) and in front of Mae. It's no fault of Dr. Archer's, it's just that Aurelia wouldn't shut up. She's not even sure that Dr. Archer was going to give her a session that night, He had come over, greeted her and then began to give her a rundown of what Therapy is since he must've known that she didn't really know what it is and half way through his rundown she just snapped. Aurelia spilled everything that happened this year, every incident, every feeling, everything. When she take a breath, he'd go "Why don't we —" but he'd never be able to finish the sentence because she'd continue on with her story. This happened about three times before Dr. Archer finally gave up on trying to get her into the office. It may not have been the most professional session and Dr. Archer couldn't really do much to help her that time around, by the time she had finished ranting the sun was set and his office had long since been closed. He asked a few questions that flew over her head at the time and then he told them to come back the next morning for another session. On the way back to Almerry Island, they stopped at McDonald's and Aurelia got fries and an ice cream — Elliot would be so jealous when he finds out. Aurelia managed to find a semblance of happiness when she had sat with Mae in the fast-food place, it had been quite peaceful even if the feeling was short-lived. The next session wasn't as good as the first, Aurelia's quite sure it was because Dr. Archer went from that lanky, awkward, blushy man who talks to his snake (whose name is Bambi, like that cartoon deer!) to the tall lean professional who keeps a calm face no matter what she tells him. Reminding her greatly of the therapists from Muggle movies and ultimately intimidating her. She still spilled her guts but, there had been times where Dr. Archer's calm face had caught her off guard and she would pause for a few moments. In those few moments he would ask her questions, the questions varied depending on what they were talking about. Some of the questions Aurelia had a hard time answering, which is something Aurelia assumes she's going to have to work on. By her third session, she had run out of things to say and the session had relied heavily on Dr. Archer and his questions. Aurelia realised that therapy is a lot different then what she had seen on T.V. It's not as easy as some made it seem and it's not as hard as others made it seem. She's also learned that sometimes therapy doesn't help and she hopes that won't happen in her case, she really needs this to work. Her fourth session had by far been the worst. She couldn't think of anything to talk about and she couldn't seem to answer any of Dr. Archer's questions. Even though she had just started therapy not even two weeks ago, part of Aurelia is ready to give up. Which isn't like her, she's usually a very hardworking person; for example: she once spent a whole year on creating a spell. Yet here she is, barely starting this thing and already willing to just quit. It's really not like her but, she's just so tired all the time. But, she tries her best to keep going. How could she give up when Mae is so proud of her for trying. It's not like Aurelia will disappoint Mae, at least she hopes not, it's just that she'd rather not see that beaming smile be wiped off Mae's face if Aurelia told her she wanted to give up. Mae's so happy that she agreed to go get help, she always picks up Aurelia after therapy and she's always smiling and giving her a strawberry milkshake from McDonald's. Today for example, Mae smiles brightly, a strawberry milkshake in her hand as she greets Aurelia who's just exited Dr. Archer's office. Mae hands over the milkshake, asking Aurelia how therapy went. Aurelia tells her it went fine, lying through a smile as she sips on her milkshake. Mae turns on her car, telling Aurelia that they're needed at the Burrow. At first Aurelia thinks it's because they've got to pick up Elliot. The official Hogwarts school year had come to an end the previous day and as usual Elliot had went to the Burrow for the night instead of returning to Almerry Castle. Then Mae says that Dumbledore has something to discuss with the lot of them. Mae laughs heartily at the frown that had made itself known on Aurelia's face at the mention of Dumbledore "I know exactly how ye feel, love. Dumbledore's a wee shady bitch, if ye ask me." "Did he know — Dumbledore — did he know that Esrom Riddle or Trelawney predicted that I might die?" "Yes, he knew. All of the staff knew. I couldn't have them accidentally tell you. Or in the case of Lyra and Snape, make a snide comment." Mae says, "So, it says on your student file that you are to referred to as a Malfoy or Black." "Wouldn't the Donum Vitae have protected me?" Mae taps the steering wheel "Well, as ye know, it only protects ye if yer brain knows yer goin' to die. That's the case for yer Donum Vitae anyway, when Esrom predicted that you would die in that circumstance, Bellatrix assumed that it meant ye would die a death that yer Donum Vitae didn't see coming." "Oh, so he knew." Aurelia mumbles faintly. In other words, Dumbledore was going to tell her that her mother was Bellatrix Lestrange knowing there was a good chance she could die. The worst part is, he obviously didn't know for sure that she was a Donum Vitae and he wasn't thinking that the Donum Vitae could save her from her fate if he told her. And, by the looks of it, Lyra saved her by telling her what she did. "Aye, I just — are ye alright, ye look a little pale there." "That's because I am pale." Aurelia says sarcastically, a little defensively. She doesn't need Mae to know what Dumbledore did, would she even believe her? It's one thing to call him a shady bitch but, it's another to say that he put her life at stake. Mae gives her a look "That's not what I meant, wee moon." "Aye, I'm fine, mum." Since, it's been revealed that Mae's technically her biological mum, Aurelia's been calling her just that. Of course, she could've called Mae that all along, Aurelia had just been too scared to do it all the time and apparently Mae didn't want to pressure Aurelia into calling her anything. So, neither had really said anything on the matter. Nothing had changed in their relationship, the fact they now shared blood merely gave Aurelia the courage to start calling Mae her mum whenever she could. Mae doesn't look too convinced but, she doesn't press the subject "If ye say so . . . We'll be goin' to Travis' Inn to use the Floo Network to get to the Burrow." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The inn as usual is packed, a little more packed than usual but, Aurelia could just be imagining it. Her nerves are shot from therapy and today had just been an all around shitty day and it left her feeling nervous but, and this is the worst part of it, she can't pin point what's making her nervous. Yes, maybe it just feels more crowded 'cause you're nervous, Aurelia tells herself, or maybe it's because everybody is staring at you like a bloody fucking creep! She swallows thickly, trying to hide behind Mae but, it's no use. Mae's nearly a foot shorter than Aurelia, however, the fierce glare on Mae's face does make up for it. Some people look away, others turn to their partners or friends and begin to whisper about her. They think she's a liar, an attention-seeker, and worst of all, they think she's a murderer. The Daily Prophet is going around slandering herself, Dumbledore, and Harry. A whole lot of folks are bloody pissed that they're saying that Voldemort is back. The paper has gone around saying that the lot of them are liars and delusional. And twice they have said Aurelia killed Cedric. Once they said she had killed him on purpose then the next time they said it was on accident and that Dumbledore was saying it was Voldemort to cover the true crime up. The crowd parts as Travis Calderwood comes strutting forward. Travis is the owner of the inn and he's rather popular on Almerry Island, he's been running the inn since he turned seventeen. The island seems to collectively love him, Aurelia doesn't think anyone hates Travis, if someone did she wouldn't be able to understand how they could. He's a wonderful man even with his cocky nature, he's a bloody charismatic bloke that knows how to gather a crowd as well as get a crowd to shut the fuck up. Travis spots the problem immediately, telling the crowd without hesitation that the next person who so much as looks at Aurelia wrong will get kicked out. It does the trick and the crowd quickly goes back to their prior activities. "Awright there, Macleod an' Black! What can I help ye wit' on this fine evenin'?" Travis greets them, flashing them his signature charming smirk. Mae gives him a fond smile "Just here for the Floo, laddie." "Ah, well right this way, Little Red!" Travis says, making a path for them to get through the pub area, "Ye do need tae stop by sometime soon, Little Red. My wee lass keeps askin' 'round for ye. She misses her favourite aunt." Travis is referring to his seven-year-old daughter, Matilda, who happens to be Mae's niece. Her mother is one of Mae's younger sisters that didn't really talk to Mae but, her mother's no longer in the picture, she'd run away because she couldn't handle the responsibility of being a mother. Aurelia had only met Matilda a handful of times, one could definitely tell that she was a Macleod with her bright red curls, her spitfire nature, and short stature. "I miss the wee tyke too but, I can't make any promises, there's a lot goin' on right now an' I can tell that the rest of this summer will be no different." Mae says. "Er, right." Travis clamps a large, calloused hand on Aurelia's shoulder as Mae looks around for the Floo Powder which is never where it should be, "Hey, Black, uh . . . Sorry that yer ex turned out to be a Death-Eater, that must really suck!" There's an awkward pause, Mae stares almost darkly as if to say 'if she cries then you're dead meat'. Travis looks to be reevaluating most of his life choices and Aurelia stares at him, unblinking and unsure how to feel about that remark. "That sounded a lot better in my head . . . Like a lot better in my head." Travis says, awkwardly scratching the back of his neck awkwardly. Aurelia shrugs, deciding that the remark doesn't really bother her because it does suck but she's concerned on how he knows that Noelle was her ex — he knew the whole time! — shut up! The only way he could know is if — he was on her side, he betrayed — shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Aurelia wipes her sweaty palms on her shorts, he can't be on Gwendoline Goyle's side, that's ridiculous! You're ridiculous! But — Mae subtly brushes Travis' hand off Aurelia's shoulder, noticing her daughter's distress at once. Even if she couldn't clearly see the look of fear on Aurelia's face, she could feel it through their Donum Vitae bond, the only problem was Mae couldn't access it, not to point that she would be able to if she wasn't a Squib. She wishes she could so she could tell what is causing Aurelia such distress. Aurelia digs her fingernails into her palms. What if Travis is bad, what if you can't trust him, what if — you are being ridiculous, stop it. Stop it. Her heart races, her bony knees are shaking so badly they're banging together, sounding like chattering teeth but, duller. How did he know that? She hardly remembers telling Mae that, she's not even sure if she did tell Mae. You must've. Aurelia thinks hard, there's no way that Travis would betray her, you must've told Mae at some point. You must've. You must've. In Remus's kitchen — her dad's kitchen, after everything had settled down. Lyall — her grandfather, had asked something and Aurelia had turned into a blubbering mess and she said lots of things she couldn't exactly remember saying at the moment. She must've said something about it then. Mae hands Aurelia some Floo Powder and once they've said their goodbyes, mostly apologies on Travis' part, the two of them are headed to the Burrow. Once there, Mae and Aurelia are greeted by Arthur and Molly. Molly is bustling around the kitchen, trying to get dinner ready and Arthur is pouring himself a cup of tea, he looks like he's just gotten home from work. Arthur greets them politely, offering them a spot of tea. While, Mae says yes, Aurelia shakes her head no, she doesn't think her stomach can handle tea at the moment. He asks Aurelia how she's doing but Aurelia finds herself choking on her words so Mae answers for her, telling him that she's doing fairly well. "You look a little pale dear." Molly points out, "Would you like a glass of water?" "Oh, s — s — so now you — you care." Aurelia stammers, her anxiousness turning into anger as she refers to how Molly treated her in the Hospital Wing. However, Molly doesn't seem to understand what Aurelia's referring to and she gives Aurelia a confused look but, Aurelia doesn't respond. Aurelia can't respond, she barely managed to get that petty remark out. Of course, Molly cares and deep down Aurelia knows that but right now any logical thought that Aurelia has is smothered by anger, bitterness, or sadness. At the moment, it's all three. She crosses her shaky arms over her heaving chest, scowling as her gaze comes to rest on the floor. Molly clears her throat, off put by Aurelia's behaviour then informs Mae that Dumbledore should be arriving shortly. Arthur looks between Aurelia, Molly, and Mae as he sips on his tea and wonders just what the teenager was referring to. Aurelia is never snide with Molly, unprovoked. If Aurelia snaps at Molly, it's usually because Molly had said something to Mae that she didn't agree with. As much as Arthur didn't like the tone Aurelia had used with his wife, he can't find it in his heart to tell her off for it. "You look like you can use some fresh air, Blue." Arthur says, "Ginny and the boys are out in the backyard playing a game of Quidditch if you want to join them." "I — well, that sounds nice and all, Mr. Weasley but, I think I'd rather visit with Percy." Aurelia says, Percy's room would be much calmer than a Quidditch game, "He is — isn't busy, is he?" Arthur tenses up before shaking his head "Percy got held back at work today, he's not home yet." Aurelia frowns "Oh." Turning on her heel, she heads towards the backdoor. She can hear the sounds of a very rough Quidditch game going on and Elliot's obnoxiously loud laughter. It's then that Aurelia realises just how much she missed the wanker, it had been awfully lonely at Almerry Castle without him there. Stepping out into the backyard, Aurelia can see Elliot landing his broom with his back turned to George who's up in the air, flipping him off for whatever reason. Fred is just barely hovering off the ground as he chats with Ron and Ginny who are sitting in the grass. Fred is the first to spot her and he lands his broom clumsily and sprint across the yard to hug her. "Blue!" Fred lets out a cry of relief, picking her up and spinning her around. When he sets her down the others pull her into a group hug, unaware of her racing heart. Her mouth runs dry, her breath catches in her throat and she feels trapped. All the Weasleys are saying things to her, the words just sound like noisy chatter to her. Finally, they pull away much to Aurelia's relief. Ginny slaps her shoulder, a jolt of panic and surprise runs up Aurelia's spine, why was she being hit, what did she do wrong? "You didn't respond to any of Neville's letter! We had no way to know if you were alright, all we had was Elliot who's a shite source ("Hey! Am not!") by the way — you are too, you tosser!" Ginny says, placing her hands on her hips, "What happened?" Aurelia flinches away from Ginny, green eyes going wide and her lower lip juts out as it trembles. Aurelia struggles to hold back her tears that are burning her eyes, images of Gwendoline's sneering face and the flash of green light bombard her mind. Stop. Stop. Stop. Cedric's horrified, dead-eyed expression, that graveyard, Gwendoline's laugh — stop. Stop. Stop. "Why don't we play another round of Quidditch?!" Elliot exclaims, laughing nervously as he shoves his broom into Aurelia's hands. She clings to the wooden handle, nails digging into the scratchy surface as she tries to steady her breathing. Aurelia needs to calm down, she really needs to play Quidditch, she wants to play it. In a year's time she'll be Quidditch Captain and she needs all the practice she can get if Cedric — her stomach churns violently and her knees grow weak as the image of Cedric's dead body invades her mind once more. Cedric had promised to make her Quidditch Captain once he graduated in a years time but now he's not going to get to graduate because you failed to save him. There's no Quidditch Captain now, there's no Cedric because of you. Fred nudges her "Come on, Blue, let's go." His words fly over her head "Huh?" "Don't you wanna play?" "Huh — Huh? Oh, aye . . Aye, I do wanna play." Aurelia says sluggishly, throwing her leg of the broom Elliot had given her. She hesitates, feeling a wee bit dizzy before pushing herself off the ground, "Let's go bitches." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ They hardly get to play for an hour before Molly's beckoning them inside because Dumbledore has arrived to share whatever important news he has with them. It's not just Dumbledore who's arrived, Remus — oh wait! Her dad! — and, unfortunately, Lyra had accompanied him as well. Dumbledore goes on to explain that the Weasleys along with the Macleods are to into what he basically describes as hiding. "You've got to be fucking kidding me!" Elliot mutters after Dumbledore mentions something called Grimmauld Place. The place where her mother, aunts, and cousins grew up in outside of their summers at Almerry Castle. Dumbledore mentions the Order of the Phoenix and Aurelia perks up, she's heard of that before from Lyra and Mae. It was a very hush-hush organisation that was dedicated to taking Voldemort the fuck out during the first Wizarding War. He says something about order meetings taking place there as well to which Molly makes a disgruntled noise at. Dumbledore quickly reassures her that the children won't be allowed in these said meetings to which the children groan irritatedly at; the loudest being Aurelia. Dumbledore says some other things that Aurelia doesn't listen to. She's turned her attention to Mae, staring at her with all her might, hoping that Mae will tell her whatever goes on in those meetings. From the corner of her eye, she sees Elliot trying to do the same thing. Aurelia's quite sure that Mae will, there's no good reason for her not to. Mae doesn't like keeping Aurelia and Elliot in the dark unless she absolutely has to, Aurelia's learned that much in the past few weeks. If it hadn't been for the fact Aurelia would die for knowing that her mother is Bellatrix, Mae would've told her. She's been pretty truthful ever since. So, unless these meetings are a threat to their lives, Mae will probably tell Aurelia and Elliot what they're about. She will riot if anyone tries to keep her in the dark again. The discussion lasts a few minutes longer, it ends with Dumbledore telling the Weasleys to pack as quickly as possible then he leaves. Remus and Lyra stay behind to help the Weasleys gather their belongings. Mae tells Aurelia and Elliot they don't have to worry about packing just yet as they won't be going to Grimmauld Place until next friday. However, they're still sent upstairs to help the others pack. Elliot groans and Aurelia swears under her breath as they trudge up the stairs, they had questions they had wanted to ask Mae. Lyra saunters over to Mae once all the children had ventured upstairs and the Weasley parents along with Remus had busied themselves elsewhere. "Have you told her yet?" Lyra whispers in Mae's ear as she slips into Mae's mind "Oh, you haven't yet." Lyra frowns, as she always does, when she get to the subtle barrier withholding some of Mae's memories. The memories she witnesses are slightly off, so slightly that perhaps, if someone else who's not Lyra, happened to enter Mae's mind, they wouldn't even notice the barrier is there. Mae grits her teeth, giving Lyra a brooding look "Get out of my head, Lyra — exactly what are ye talkin' about? What haven't I told her?" "Well, Bellatrix's innocence for starters!" Lyra hisses, sneering. "No." Mae says bluntly, "Now stay the bloody hell out of my head!" "Why haven't you told her?" Lyra wonders, purely out of curiosity, why on Earth would Mae make her plans so easy? Why isn't she jumping at her chance to tell Aurelia about Bellatrix's innocence. "There's hardly any proof. Remember, Dumbledore altered the Lestranges and Crouch's memories, the attested that Bellatrix was there. Bellatrix insisted that she was guilty. Goyle would quite literally die before admitting to anyone even rid — You-Know-Who, that it was her who tortured Alice, Frank, and Neville. There's no proof I can provide Aurelia with. She'd never believe it." Mae says then chuckles faintly, "Even if I provided proof, she still wouldn't believe it, my stubborn girl." Mae frowns, rubbing her forearms "I wanted to tell her but, Sirius said it wouldn't be right to tell her, it'd be too much for her. Sirius is right, for her to know that Bellatrix is innocent would be too much, whether she believed it or not, there'd be apart of her who'd want to believe it and a part of her that would want to stick by Neville and think Bellatrix is guilty. It isn't fair to keep it from Aurelia but it's not right to tell her when she'd be the only one who knows. I'm not tellin' her until Neville and Augusta —" "You are not telling them! I am not telling them. I will never do that, Bellatrix made her bed so she can bloody well lie in it!" The two women glare fiercely at each other, Lyra is the first to back down. She turns away from the redhead, wondering how exactly she could use this information against Aurelia. Just how badly would it mess with her if Lyra happened to let this story slip? Lyra knows that it messed up Neville pretty bad when he accidentally found out for all of twenty minutes before Lyra had to erase that from his memories. Then again Neville was only eight when he overheard that conversation between Lyra and Dumbledore. Back then, Neville had been even more weak and emotional and he ended up crying and yelling about how it wasn't fair that someone innocent was locked in Azkaban. He had similar views about Sirius but, Lyra had never once seen him cry or yell over Sirius. He felt very strongly about the fact that an innocent — Bellatrix wasn't innocent, she just wasn't guilty of torturing his parents — woman was locked in such a horrible place. Perhaps, Lyra shouldn't have filled his head with all those horror stories of that prison, and maybe, just maybe, his reaction wouldn't have been so bad and she would've been able to erase his memories quicker. In that way, Lyra supposes, Neville is just like that parents. Always so ready to stand for justice. However, unlike his stupid parents, he rarely had the guts to fight for the justice. Alice and Frank had fought for justice for Sirius throughout November up until they were attacked; they wanted to get him the trial they bloody well though he deserved. They'd be right fuming if they found out Bellatrix had got her ass thrown in Azkaban for a crime she didn't commit. Only, Bellatrix did deserve to be in that horrid place. Despite what Mae and Sirius think, what Neville had thought, and what Alice and Frank would think, Bellatrix deserved to rot in Azkaban, she didn't deserve any justice. Lyra glances up the stairwell, wondering what Aurelia would think on that matter. Smirking, Lyra decides she'll have to find out one day soon. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ An hour or so into their packing, Aurelia hears Ron groan "Bloody hell, Percy's home!" Aurelia peeks out of Ginny's room, Ron's standing at the top of the stairs with a very displeased look on his face. "He's late." Ginny says, coming to look as well. "You lot look more displeased by Percy's presence than usual." Aurelia remarks, "Why?" "We only got to see him for a little last night, he stayed cooped up in his room. Dad says he's been doing that a lot lately, he says it's been pretty tense 'round here lately because Dad thinks Percy's siding with the Ministry, he thinks that Percy doesn't believe that You-Know-Who is back." Ron explains. "Oh." Aurelia says in a small voice, "Does that — does that mean Percy thinks I — I — I murdered Ced — Ced — Cedric?" "Er . . . No, I don't think Percy would ever do such a thing." Ron says, hesitating because he really doesn't know the answer. "He's supposed to be the smart one." Ginny says, "He wouldn't believe that bullshit." There's a sinking feeling in Aurelia's stomach. Yes, Percy's smart but, the Ministry is smarter and they're biased. They hate her because of her parents. One's a Death-Eater and the other's a werewolf. Of course, they're tacking the blame on her instead of Potter and, of course, Percy will believe it, he'll believe anything if it means he can get somewhere in his job. Aurelia just hopes he doesn't believe it. She ventures downstairs despite Ron and Ginny telling her not to. Peering over the stair bannister, Aurelia looks down at the first floor. Molly and Arthur are staring at Percy with unreadable expressions, Lyra is repressing a laugh, Remus is looking around wearily, and Mae is giving Molly and Arthur a warning look. Percy is beaming with pride and a hint of smugness but, the smile is shrinking with every passing second of silence. "What's going on?" Aurelia asks, gripping the bannister tightly. I didn't do it, she want to tell Percy but, in a way, she did do it; just not how the Ministry is saying. "Percy turns on his heel, beaming up at her "I was promoted!" "That — that's great!" It's suspicious! Percy deserved that promotion a long time ago yet, they're only giving it to him now when they've decided to make Dumbledore their target and Percy's father has obviously sided with Dumbledore. It's a lot suspicious. They couldn't give the promotion to Arthur because they knew he'd turn it down so they gave it to Percy because they knew it was something he was working hard to get and he would never dream of saying no to it. And, she's not the only one who thinks this. Aurelia can tell by the look on everyone's face, with the exception of Percy, that they're all thinking the same bloody thing. Aurelia forces a smile on her face, she shouldn't say anything. She should let Percy have this moment, he still worked very hard for it. Whether or not, he only got the promotion because the Ministry wants to use him for information, Percy still deserved that promotion and the Ministry should have given it to him for his hard work instead. "Con — congrats, Perce — Percy. You deserve it." "Thank you." Percy says, then begins to ramble about all his hard work. He turns to his parent, looking at them, clearly awaiting some kind of praise. Aurelia looks at Molly and Arthur, praying that they don't say what they're really thinking. Not yet, at least. If they say something now, Percy would take it as an attack and quite frankly, Aurelia wouldn't blame him for that. Molly and Arthur continue to stare at him so Percy says "We could . . . Celebrate. I'm sure the others would love to even if it is over this . . . I think that we could all use something to celebrate after that . . . That accident." Percy sounds a wee bit nervous which isn't like him but what really catches Aurelia's attention, is his use of the word 'accident'. He's clearly referring to Cedric, Aurelia frowns and her body grows tense, how could anyone much less Percy, think that. "It — it was — wasn't an accident." Aurelia stammers in a small voice, "He was murdered by — by Gwen — Gwendoline Goyle on Voldemort's orders . . . It was no accident." Percy frowns and then Aurelia frowns because she feels horrible, she didn't want to ruin his moment. But, she din't want him to believe Cedric's death was an accident either. It was cold-blooded murder. "You-Know-Who cannot give orders, he's dead." Percy says softly. "There was any concrete proof he died." Aurelia says bluntly, "No body was ever found just his — just his robes. Everyone just a — a — assumed he was o — o — obliterated from a back — backfiring curse!" Aurelia pauses to take a deep, her throat is all tight and dry, it feel likes someone is sitting on her chest, she can't breathe. "I —" Percy tries to interject but, Aurelia continues. "There is — is no proo — oof at all that Voldemort died! If p — p — Potter survived the Killing Curse then why could — couldn't he?! Huh?!" "I —" "Tell me, is it so impossible to believe he's back, p — p — Perce?! I thought you — you trusted me! I wouldn't lie about this! He's b — b — back, I saw him with my — with my own eyes! He was never dead! The curse just weak — weakened him." Aurelia takes another deep breath, the room seems to be closing in on her, getting smaller and stuffier with every passing moment. The graveyard is flashing in front of her eyes, creepy, dark, and foggy. Plaguing her mind, making her heart race and palms sweaty. The sickly green light is there too, gripping her thoughts in a vice-like grip. Gwendoline Goyle's high-pitched laugh echoes in her mind, taunting her as she struggles to speak. Aurelia has to convince Percy that it's true, she's got to hear him tell her that he believes her. "The Triwizard c — c — Cup was a portkey and it — and it took Harry, Cedric, and — and I to a cemetery. Gwen — Gwen — Gwendoline Goyle was there with — with . . . With — well, there was, uh, an — another Death-Eater there too." Aurelia pauses, lifting up her shirt to reveal Gwendoline Goyle's mark carved into her lower stomach; it couldn't be healed. They were there. They helped bring Voldemort back to his full strength, he was never dead, mere — mere — merely too w — w — weak to do it him — himself. He was never dead. He's back now and — and Cedric's death was no — was no accident." She breathes deeply, giving Percy a fierce look. She doesn't care what Percy tells the Ministry, she just wants him to tell her that he believes her. Mae has swept across the room and up the stairs to comfort Aurelia but, Aurelia only pulls away from Mae's touch. Aurelia folds her arms over her chest, stuttering fiercely: "D — d — don't t — t — touch me!" Mae frowns, Aurelia's never stuttered like this before. Stuttering did run in Mae's family, on her father's side. Mae never had a stutter, neither did her sisters but, her brothers did; Brysen's stutter had never went away. Mae wonders if it's possible for Aurelia to have inherited this stutter? Aurelia breathes heavily, struggling to regain her composure. It's hard to do when Aurelia can see Lyra silently laughing at her from the corner of her eye. Remus coughs awkwardly, saying: "Well, a small celebration certainly wouldn't hurt anyone." "We haven't got time." Molly says shortly, "We have to pack, Dumbledore's orders." Percy makes a face at the mention of Dumbledore, a look of disdain and mistrust "Dumbledore's Orders? Packing? What for?" Arthur explains what's going on in a very cryptic way that Aurelia thinks would make Dumbledore very proud. He leaves out where they're going and completely leaves out the Order of the Phoenix. The next thing Aurelia knows a fight has broken out. Things get heated fast, the Weasley children along with Elliot come down from their rooms to see what's happening. They stay relatively quiet, which surprises Aurelia because some nasty things are being said and no one is jumping to anyone's defence. It gets worse when Arthur insinuates that Percy was only promoted because the Ministry was using him, Percy gets defensive and attacks his father viciously with insults that had Aurelia holding her breath. She had never seen Arthur this angry before, Molly is standing off to the side looking close to tears as Percy refuses to see the truth. Percy feels threatened, he feels like they're trying to sabotage all his hard work and he's so angry. Aurelia can hear bits and pieces of his thoughts every few seconds. He doesn't trust Dumbledore, he kind of agrees with the promotion being a bit sketchy but he didn't want to believe that, he just wanted to make something of himself. Although, Mae tries to hold her back, Aurelia steps forward and tries to reason with Percy. It doesn't go well. "P — p — Perce, please listen." She stammers. He turns to give her a dirty look, she flinches and stops for a moment. "Percy, p — p — please. Listen to me. No one is, uh, saying that you don't deserve the, um, promotion. You — you do. We're just saying that the — that the timing seems to — to be a little fish — fishy. We just — we just want you to know that — to know that Voldemort is back, we are — aren't trying to sab — sabotage your job, you don't have to — to tell the m — m — Ministry you b — b — believe that! You c — can pre — pretend you don't like — like p — p — people pretended they were — weren't on Voldemort's side when the — when the war ended. You . . . You deserved that promotion, we — well, we just wanted — want you to be c — c — cautious —" "You really think that too?" Percy yells, "I thought you were my friend, Aurelia! I thought you were level-headed but, it turns out you're just as insane as your mother. Going around and preaching that You-Know-Who is back, do you realise how insane you —" The murderous look on Aurelia's face is enough to stop everyone dead in their tracks. The room itself seems to drop twenty degrees to match the cool tone of her voices as she says in a deadly calm but still, loud voice: "So, you got the promotion you always wanted, huh? — Well, good for you." Aurelia turns on her heels and stomps upstairs. "Aurelia, wait —" Percy says, it's not going to be an apology. Percy wouldn't apologise, especially not in front of so many people — he's too proud for that. Even if it was an apology, Aurelia doesn't want it now. Without looking back, she exclaims: "Go f — f — fuck your — yourself!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Aurelia is supposed to be Quidditch Captain, Cedric promised her that when he graduated he'd give her the spot buuut since he's dead she's gonna be Quidditch Captain one year earlier. However I'm not sure (because I got this idea) if I want her to be Quidditch Captain now because of this idea I'm torn between choosing Aurelia and ditching the idea or going with the idea and choosing Olivia for Quidditch Captain! Uhhhh next chapter, we meet Mae's older brother Brysen and they go to Grimmauld Place and we get to see Elliot interact with Kreacher and I am so excited for that! We also get to see a weird side effect of the Donum Vitae! Thanks for reading I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter! word count: 6870
"YOU ARE GOING TO FUCKING HATE GRIMMAULD Place." Elliot tells her for the billionth time, however, today it sounds different. Perhaps, that's to do with the fact this is the day that they're going to Grimmauld Place for the rest of their summer. No one is thrilled about this, especially not Mae who's worried that the place won't be good for neither Aurelia or Elliot. Aurelia agrees with Mae, she doesn't want to leave the comfort of Almerry Castle; it's safe here. Elliot's taken on this passive-aggressive nature towards the whole situation. One moment he's perfectly fine with it then the next he absolutely hates the prospect of stepping into that place. But, when Mae would ask Elliot if he had a problem with it, he'd smile and tell her no. When faced with the same question, Aurelia would just shrug her shoulders because she didn't really care, she'd be miserable no matter where she went; Aurelia just prefers to be miserable at Almerry Castle. Quite frankly, she felt as though it didn't matter what she, Elliot, or Mae said. They'd still end up at Grimmauld Place. Dumbledore wanted them there and somehow, no matter what they wanted, he'd get them there. "It sucks that we won't be able to practice magic there." Elliot says with a sigh, "Although, that won't be a problem for you because you're always scared that the Ministry will come for you if you do even the —" "I wanted to learn how to defend myself." Aurelia says bluntly, cutting off his teasing remark. "Since when, you hardly abuse our good fortune of being able to preform underage —" "I learned exactly how we are able to use underage magic and now I know there's nothing to be — to be afraid of. It's not a fluke, it's Blood Magic." She sits up straight, clutching a book about Blood Magic to her chest "We can literally preform anything and we would — and we'd never get caught. It'd never be able to be traced as long — as long as we're on these castle grounds. I think — I think my . . . My mum must've placed some kind of blood boundary over this castle. I used to think it was just a fluke or maybe some ancient Almerry-style magic. We obviously have the trace — well, in your case, had — had — had the trace. We've gotten warnings for underage use of magic when we weren't at Almerry. I have learned — I have learned that we could literally preform anything — the Unforgivables, we could do those here and no one would know!" Elliot stares at her "Merlin's beard are you ever starting to sound like Uncle Brysen!" Aurelia's only ever met Brysen Macleod twice. Once back when she was twelve, and then just earlier this morning, both times are the result of Mae's parents trying to gain custody over herself and Elliot and Brysen had come to warn Mae about it. Brysen is a short, scrawny man who stuttered a lot. He resembled Mae a great deal, with the same bony features, green eyes, and shitload of freckles. However, his redhead is lighter and his skin has more of an olive-tone to it. He had appeared at the castle gates earlier this morning, while Aurelia was trying to have a peaceful morning while eating her Lucky Charms. Brysen had scared the living shit out of her and made her drop her goddamned bowl of Lucky Charms. Of course, she can't really blame him because that's the only way he could let anyone know he was there on such short notice; he can't cross the protective wards unless he's either with Mae or someone who carries Black blood in them. Aurelia still blames him though, she was really looking forward to that bowl of Lucky Charms. Mae had taken him down to the spare house at the bottom of the hill to discuss the matter. Mae had told Elliot and Aurelia that Brysen had been sending her letters about their parents' plans for a week or so now but, it wasn't urgent. It was nothing to worry about so the two of them could stay at Almerry Castle and finish packing while the adults had a little chat. "What do you need to defend yourself from anyway?" Elliot snorts, "Maureen?" By Maureen, he means Mae's mother, who's once again attempting to gain custody of the magical children her Squib daughter is taking care of out of pettiness. But, that's not who Aurelia's referring to, she not worried about Maureen; Maureen's a shitty parent who would never win a custody battle over Mae. Maureen is so bad that Snape would probably make a better parent then her; Snape would still be a shitty parent but, Aurelia likes to think that he'd have the decency not to kick his child to curb for not having magic. But, then again, Aurelia doesn't think of this very often because it's a weird thought and she had better weird things to think about. "Gwen." Aurelia says bluntly, staring blankly at the wall ahead of her. Elliot's teasing expression falters. "Oh." "I need to get better at duelling . . . Mae's right, we — she's right. We can't always rely on our wands for protection —" "Well, when mum said that I don't think she meant in a duel, I think she — okay, I'm shutting up." Elliot says but then completely backs down when Aurelia gives him a murderous glare. "I can't even think of a spell when I've faced her. It's not like I'm lacking knowledge of spells, I can name — I can name a hundred off the top of my head —" "That's hard to believe. Forgive me for doubting, Lia, but you can't even preform Wingardium Leviosa properly and you learned that in — and I am shutting up like the good little boy I am! Salazar's socks, no need to get your panties in a twist because I'm stating facts." "I will fucking end you if you interrupt me one more — one more fucking time." Aurelia snaps, "Your facts are useless by the way, I already know, I'm incompetent! ("That's not what I —") Ellie, I swear to Merlin, I will destroy you if you — if you cut me off again. I need to learn how to duel. Plain and simple. I can't think of any spell when I've faced Goyle and something tells — and something tells me that I'll be facing her a lot in the future. So I gotta shape up or —" "Because —" "Don't you dare, Ellie!" Elliot covers his mouth, but it doesn't stop the shriek-like laugh from escaping "Because you need a man!" Aurelia glares at him "This is serious, Elliot! I could die! I can't keep duelling Goyle if I'm going to keep freezing like I do. I can't rely on my wand and I can't carry a gun on me like Mae does, guns are heavy and more dangerous than a wand —" "You have scarily good aim with a gun." Elliot interjects, "I remember when Mae taught you how to fire one and you hit all those cans perfectly, it had me shaking in my boots. You would take out Goyle easily with a gun. But, if you're scared of carrying a gun around then what about your fists?" Aurelia gives him a dry look "I'm a scrawny ass bitch who weighs less than a hundred and ten pounds. I am bloody underweight. A few months ago I weighed ninety-seven pounds, which is sickly underweight for my height so, uh, my fists aren't going to do — going to do shit." "But, you are tall." Elliot says "Like freakishly tall. You're almost as tall as me and I'm six foot two! Just charge 'em. I'm just as scrawny as you are and that works for me." "That's because you look like the dirtier, grungier version of Freddie Mercury and I look like the wonky version of Roger Taylor." Aurelia sighs, "Charging Goyle won't work for me. Like ever." Elliot fakes sniffling "I'm a grungier version of Freddie Mercury? Why, that's the best compliment I've ever received!" Aurelia gives him a look that reads 'that's not what I meant, you little bitch'. "First of all, I said 'dirtier, grungier version' and second, neither of those — of those two options work for me, meaning: I'm fucked." "Eh, well, you also insulted yourself sooo . . ." "And did I fucking stut — stut — stutter?" Elliot hides his smile behind his hands and nods his head, replying in a high-pitched voice: "Yeah. You did." Aurelia's face falls, wondering if she did actually stutter. She hadn't realised. Elliot laughs quietly "Don't worry, it's not as bad as Uncle Brysen's!" "It's not funny!" Aurelia says, glaring at him as her face flushes bright red. Elliot continues to laugh, her reaction on humouring him more, Aurelia grips her wand tightly. "Shut up!" Aurelia hisses, brandishing her wand. Anger and shame coursing through her veins. He only laughs harder, she scowls. "Incarcerous!" She snarls flicking her wand. Elliot is instantly bound by ropes, it shuts him up as he loses balance and falls off the couch. "Nice one, where'd you learn that?" "In a book." Aurelia says, pouting. Elliot's not at all bothered that she hit him with that spell. Aurelia's also a little surprised that it had worked. She'd never actually used it before. She'd only read about it and practiced and memorised the wand movements in case she needed it during the tournament. Aurelia's pretty sure that it's an advanced spells so she's kind of proud of herself for getting it correctly. "Well, why didn't you use that against Goyle" "Because I couldn't — I couldn't think of it or anything." Aurelia snaps, crossing her arms over her chest. "That's because you were scared. You were scared of Goyle so you froze. It happens, it doesn't mean you can't duel — how many duels have you been in anyway?" "Three or four, but they were petty ones that lasted two spells before we backed down. The only real one I suppose I was in was with Noelle but that was just Goyle in disguise and holding back on me so she didn't — so she didn't expose her cover." "Hmmm." Elliot says, struggling in the ropes which only makes him fall over sideways, "Well, how well did you deal with Noelle?" "Okay, I guess. I did run off but, I don't think I froze up. I was a little nervous to pull my wand on her but, I could think of spells to use." "Why do you think you didn't freeze up?" Aurelia looks at Elliot, she grinds her teeth and shrugs her shoulders. How the bloody hell is that going to help her with anything? "I don't know — I don't know why — I — what the fuck is that even supposed to mean?!" "How were you feeling when you duelled with Goyle versus when you duelled with Noelle?" "They were the — they were the same bloody person! What the fuck do you mean, Ellie?" "Yeah, I know that now and you know that now. But, at the time you didn't, so how did you feel on those occasions?" Aurelia gives him a dirty look, Elliot only laughs at it. "Don't give me that look! I know where I'm going with this, so just answer the question, Lia!" "You already know that I felt terrified when facing Goyle and I guess — I don't know! Uh, I guess I felt the same with Noelle, that was my first proper duel, I suppose. I was angry too, I — I think, I was really angry." Aurelia says, "What's the point? How is this going — how will that help me?" "Hmmm, well. The answer sounds simple: get angry." "Do I look like the Hulk to you?!" Elliot snorts "Why the fuck are you like this?" "Why the fuck are you like this?" Aurelia counters, "Like 'get angry'! What the fuck — what the actual fuck is that supposed to mean?!" "Well, it's obvious to me, from what you've told me: fear makes you freeze. That's natural of course, it happens to the best of us. When you duelled Noelle, you weren't just scared, you were angry. So I think the reason you were able to duel her was because you were angry. Your anger helped you focus in that moment. That's the way I see it anyhow." "Are you telling me not to be scared of Goyle?" "No, not exactly. You have every right to be scared of her. I mean in a duel, turn your fear into anger." Elliot explains, "You're scared that she's going to kill you, turn that into anger. Get angry that she's trying to kill you, get frustrated, get any emotion that isn't fear to help you focus and win that duel." Aurelia doesn't reply, she's not even sure if Elliot's right. What if she's just shit at duelling, what if it's not because of fear? He's probably only saying these things to make her feel better. He's gotten better at it, Elliot's never really been good at comforting people. He tries but he's not good at being serious and in turn usually just makes the situation worse. This time, he managed to make Aurelia feel better, she's not sure if he's right but some part of her feel comforted. Elliot smiles up at her "But, don't worry about that now. We'll figure something out when we get to Hogwarts. I know a bloke who knows a thing or two, he'll be willing to help us out. You won't need to defend yourself anytime soon, I promise. So relax for a little bit." Aurelia's not sure she knows how to relax anymore. She hasn't had a moment of peace in weeks. "Can you undo this spell now?" Aurelia looks down at him through heavy-lidded eyes "I don't know how." "Bullocks." Elliot huffs. "Bullocks, indeed." Aurelia says, disinterested, as she slips her wand back in its' holster. "Fuck you." Aurelia rolls her eyes "Didn't you just make fun of me for not knowing a first-year spell, Ellie? Then wouldn't it be a little bold of you to assume I know the counter-curse." "I despise you." "And, I loathe you." There's a popping noise and a House-Elf appears before them. In a squeaky voice it tells them that Mae wants them to head down to the spare house, all their trunks have been collected, and Brysen is going to apparate them to Grimmauld Place. And so, the Black cousins find themselves trudging down to the bottom of the hill where the spare house lies. Identical miserable expressions adorn their faces, Elliot, who is free of the ropes thanks to the House-Elf, is complaining once more about the arrangement, his lanky limbs flying wildly in the air as he does so. Aurelia is the first to reach the house, Mae and Brysen are waiting by the front door, waiting for the teens. Mae beams at them "I know ye aren't happy about this, I will be havin' a wee talk with Dumbledore about these arrangements but 'til then, we've got to make do. Bry, here, has offered to apparate us to our destination. Yer stuff has been sent there ahead o' time, are the two or yers, set and ready to go?" Aurelia and Elliot share a look of misery. This is their last chance to protest, Aurelia's not too sure about Elliot but, she's decided to save her protests for later. For when they're really needed. As for now, Aurelia thinks she can handle Grimmauld Place." "Ready as we'll ever be." Aurelia says blankly, Elliot nods in agreement. Mae gives them an understanding look, patting their cheeks gently. Brysen Macleod gives the two teens a once over. He used to babysit Elliot when the boy was a wee little thing but, it had been awhile since he had seen the lad. As for the lass, he'd never formally met her, all he knows is that her name is Aurelia and she's the daughter of Bellatrix Lestrange yet somehow oddly resembles Mae in some ways. Brysen didn't care for the girl although he'd never tell that to Mae, who'd surely kick his ass for it if he did. And, he's not too keen on the idea of bringing her the order either, but he doesn't say anything for the same reasons. "You — you're a — a — a miserable lass, aren't ye?" Brysen stammers, glancing at Aurelia. She scowls at him "I watched my best friend die — be murdered upon Voldemort's instructions. Forgive me for not leaping with joy." Aurelia says, tensing up. Mae clears her throat, giving Brysen a dirty look. "Wh — wh — what? I was — I was merely making a — making a, um, statement. Sh — she's bloody miserable." Mae sighs, annoyed "She's got reason to be, Bry. Now, if you will, the order." Brysen rolls his eyes "Al — al — alright!" "Let's got on with it then! Take Ellie first, he knows the way in." Mae says. Another miserable look is shared between the two teens. This was going to be a long summer, they both knew it. "This is gonna suck ass." Elliot mutters in Aurelia's ear, stepping forward and grabbing Brysen's arm. Aurelia looks to Mae for some reassurance, even if it's false. Mae gives her small smile "Sadly, he's not wrong." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Elliot had most definitely not been wrong when he had told her she was going to hate Grimmauld Place. She had come to learn that this is most definitely where Sirius and pretty much the rest of her family had spent most of their lives and it fucking sucked. Grimmauld Place was bloody horrible. So far, Aurelia had stumbled upon five diaries belonging to her mother as well as a drawing book that must've been Mae's — her other mum; Aurelia decided to ignore the diaries but she quite liked the drawing book and all the little doodles and painting inside. She didn't like the dark creatures that lurked in dark places, she didn't like anything about this place, she didn't like Dumbledore's instructions to not tell Harry Potter a single thing about Grimmauld and the Order, well, actually she doesn't like Dumbledore's instructions in general. Aurelia could not for the bloody life of her understand why Harry would not be joining them, she definitely didn't understand why he's to be kept in the dark about everything in general because after all, he's the one who witnessed Lord Voldemort's return, he's the one who saw Cedric die at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Aurelia saw those things too but, apparently no one really cared that she had except for a handful of people. Everyone made such a fuss about what Harry had gone through this past year yet they plan for him not to know a single thing about Grimmauld Place or the Order of the Phoenix. He had to stay at his aunt and uncle's and endure their abuse for most of the summer; it angered her to no end. (As one can probably tell, she's a wee bit bitter about these arrangements, but, moving on. . .) All in all Aurelia's not in any way, shape, or form thrilled to be stuck in Grimmauld Place. However, she's glad to say that Sirius feels the same way as her. She absolutely loathed Grimmauld place from the screaming portrait of her great-aunt to every little fibre of dust that seemed to cover every surface in the house. Grimmauld Place reeked of something she couldn't quite identify, and despite the House-Elf, Kreacher, treating her nicely as possible and her doing the same, she constantly wanted to fist fight the thing for the nasty, bigoted things that would come out of its mouth. In other words, she wants out of this place before she loses her goddamn mind. Perhaps, she shouldn't be complaining because they've only been there for a week, one torturous week and she did get to leave once, to go to therapy. But, that's just going from one building to another. She should feel lucky she's not confined to this place like Sirius is, the poor bloke. Aurelia blinks, she can hear Hermione speaking to her, Aurelia frowns and wonders if it's time to get up already, had she really been staring at the ceiling that long? She had yet another nightmare, this one was one of the worst ones and it kept her up for the rest of the night. Aurelia's just happy she didn't wake up screaming since she's now sharing a room with Hermione and Ginny now. Hermione tells her to wake up to which Aurelia replies that she's already awake. "We've got a long day ahead of us." Hermione says, "Lots of cleaning to do —" "Again? All we do is clean." "Yes, again. Now come one, Mrs. Weasley's made breakfast —" "I'll be down in a wee bit!" Aurelia snaps as she keeps her eyes locked on the ceiling, "Calm your horses, Granger!" "Oh." Aurelia feels immediately bad for snapping at Hermione, she opens her mouth to apologise but Ginny speaks up. "Mum and Auntie Mae are fighting again." Aurelia's on her feet in seconds and bolting down the stairs, not bothering to be quiet about it. She doesn't care if she wakes up her great aunt, she's not about to sit buy and let Molly constantly scold her mum. It's been like this all week, Mae and Molly have been getting into mostly petty spats about every little thing. Molly starts them all and Mae usually doesn't little them die, Elliot and Aurelia have to stop most of them before they get too bad. Aurelia bursts into the kitchen only to find it relatively quiet. There's tension in the air but there's certainly no fighting. They must've had one earlier, Aurelia can that by the fact Mae and Molly are on opposite sides of the kitchen. Mae turns to look at her, seemingly concerned that Aurelia burst into the kitchen so suddenly; she asks: "Did you have a nightmare, wee moon?" Aurelia blinks "Uh, no . . . No." Mae doesn't look convinced but, Aurelia doesn't care, she's not trying to be convincing today. There's no point in trying to be convincing when she's rooming with Hermione and Ginny, they won't hesitate to call her out on her bullshit lies. Mae kisses her forehead, pulling away she frowns and says "Oh, wee moon, yer feelin' a bit warm." "M'fine." Aurelia says before Mae can ask if she's feeling alright. The full moon is coming up and normally that didn't affect her too badly — a migraine and stomach pains. However, there were a few occasions where it had been worse and that's only because she had been sick prior to the full moon. And, since her health has been out of wack recently, Aurelia can only assume this full moon won't be much fun for her. They had been a little worse since she had been entered in the Triwizard Tournament, but, can you really blame her? That shit had been stressful and had her sick and tired twenty-four-seven. It is, of course, nothing compared to what actual werewolves go through. It could've been because that monster had actually bitten her and if it hadn't been for that Donum Vitae she would've been dead. Aurelia wouldn't have been a werewolf, she knows that well, she would never have made it past her first transformation. It's just a fact she can feel in her bones, as weird as it sounds. She thinks she's not the only one who thinks that too, her Donum Vitae must've thought the same which is why it decided to burn the Lycanthropy from her body before it had a chance to kill her. "Are ye sure?" Mae asks, handing her a plate of food. Shaking away her thoughts and theories, Aurelia nods her head as she takes the plate "Aye, mum." "If ye say so, wee moon. Today, we'll be cleanin' again so just let me know if ye need a wee break. Oh, and tomorrow ye have an appointment with Dr. Archer!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The rest of the day passes without incident, They clean, Aurelia runs into that Boggart again even though she should know it's in that room and she really needs to stop being surprised when Gwendoline fucking Goyle pops out of bloody nowhere, Elliot tries to get Kreacher to shut up about blood purity for at least five whole minutes, and someone breaks something valuable. Just an average day at Grimmauld Place. Merlin, she hates it here. She's getting ready for bed, feeling slightly relieved that she's got an appointment with Dr. Archer tomorrow because that mean she has less cleaning to do. Aurelia has never been one to hate cleaning, she just hates cleaning here. It never seems to get any cleaner in her opinion. Aurelia wipes her face with a cold washcloth, a groan escaping her lips when she hears Lyra calling for her. Her blood runs cold, she doesn't want to deal with Lyra right now. Then again, she never wants to deal with Lyra. Her mouth runs dry as she remembers that painful potion Lyra had given her as well as all the other mean things that Lyra has done. Aurelia debates whether or not she should jump in the shower and pretend she never heard Lyra calling for her. Lyra's call gets more insistent and louder and she decides she better answer before Lyra gets really angry. "Alright, Alright!" Aurelia sighs, stepping out of the bathroom, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" Much to Aurelia's relief, Lyra isn't alone. Remus is standing by her side, smiling as Aurelia comes down the steps to greet them. Aurelia casts Lyra a nervous glance, wringing her hands together as she asks what they want. She stutters a bit over the question which makes Lyra snort, naturally, and Remus elbows Lyra for it. "Hermione and Ginny mentioned to Mae that you haven't been sleeping well. Mae mentioned it to me and I've asked Lyra to whip you a Dreamless Sleep Potion to help you get some well needed rest." There's a steaming potion in Lyra's hands, Aurelia gives it an apprehensive look "Er, thanks, dad . . . But, I think I'll pass." Remus looks at her perplexed, he tells her that she should drink it, she needs to get some sleep, that she looks sickly. There's a pressure in her head, soon after Lyra's voice invades her mind Oh, just drink the cursed potion, you damned brat! It's not what you think it is, I have no reason to use that on you just yet. Aurelia gives the potion another calculating look, why are you being so nice? I'm only being nice because Remus asked me to. Now, just drink the bloody thing! Aurelia doesn't want to drink it but, she also doesn't want to seem rude in front of Remus, so she drinks it. Thankfully, it does indeed turn out to be the Dreamless Sleep Potion. She bids them goodnight and by the time she crawls into her bed, she's out like a light. However, she doesn't have a dreamless sleep. At first, when she opens her eyes she thinks she's just waking up. It takes her a few minutes to realise that this isn't the room she had fallen asleep in, nor is it any room in Grimmauld Place. It's much too clean and it's much too white. She's not alone either, there's a little girl sitting at a long white table. She smiles at Aurelia, a patient look on her face as her tiny legs swing back and forth. "You have lots of nightmates, miss." The little girl says in a silvery voice. This is a weird dream, Aurelia thinks as she looks at the young girl in front of her. She's young, no older than seven, and she looks more like a porcelain doll than a human. There's no colour to her skin, she's dressed in a frilly white gown, she's got beautiful silky brown hair, and although her eyes a lovely hazel colour, they're quite dead-looking. "We've been waiting quite awhile to talk to you." The girl says, "You're very hard to reach." What the fuck did Lyra put in that potion?! The little girl lets out a bell-like laugh "That mean lady did nothing to your potion, miss. This is very real and very not not a dream." "Who — who are you? What's going on?" "My name is Griselda Goyle and I'm a ghost. Well, sort of, but I'm different from the ghost that I've heard are at Hogwarts. We're all different here, we don't have enough cause to stick around but we're much too . . . Heavy to move on and rest peacefully. We're all just kinda caught in the middle." Goyle? Ghost? What the fuck?! "Is this . . . Is this heaven?" Melting through the white walls, another ghost — girl? — appears. She's a teenager this time and she lets out a tittering laugh as she comes to sit at the long white table next to Griselda. The new ghost like Griselda, had no colour to her skin and her blue eyes are completely dead-looking. Her hair is a golden blonde colour, a big contrast to Griselda's hair. "Who are you?" Aurelia wonders, feeling positively bewildered. Why are random ghosts appearing in what's supposed to be a dreamless slumber?! The new ghost gives her a mischievous smirk "I'm Aurelia." Aurelia narrows her eyes "You can't be Aurelia. I'm Aurelia." The ghost giggles "You're Aurelia Black. I'm Aurelia Carrow." "As in —" "Alecto and Amycus — oh, and little Hestia and Flora! Although, I never got to meet the latter of the twins, I was dead long before they were born. Alecto and Amycus had just started Hogwarts when I died." "Well, this my dream, so I feel I have a right to ask, why did you die?" "Well, first of all my dearest namesake, this is not a dream! We are only here because you are not dreaming! Secondly, I died on May, the ninth, nineteen-sixty-eight in the Black Lake. I was only fifteen and I had just started to see that my family were not exactly right, you see a Muggle-Born boy in the year above me had caught my eye and we were going to meet up in Hogsmeade but then she killed me." Aurelia Carrow's voice is forlorn as she speaks. Is she going to have to avenge these ghosts or something, if this is real, that is? Griselda Goyle and Aurelia Carrow laugh. "No, my dearest namesake, we do not need to be avenged. That is not why we stay here." "Then why are you here." Aurelia asks, this is the most elaborate dream she's ever had in her entire bloody life. Aurelia Carrow smiles softly "We stay here because we are not strong enough to be like most ghosts but, we are not ready enough to rest peacefully. We are here with you because we are connected. You are like us, a victim of Gwendoline Goyle's but your heart managed to keep beating. However, it did stop briefly and it was enough to create a connection." "Goyle killed you — and you?! But, you're just a child! A Goyle too!" Griselda frowns, looking at her swinging feet "She didn't know what she was doing at the time She just thought she was making me go away, she didn't know it'd be permanent. Father told her she had to for our family." Griselda and Gwendoline were twins." Aurelia Carrow interjects, "Their father had no use for Griselda as she was a girl and he already had another girl. So, he decided that one had to go, that one being Griselda since unlike Gwendoline, she wasn't a Metamorphmagus. So, Mr. Goyle had Gwendoline drown Griselda in their family fountain, he blamed it on the children playing around. It was labelled an accident, Gwendoline would not realise what she had done until years later." "Part of her enjoyed it," Griselda mumbles, looking deeply troubled by the fact her five-year-old twin sister had apparently enjoyed murdering her, "I think that's why I stay here." "Oh, Merlin." Aurelia mumbles, she doesn't like this dream anymore. Her stomach twists and she wrings her hands together "So, Goyle, she just — she killed you —" "Yes, she drowned us both. She tried drowning you, I believe, years ago when you were a wee babe. But, you hardly remember it." Aurelia Carrow says, "The reason you can see us is simply because we are a by-product of that ancient magic protecting you. I believe it is the magic's way of showing you that you are lucky, that this is what could have happened." This is a very elaborate dream, part of Aurelia's brain is thinking and other part is going: 'At this fucking point, anything is fucking possible!' "Well, why haven't I seen you before tonight?" Aurelia Carrow chuckles "You are as stubborn as your mothers, my dearest namesake! You have not seen us before because your brain has not been this quiet since the connection was created. We cannot interact with you when you are dreaming, if we are lucky you might catch a glimpse of us in your dreams or nightmares but we would not be able to speak with you." "But, why?" "Our connection is strongest when you are most like us — dead. But, you did not stay down for long when Gwendoline hit you. You were dead for merely seconds, it was surprising but, knowing your parentage, Gwendoline's curse will not be the worst one you ever face. In other words, the less brain activity you have, the stronger the connection is, this is the first chance we have had to talk to you." Aurelia considers it for a moment. It's plausible, she thinks, either way, she doubts any real harm will come to her whether or not she decides to believe it. "That's debatable." Aurelia Carrow huffs. "What?" "Nothing, my dearest namesake, we will not worry you with all the details just yet —" "Why do you keep calling me that?" Aurelia asks, "It's annoying." Aurelia Carrow rolls her eyes "Isn't it obvious? You were named after me. Partially, at least, I was your mum's bestest friend at Hogwarts and your name is a little tribute to me. But, she mostly named you that because you born with literal gold hair — which is like totally wicked by the way! That and because that weird prophecy-speaking lady said you had a golden heart, so your name is very fitting and very pretty!" This is a lot to process. "So . . . Uh, well, okay so I can see all of the victims of Gwendoline Goyle and only their ghosts?" "Yes, and only when you're asleep and not dreaming!" Aurelia Carrow says, providing her with seemingly truthful answers. Aurelia wishes she had more alive people like this in her life. "I think she means that yellow boy." Griselda cuts in. Aurelia's heart stops because she knows exactly who she's talking about. Seeing the expression on Aurelia's face, the ghosts give each other knowing smiles. Aurelia Carrow looks at the white wall behind her, saying: "You can come yell —" before she can even finish her sentence, Cedric is melting through the wall. "WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING?!" Cedric exclaims. Aurelia doesn't flinch, she's frozen; she's numb almost. It's Cedric, he's right there. His eyes may look dead but, everything else about him looks so alive. Tears burn her eyes, he's right there. "WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU JUMP IN FRONT OF THAT CURSE? YOU WERE RAISED BY SLYTHERINS, HAVE YOU NO SENSE OF SELF-PRESERVATION?!" "No." Aurelia breathes out, in reply and a wee bit in denial. She reaches out for him wondering if she could touch him? Hug him even? Before she can touch him Cedric's pulls her into a tight hug, answering the question for her. She cries out, overwhelming happiness smothering her as she holds him tight, tears fall freely down her face. "I am so, so mad at you!" Cedric says, shaking her around a little as he holds her close. "You didn't deserve to — to die!" Aurelia sobs, "I'm — I'm so — so — sorry!" She clings to him tightly, good Godric, she prays that this is real. That Cedric is really here and really hugging her. "I — I — I tried to save you, I tried — I tried, really I — I did!" "I know." Cedric says soothingly, "I know." "You deserve to live! You — you deserve to live, Cedric!" Aurelia sobs, hugging him so tightly, her hands hurt. "And so do you."
AND SO DO YOU, THOSE WORDS ECHO in her head as Ginny shakes her awake. Aurelia cries out as Cedric slips away from her, the white room, and the other two ghosts are pulled from her sight. "Hey, Blue, hey, hey, hey." Ginny says softly as Aurelia opens her eyes. She feels dreadfully disappointed that she had been woken up, the ghosts were gone, the white room was gone, Cedric was gone. Again. "You were crying." Ginny says, "So, I thought I'd wake you." Aurelia glares at her then rolls over in her bed and buries herself under the covers. She falls back asleep rather quickly but neither white room or the ghosts return. Most of the Dreamless Sleep Potion had worn off and she has dreams but, they're sluggish and staticky. They're peaceful, however, so she sleeps well for the rest of the night. And when Mae wakes Aurelia up the next morning, she feels surprisingly well-rested. Something she hadn't felt in what seems like months. She doesn't remember any of the dreams after the white room which she vividly recalls in great detail. Griselda Goyle, Aurelia Carrow, Cedric, and that long white table that could've seated at least twenty people. Aurelia groggily opens her eyes to Mae's soft voice telling her that she needs to get up as she brushes curls away from Aurelia's face. "I — I . . . Uh, five . . . Five more minutes, mum." Aurelia mumbles sleepily. "I wish I could give ye that but ye have yer appointment today and nobody's around to apparate us so we have to drive and that'll take a few hours to get there. We'll have to use the Floo Network to Travis'. He's holdin' my car for me. Sadly, wee moon, ye have to get up now. But, ye can sleep in the car if ye'd like." Luckily for Mae, Aurelia isn't all that tired so she doesn't put up much of a fight. She gets up and Mae kisses her cheek before leaving the room to let Aurelia get ready. It doesn't take long because all Aurelia does is throw on one of Mae's old Abba t-shirts and a pair of ripped jeans that are a little too big for her. Aurelia is sort of looking forward to her appointment because of what happened to her last night. Instead of talking about her usual problems which without a doubt would drain her of any energy she has, she can talk about what she witnessed when she was asleep. It'll make her less sad then talking about the other things. She doesn't tell Mae about it but, she does bring up the names Griselda Goyle and Aurelia Carrow. Mae's reaction alone is enough to convince Aurelia completely that it hadn't been an actual dream. Mae is more surprised to Griselda's name, of course, Mae wasn't around that Pureblood community while Griselda was alive so she must've only heard about her from Bellatrix. However, she did know Aurelia Carrow. Mae tells her that Aurelia Carrow was Bellatrix's best friend at Hogwarts and she was sort of named after the deceased girl. She also tell her that Aurelia Carrow's death wasn't an accident like most people say but, of course, Aurelia already knew that. Not much else is said in the next hour before they leave for Dr. Archer's, things are extremely tense as she sits in the kitchen eating breakfast. Molly, Mae, and now, Lyra all seem to be at each other's throats for every little thing so Aurelia keeps her mouth shut until they're out of Grimmauld Place. It's takes them half an hour to escape Travis Calderwood's clutches, he's still apologising for the 'ex' comment. Aurelia doesn't say anything until they're another half an hour away, seated in Mae's yellow bug. "Hey, mum? Can I get my nose pierced?" "Can't ye do that yerself?" Aurelia frowns "Isn't that . . . Like dangerous — oh, you mean with my Metamorphmagus thing, yeah, no. I can sort of do ears but, I can't do my nose. The shininess on my nose distracts me so I lose concentration on it." Mae laughs softly "Why do you want yer nose pierced?" "I just wanna do something different." Aurelia says, "It's not like I can dye my hair — I mean I could cut it but, it'd probably turn out terrible. Then, I could just use my ability to cover it up. Anyways, I've always liked nose piercing since I saw a cute girl with one in Fionnphort a few years ago." "Well," Mae looks thoughtful, "Alright, we'll see what we can do. There's one just a few blocks away from Atticus' so we could go there." "Yeah, I know." Aurelia says smiling, she'd seen the place each time they had drove by, it only made her want the piercing more. "You know, Hattersley suggested I should dye my hair when I said I wanted to do something different, I was thinking something along the lines of a new wardrobe or a nose piercing, maybe a tongue piercing." Mae laughs again "Thalia Hattersley? Well, I'm not surprised. It took her five years to get used to the fact Tonks could change her hair colour at will. She's got a strange obsession with Muggle hair-dye, doesn't she?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Nearly two hours later and they just barely make it on time for the appointment. Mae kisses Aurelia on the cheek before she hops out of the yellow bug, calling over her shoulder: "See ya later, mum!" Then she's bounding up the stairs to Atticus' office. He's different today, Aurelia notices a shift in his behaviour immediately even though he tries his best to hide it. Atticus is more timid than ever, it shows in the way his body shakes and he double locks his doors. But, whatever is bothering him seems to vanish once they cross the threshold to his office. "How are you feeling today?" He asks once they sit down in the arm chairs, facing each other. "I had a dream last night." Aurelia says, fiddling with her fingers. It's not the answer Atticus is looking for but, he nods for her to continue. "But, it wasn't really a dream, you see." Aurelia frowns, chewing on her lower lip, "I had a Dreamless Sleep Potion and the victims of Gwendoline Goyle came to me . . ." Aurelia goes onto explain every detail of what happened, insisting that it hadn't be a dream. "How did that make you feel?" There's a pause, seeing the perplexed expression on Aurelia's face, Atticus elaborates "How did seeing these ghosts of other victims make you feel? How did it feel to see Cedric again?" "Well, it was strange to see them although, I should've seen something like this coming." "What do you mean by that?" "Well, should I have really expected to walk away from a literal Killing Curse scot-free. I should've know that it would come and bite me in the ass." You believe that this is a bad thing?" Aurelia frowns "No, it doesn't feel like a bad thing . . . Besides being a wee bit confusing, it was kind of nice." "You don't look happy or sound happy about it, why is that?" "How am I supposed to get over Cedric when he's literally haunting me. Fucking hell." "You shouldn't be thinking like that, Aurelia, death isn't something you just get over. Cedric was a very good friend of yours, his death deeply impacted you —" "I could've saved him!" "You jumped in front of a Killing Curse —" "It should've rebounded — it should've! I heard Potter's rebounded so why did — why didn't — why did it go through me?!" "You told me the reasons you survived the curse and how Potter did are two completely different reasons. To expect them them to have the same affects isn't fair . . . Don't you think so?" Atticus asks, he sounds hesitant to ask the question. "I —" Aurelia pauses, she hadn't expected anything at all. The moment she realised Cedric was going to die, all she could think about was saving him; nothing else mattered. Nothing, not even how scared she was to die, all that mattered was saving Cedric. "Maybe." Aurelia mumbles, it is a miracle she survived at all but, Cedric should've survived instead. However, Atticus brings up a good point, she supposes. How was she to know how this Donum Vitae thing worked when she didn't even know she had it at the time. Maybe, if she had, she could've saved Cedric then. "Aurelia?" "I don't want to talk about this anymore. "Well, alright." Atticus says, "We'll come back to it another time then?" She hesitates then nods. Atticus flips the page of that notebook he always has on him when they talk, Aurelia thinks he writes things she says in there but, she tries not to pay much attention because that thought makes her uncomfortable. "Do you remember how you told me about those flashback you had, the memories of the werewolf and Goyle?" Atticus says, to which Aurelia nods. "I believe they're flashbacks caused by the trauma you've experienced. You have Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder." Her eyebrows furrow together "What?" "PTSD as some call it. I believe from what you've told me, you've had it for years now, starting with the werewolf attack." "But — that — I was eight when that happened, I —" Atticus "Your age nor your ability to recall the event perfectly makes it any less traumatic. What you remember of the event traumatised you severely. You must've had a hard time grasping exactly what happened to you." Aurelia nods her head. Atticus goes onto explain more about it, describing symptoms and effects of the disorder. Most of them of symptoms Aurelia has felt before, the most prevalent being flashbacks, anxiety, and uncontrollable thoughts. She hadn't had many uncontrollable thoughts recently but back before her first flashback, they used to plague her. Aurelia couldn't stop thinking about what that woman had said before she turned into a werewolf, no matter how hard she tried not to, it wouldn't stop. He asks about her first flashback and what had triggered it. Aurelia remembers it vividly, she remembers it had been the older kids who had triggered it by playing a joke on her. They had locked her in a closet, which they had done before so she had thought it was nothing out of the ordinary until one of them started making werewolf noises. She had thought that it was the werewolf coming for her again, that dark closet became the forest and it was like the attack was happening all over again. It was horrible, she had screamed and begged for help, eventually one of the kids felt bad so they let her out. They never did something like that again. Atticus tells her more about PTSD and it leads to a long and very helpful discussion that lasts the rest of the session. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Mae's late, which isn't unusual, so Aurelia sits in the waiting room to waiting for her. Atticus waits with her, apparently he doesn't have any other patients to deal with today. Aurelia doesn't think he has a lot of patients, Muggles probably find him weird and wizard kind doesn't really use this kind of medical practice. Atticus talks to Bambi as he normally does, occasionally he divulges Aurelia into awkward small talk. Even Atticus' white cat comes downstairs, Aurelia doesn't know the name, she's only seen it once before and that was when it was sitting outside of his office as she was leaving. It's a pretty white cat with long white hair and silvery eyes, it sits perfectly poised on a chair in the waiting room, staring at Atticus with a disgruntled look then to Aurelia with an even weirder expression for a cat. It kind of reminds Aurelia of Professor McGonagall, without thinking, she blurts out: "Is that an Animagus." Atticus looks up, seemingly startled by the question, he glances at the cat then rolls his eyes and nods his head "Yeah, that's Lazarus. Don't mind her. She shouldn't be here right now. She hunted me down to try to drag me to America . . . Annoying really." "It's annoying really." An American accent mimics. In the place of the white cat now sits a platinum blonde woman, clad in leather and black jewellery and eyeliner. She looks like a Malfoy, the same hair, eyes, and sharp features, she's even got the same resting bitch face as Uncle Lucius. "If I was able to hunt you down so easily, your father could do it in the blink of an eye. "Laz, we are not having this discussion again! Especially not in front of her!" Atticus hisses, lowering his voice. Aurelia looks away from the scene, catching Lazarus' perplexed and very annoyed expression as she puts her attention on her shoes. "I have a patient now." Atticus says, "This doesn't involve her." "Technically it sort of does." Lazarus says and Aurelia looks up, if it involves her then she has a right to look. "Besides your little session there ended about ten minutes ago, and I have spent it watching you to have a hissy fit." "We were having small talk, Laz, now if you would be so kind as to save this for later —" Lazarus rolls her eyes, bluntly saying: "I'm a Malfoy, Archer, I don't do kind." Oh, Aurelia thinks, she is a Malfoy! She'd be more surprised if Lazarus wasn't. She must be Uncle Lucius' cousin. Aurelia had never met her and she'd never heard her name before but, she vaguely recalls Uncle Lucius mentioning her American cousin and uncle once or twice. She think the mentions involved reminding someone not to invite them to a party. Aurelia's pretty sure that the two sides hate each other. She'd never ever heard her Grandpa Abraxas — technically he's not your grandpa anymore! — mention his brother who had moved to America not even weeks after graduating Hogwarts. Lazarus must be the brother's daughter or even granddaughter, she does look a few years younger than her uncle. "Nice to meet you too." Aurelia cuts in, sensing the tension in the room. Lazarus pauses to give Aurelia a faint smile but, she doesn't drop the conversation. "Archer, you were supposed to hightail it outta hear the moment you heard your father was back!" Lazarus says, "Yet, here you are up, not even packed, up a patient, and still without that diadem! Did you even ask that Squib about it?" "Wait, Squib? Does she mean Mae? What do you have to ask my mum?" Aurelia asks, her hear sinking, "Is it about me?" "No." "Oh." She was hoping the answer would be yes. Seeing the look on Aurelia's face, Atticus says: "Now, I know this is going to sound rather bad but . . ." Aurelia looks at Lazarus then to Atticus. Although there is no betrayal evident, Aurelia feels that she has been. Or rather, she has a sickly feeling that she is about to be. You must understand that my intentions to take you on as a patient have nothing to do with what I'm about to tell you. I don't want to tell you but, Laz has left me with no choice but to do so. Telling you now is the only way for us to work, for you to trust me now that Laz just had to bring that up. To answer your question, Laz, no. I haven't spoken to Macleod of the diadem, she brought up Aurelia before I could. Aurelia's well-being is more important than my mother's diadem, so it simply slipped my mind and I focused on helping out Aurelia." Atticus glances at Lazarus, giving her a little glare before continuing on: "There was a reason I contacted Macleod first, I had no idea about you. All I knew was that Lestrange left her in possession of my mother's diadem which had been stolen from her by my father. I wanted it back, it'd be the only thing I'd own of my mother's. But, I was nervous about approaching Macleod then my father returned and I knew at once that I had to get it back and get away from here as quickly as I could but, I still eased into the situation and before I could get what I needed, Macleod brought you up and your situation you faced and I knew at once I had to put everything on hold for you. It's my duty as therapist to do it." Aurelia licks her lips, her stomach churning as she nervously looks at Atticus. "So, my plans of running to America became side-tracked because I now had a patient, my other patients were easily passed off to other therapist because they were Muggles and therapy is more common to Muggle. More therapist options for them to chose from. But, as for you, you can't simply be passed off to a Muggle therapist if you want proper help and as far as I know I'm the only accessible therapist for you. I couldn't just leave you hanging especially after Macleod described what happened to you." "He didn't arrive in America when he said he would so I hunted you down. You're lucky that Araminta and Cassiane didn't come with me. They're very angry with you and as you know, my step-daughter is scary when angry." "Yes, yes. An angry Cassiane is a force to be reckoned with! I know, I know." Atticus says dismissively, "But, when I tell them what kept me, they'll understand. Unlike you, you impatient bugger." Of course, Aurelia thinks, he couldn't just be a normal bloody therapist! He just had to have connections with my family! "This certainly looks bad, doesn't it?" Atticus mumbles then says more loudly: "I haven't asked Macleod about the diadem because it isn't important, what's important is that I am able to help you. I'm helping you because you need it not because of the diadem." "Agatha Rookwood saw you! You told me she saw you just yesterday!" Lazarus says, "What if she recognised you because of Catherine! What if she's already told You-Know-Who about you?" "I won't be my father's biggest priority." Atticus says, "I wasn't when I was born and won't be now that he's alive again. As far as he knows, I'm a Squib, meaning I'm not his biggest threat. Yes, there's no doubt that he'll try to kill me once he figures out where I live but, he won't make it is top priority. I have time. I'm safe for now, Laz. I must use this time to help a child in need." "You'll be putting her in danger too!" Lazarus sings. "To him?" Atticus laughs, "She's a Lupin!" They seem to have forgotten that she's right there as they continue to bicker. "If he comes for you, he'll see 'Lupin' as you see her! And I don't know how you see it but, I can see big fucking trouble written all over this situation!" Atticus frowns, he changes the subject by turning to Aurelia and asking: "Where's Macleod?" It's a good question, Mae's often late but, never this late. "The Squib?" Lazarus says, "Oh, well, I set the clock in her car back by thirty minutes, she should be here soon, thinking that session is just ending." Atticus sighs, pinching the bridge of his nose "Why, Laz?" "So I can this conversation with you, of course!" Lazarus says, giving him a beaming but fake smile, "Two sensible people against you!" "Laz, Aurelia needs my help, you are not brining her into this." "I've already brought her into this. Her birthright brought her into this to be more specific but, that's not the point of this conversation." Lazarus turns to Aurelia, "So, I know you were tragically brought up by my dearest cousin, but, despite that you seem to be very sharp. You seem like you'd have good judgement, so tell me — as the son of fucking Voldemort, wouldn't be wise for Atticus to get the hell out of dodge before his father finds his whereabouts?" Aurelia blinks "How many children does Voldemort have?!" Is he one of the six she's aware of or is he a secret seventh child? Lazarus laughs mirthlessly "Too many to count. But, what do you expect from someone who is incapable of feeling emotion with multiple female Death-Eaters at his disposal? Females who either would do anything to please him or are too scared to say no. He's a monster. Atticus is one of his children that lived —" "I'm his only living child —" Atticus says. "Right." Lazarus drawls out, giving him a look. Atticus rolls his eyes "My mother was a Seymour, an Albanian family of pure blood. She wasn't a Death-Eater, my father sought her out for that diadem. He manipulated her and eventually they became involved. She became pregnant with me and he gave her a potion to get rid of me. He did it secretly however, she wasn't a Death-Eater so he believed that she wouldn't react the same and willingly give the child up as they did. But, the potion didn't work and I lived. When he learned of this, he was livid, I'm sure you know how he feels about his children, so he came back to murder me but my mother had already given me to my adoptive parents." Aurelia is reminded again just how much she hates Voldemort, how terrifyingly powerful he is. "Now, the thing about Seymours, is that Squibs happen often in that family. Especially in the males. So my mother told him that I would be a Squib which is why she gave me up. He believed that it would be true so he never made it a priority to seek me out and kill me. However, he was still livid that she didn't kill me herself so he killed her. And then he took the diadem, he believed that it was the lost Ravenclaw diadem because the Seymour claimed to know where it was. They even hinted that they had it in the possession, saying that their descendant knew the Helena Ravenclaw. That's what drew my father to my mother. He must've figured out that the diadem wasn't the Ravenclaw one because I discovered he gave it to your mother as a wedding gift." "You promise you're not just in it for this diadem thing?" Aurelia asks quietly. Before Atticus can respond, Lazarus snorts: "Nah, he doesn't have the crown because he decided to help you out like the bleeding-hearted fool he is." Atticus shakes his head "Aurelia, I promise. I'm in it to help you. That'd be completely unethical of me to do, I might even lose my license if I did that and someone found out. No, I'd never do such a thing. Helping people matters the most to me." "So, if I gave you the diadem, would you still be my therapist?" Aurelia asks, looking up at him through heavy-lidded eyes. "Of course!" Atticus says at once. "You're an idiot!" Lazarus exclaims, throwing her hands in the air, "Atticus, you're in danger! With Araminta, Cassiane, and I is where you'll be safest! And you!" She points a shaky finger at Aurelia "You don't even know the danger you're in! I'm telling you now, you and your weird little family should hightail it to fucking Alaska!" Without another word, she's returned to her Animagus form and bolted up the stairs and out of sight. Atticus sighs, turning to face Aurelia. "I am truly and deeply sorry for this, Aurelia, this isn't a matter that should've involved you. This was supposed to be between me and Macleod." "It's alright." "No, it's not. I should've expected Laz to pull a stunt like that. I'm terribly sorry you were involved in this." "Please, I've had worse family reunions than this." Aurelia says. Atticus pause, his eyes widen slightly then he shakes his head "Oh, because she's a Malfoy, still . . . Still, I apologise. Luckily, I saw Macleod pull in a second ago so you're free to escape. Have a good rest of your day, Aurelia, and I'll see you the same time next week." "See you later then!" Aurelia says, giving him a salute, then she turns on her heel and walks out of the door. He's a good person, Aurelia decides as she descends the stairs away from his office, if he wasn't he would've asked her to bring that crown or whatever next time. He's got good intentions. Despite his parentage, he made it. He turned out to be good. Maybe, there's hope for her too. She smiles as Mae greets her with a large grin and an even larger strawberry milkshake. "Hey, mum, did you know I'm related to a cat?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Honestly, I wanted it to be Tybalt Riddle to be Voldy's living child surprise (although it's not much of a surprise that Voldy has at least one living child in this story) but that would ruin not only Esrom Trelawney's entire character but, Aurelia's as well (mostly because she's pressed that Voldy has the audacity to kill his OWN children). Atticus being Voldemort's child is not important to the storyline just yet, and it won't be until the sequel, as for now he's most important as Aurelia's therapist! Also peep my baby Lazarus Malfoy (portrayed by Taylor Momsen, my other baby!) who will never make a physical appearance again but, I love her anyway. This isn't her universe, she's in a different Harry Potter universe I created which is a huge, huge AU of Make Them Gold, meaning characters from Make Them Gold will be briefly mentioned in that universe. Also I mentioned Cassiane Crouch in here, she's apart of that aforementioned universe, she'll be mentioned again later in this story but she'll never make a psychical appearance. I just wanted to throw in a mention of those characters because I love them so much and I can't wait to post their universe! I don't know how to write a therapy session and it really shows. I tried my best, so I hope it's decent enough! Also! If things goes as planned, two more chapters before Nevari™ is reunited! Thanks for reading I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter! word count: 4415 P.S: I posted a prequel to this story, it's called Bad Blood, it'd mean a lot to me if you checked it out!
IT'S NOT THE STRANGEST THING MAE'S HEARD Aurelia say ("A baby snake thought I was bitable so it bited me then I fainteded." takes the cake on that one) but, it's just not something she thought she'd hear Aurelia say straight after leaving her therapist's office. "Really now?" Mae says, it's not the worst thing Aurelia could say she's related to. "I met an American Malfoy today. She's an Animagus. A white cat." "Oh." Mae thinks for a moment, Atticus did say he spent most of his childhood in America with his adoptive parents. His adoptive parents must've been Purebloods and he must've met the Malfoys through them. They're probably friends or something like that. Getting into the car, Mae asks: "Well, were they nice?" Putting on her seatbelt, Aurelia shrugs "Could've been nicer." They drive down the road while Aurelia sips on her strawberry milkshake and ABBA plays softly through the stereo. "Still want to get yer nose pierced?" Mae asks. Aurelia nods her head so they pull up to the piercing and tattoo parlour. Mae tells her that she's not getting a Muggle tattoo before Aurelia can even ask the question. There's no complications with the piercing, it doesn't even hurt. Well, it stings at most but, it's not as bad as Aurelia thought it would be; she was kind of disappointed of how weak the pain was. Then again, no pain would ever come close to that — there's a flash of green light behind her eyes and she cringes. A chill runs down her back, Aurelia reaches for the mirror again and focuses on her slightly swollen, and very red nose. "So, do you like it?" Mae asks. Aurelia nods, inspecting the gold stud with a little ruby implanted in it. Mae had picked it out, telling Aurelia in passing as they looked at piercing, that ruby is her birthstone. Which means Aurelia was born sometime in July. Before she could look at any of the other options, Aurelia chose the one Mae picked. "Aye, it looks wicked — uh, by the way, when is my birthday?" Aurelia says, looking away from the piercing to glance at Mae. "Didn't I tell ye?" Mae asks to which Aurelia shakes her head, "Oh, well . . Ye were born on July the third, weeks earlier than you should've been. But, You-Know-Who and the Death-Eaters think ye were born on August the twenty-seventh." "But — I — what? That doesn't make any sense! That's more than a month later." "Aye, I know. Ye were supposed to be born some time around July twenty-seventh to the twenty-ninth. But, You-Know-Who . . . He was lookin' for babies born 'round that time and he wouldn't not have taken kindly to ye if ye had been born then." Aurelia frowns "That still makes no sense! Why not tell him I was born at the beginning of the month instead of hiding me for a whole other month?" "'Cause that's what yer mother chose to do." Mae says shortly. "It makes no sense!" Aurelia insists, something didn't feel right about this story, she wonders if she's being lied to again. She narrows her eyes at Mae, suspiciously, she's not about to let people lie to her again. "Nothin' Bellatrix did made sense when it came to ye. Well, it made sense to her, o' course . . . She thought that you would be in danger unless everyone thought you were born at the end of August, so she lied to You-Know-Who." Aurelia's heart swells, she tries her best repress the smile growing on her face "She lied to Voldemort to keep — to keep me safe?" Mae nods and Aurelia knows she shouldn't but, she feels so indescribably happy with this information. Had Bellatrix really cared about her that much? "There was one time I thought she was goin' to kill him for ye." Aurelia's eyes widen "Really?" Mae nods again "Aye, wee moon, there isn't anythin' Trix wouldn't do for ye. She loves ye more than anythin'." "She was going to kill — to actually kill Voldemort for me?" Aurelia whispers in awe, "Do you think she could've succeeded?" Mae smiles slightly "Aye . . . In a way, I do. He trusts her too much, he'd never see it comin'. But, she wouldn't have been able to succeed with magic, even though he's trained her rather well, his skills are superior. She'd have to o' done it in a mundane way. She told me she thought of poisonin' him once. Then there was the time I saw her holdin' a butterknife and ready to attack him. He didn't realise what she was thinkin' of doin'. I walked in on it and I barely knew what was goin' on but he must've said somethin' related to ye and sent her into panic mode. Ye weren't even in the room but, Merlin, was she ready to defend ye like ye were in the line o' danger." "She chose me over Voldemort once?" "She always chose ye over You-Know-Who. She was never truly loyal to him, she hasn't been since she found out he hated Squibs and wanted to include me and my kind in the list of people he was goin' kill one day. When she was a child, she thought the world of him but, it didn't last long . . . No matter what, she always chose ye over You-Know-Who. Everythin' that she's done has been to protect, ye, me, and Ellie. She only cares about keepin' us alive." Then why did she attack Alice and Frank after Voldemort was gone? Aurelia frowns and decides she best not think about that right now as it will only confuse and upset her. To escape that thought, Aurelia blurts out: "Atticus is Voldemort's son!" It's not her best idea, Mae seems to think the same thing as she slams on her brakes. "WHAT?" Mae exclaims, her eyes going wide with absolute terror. Aurelia goes into a full explanation of what happened after her therapy session, finishing with: "I trust him, I don't think he's up to anything shady. Dumbledore has more shady vibes than he does!" Mae shakes her head "I can't believe your therapist is his son! I can't believe I — Oh, Merlin! If yer mother knew —" "It's not your fault mum, it's alright! I'm rather certain he won't hurt me. Do you know what diadem he's talking about?" Mae nods uncertainly "I do . . . I don't think we should give it to him just yet —" "But —" "I am not givin' him that diadem 'til I know that he's a trustworthy therapist for ye . . . I need to have a wee chat with Remus as well. Do ye understand me, Aurelia, don't say anythin' more about that diadem to Atticus." "I — oh, alright." Aurelia says, perhaps Mae is right. This diadem can wait if Atticus is really a good person through and through. Mae continues driving, there's silence save for 'Voulez-Vous' which playing quietly through the stereo. Aurelia sips on her milkshake, wondering if it had been a good idea to tell Mae about Atticus being a Riddle. Then finally gathering up the courage awhile later, Aurelia asks: "How many kids did Voldemort have?" Mae tenses "Why do you want to know? What did Atticus tell you?" "Nothing." Aurelia says, furrowing her eyebrows, "I was, well, — uh, well, I thought you would know since, uh, well . . . You were in the inner circle, or at least Bellatrix was. I thought — I thought maybe, she might've told you?" "He had six children. Trix and I thought they were all dead before today. He always killed his children. I never understood it, Trix never understood it. It mortified us, it mortified all his followers but, they never said anything. Not after Tybalt." Tapping her steering wheel, Mae sighs: "He wanted an heir. I remember him tellin' that to Cygnus just after he killed his second son but, he couldn't risk it. His wife, Esrom, had once predicted that a baby would be his downfall —" Aurelia sucks in a sharp breath "She meant Harry did — didn't she?" "I believe so. I recall him tellin' Cygnus that he could only make out some words. He said it was one of Esrom's most incoherent predictions. He assumed she meant his own baby because she was pregnant with Tybalt at the time. Her prediction was made years before Harry's parent were born, but . . . She could've very well meant him. Bellatrix thought that too . . . He had six children all their mothers, save for Atticus', were Death-Eaters. Atticus mother had something Voldemort thought he needed — the diadem." She pauses "Six poor children including Atticus. Two were from his wife . . . Tybalt the eldest in nineteen-fifty-four, he was the only Riddle child to make it out the womb with You-Know-Who's knowledge before he was killed then little Alaric, what Esrom wanted to call him, would've been born sometime 'round nineteen-sixty-five. Then, o' course, ye have heard of Callisto's daughter, the one she wanted to call Cressida. And then Gwendoline Goyle, Trix told me that Gwendoline had named it despite not being able to learn of it's gender. Grey for a boy or Griselda for a girl. They're all dead, I know most of them weren't sentient but, they should've got a chance . . . Their mothers wanted them, that's the worst part of it all, they were all wanted but, their mothers wouldn't dare say otherwise to You-Know-Who." Aurelia feels sick to her stomach, she felt the same way as Mae did but, she didn't expect her to feel that way. She had a terrible feeling about the way Mae got so passionate about it all and so suddenly too. Swallowing thickly as her mind races with a hundred different theories, all of them horrible, of course. "Was Bellatrix one of them?" Aurelia asks hesitantly, "The mothers, I mean." Once again, Mae slams on the brakes, her face turns an unnatural, vivid red colour. When she turns to her Aurelia, her green eyes are burning like acid "NO! Of course not!" Her tone is sharper than a knife and filled with rage. Never before had Mae spoke to Aurelia like this, it sends her brain whirling, it's a yes, of course it's a yes! Mae wouldn't have reacted like this otherwise. Oh, it's a yes. Tears threaten to spill, caused by both the fact Mae had yelled at her and Bellatrix had definitely lost a baby to Voldemort. That must've destroyed her. Perhaps, that's why Bellatrix cares so much about her despite the fact Aurelia is a Half-Blood — the daughter of a werewolf. Bellatrix probably sees Aurelia as a replacement, she might even think that Aurelia is the daughter she lost depending on how far apart the pregnancies were and how badly Azkaban had addled with her brain. It explains how nice Bellatrix acted towards her in Azkaban; it might even explain why she chose to take part in Greyback's plan. She blinks away tears, nothing is said the rest of the way back to Grimmauld Place. The silence is awkward and Aurelia is left hoping Mae isn't that mad at her. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ A fight breaks out mere minutes after they arrive at Grimmauld Place and it's not between Aurelia and Mae but Molly, Lyra, and Mae. It starts when Molly finds out about Aurelia's pierced nose when Nym points it out and says 'it's cool' and the fight quickly snowballed out of control before anyone could even blink. Every single action Mae has done for Aurelia and Elliot, no matter how long ago they happened, is questioned. Molly tells Mae that she thinks therapy is a horrible idea for Aurelia and Lyra tears the mickey out of Aurelia for having to go to therapy. And, of course, it wouldn't be a true Molly and Mae fight if Molly doesn't throw "You're not their real mother, Maeve!" in her face. That saying has been said to Mae one too many times and she's had enough of it. She fixes Molly with a heated glare and fights back. "Actually, ye wee bitch, I am Aurelia's biological mother! However, I fail to see how that would make me more of mother than the fact that I raised her since birth, took her in when her guardians threw her out, supported her through everythin'! Which is everythin' I have done for Elliot since he was a wee babe and we're not biologically related. I took him in without an ounce of hesitation. He is my son just as Aurelia is my daughter and I am their mother whether we share blood or not!" Mae is screaming, her face is vividly red like it had been in the car. The portrait of Walburga Black is screaming too, Nym who had been caught in the middle of the fight, rushes out of the kitchen to shut the portrait up. Casting a glance that's both a bit disgusted and mortified at Aurelia, Molly pales "You did that ritual with Bellatrix Lestrange?! You — you actually had a child with that woman?!" "Don't ye look at her like that, Weasley! An' so what if I did?" Mae says, "So what? Now ye can't tell me I'm not a 'real' mother and that makes you o' so sad? Havin' my own biological kids, doesn't make me a real mother! The fact that I love and cherish them, support them, protect them, and can actually tell the damned difference between the two of them makes me a real bloody mother." Lyra lets out a bark-like laugh, looking directly at Aurelia "You're even more of an abomination than I thought. Ha, I've always known you weren't really Remus' daughter. Bellatrix would never fuck him, turns out I was right, she lied to him! Ha, wait until he finds out!" Aurelia frowns, except she is. Remus is her father, Mae is also her biological mother alongside Bellatrix. Her genes are split between three people which is probably why the book on Donum Vitaes say that it messes with genes. Molly and Lyra are only assuming that Mae and Bellatrix did the ritual to have a child sharing genes between only the two of them. Mae fixes with Lyra with the coldest stare "I don't think Remus will take kindly to ye callin' his daughter an abomination. Aurelia is in fact his daughter. Voldemort did order Bellatrix to have Remus' kid for Greyback. Bellatrix and I, with Remus' permission, o' course, decided to use the older version of the ritual. The one where the child must be conceived between a man and a woman first. We thought it would lower her chances of picking up Remus' Lycanthropy." The lie comes out smoothly, still, Lyra looks absolutely pissed. "Give it up, Macleod!" Lyra hisses, "Remus is not her father! It's obvious, Bellatrix would never touch Remus with a ten foot pole! There's no way, none — it's all a lie and you must know it! Don't you feel bad for lying to him? I mean look at the brat, she looks just like her!" Blinking back tears, Aurelia steps forward "Who are you talking about? Mum, is she telling the truth! Who do I look like?" Mae shakes her head, soothingly patting Aurelia's back "She's not tellin' the truth. She's just very protective of Remus and she's in denial of everythin'." Lyra growls "Codswallop!" "Lyra, I would never lie to Remus. He knows the truth, there is nothin' that he doesn't know about Aurelia. Aurelia's takin' after the Howells for the most part. Hope and Remus do look similar to her but, it's not what ye think it is. It can't be what ye think it is. If it was Aurelia would be dead." Mae says cooly. "You're lying and I'm going to prove it!" Lyra snarls, "Just you bloody wait! I know she's not Remus'! And, I know she's dangerous! She's a danger to Remus, to Neville, and to everyone around her! You'd do best to listen to me before it's too late." With that, Lyra's stomps out of kitchen. Looking so angry that steam might come out of ears like it does in Muggle cartoons. Mae turns to Molly, raising an eyebrow. "Anythin' else ye would like to say, Weasley?" "Oh!" Molly says shrilly, "There are many things I would like to say to you. None of which should be said in front of children. Aurelia, I think it's best you go upstairs so I can finish this discussion with Maeve." Aurelia blinks back tears at the slightly disgusted look Molly is giving her, it takes a lot but, Aurelia gives her a blank stare. Still, as hard as she tries, her lower lip trembles slightly. "You're not my mum, you can't tell me what to do." Aurelia says cooly, "Mae is my mum." Aurelia doesn't want to leave Mae, she doesn't want Molly to hurt Mae's feelings anymore than she already has. "It's alright, wee moon." Mae says, "Go on upstairs for now." Aurelia shakes her head, tears slipping down her flushed cheeks. She wants to stay and defend Mae. "Do your children ever listen to you, Maeve, or do you always let them run wild?" Molly questions disdainfully. Aurelia blinks in surprise, this is the worst Molly has ever spoken to Mae. She knew that Molly could be a right bitch to Mae sometimes but, she didn't think that Molly could ever be that much of a bitch. Mae rolls her eyes "My children listen to me plenty. I am their mother after all, they know when to listen to me. Aurelia will listen to me but, she wants to be stubborn right now because she's tryin' to defend me from ye. Which she wouldn't have to do if ye weren't such a prejudiced bitch. There is nothin' more that ye have to actually say to me, all your problems with me are really just deeply rooted prejudiced. I'm a Squib and ye don't like that so ye have to nitpick everythin' I do even if ye have done those things yerself." "I —" "For example, take Harry Potter in as yer own. How is that any different then me takin' in Elliot or Aurelia?" Mae pauses, "It's not, Molly. I am a mother, I have been since I took Elliot in. I don't need to have my own children to qualify as one. And, if I wasn't a Squib, ye wouldn't be sayin' anythin' about it." "But you — but, I — you — it's unnatural!" Molly says, gesturing wildly at Aurelia. She hears the sound, it's sickeningly loud and — SMACK! before she can even process the fact Mae had moved swiftly forward and backhanded Molly across the face. Mae guides Aurelia out of the room, seething in rage, she calls over her shoulder "Go fuck yourself, Molly!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It's almost a month later, nearing the end of July and everything has gone to shit. The next full moon is closely approaching and Aurelia feels like shit, worse than the last month. Then again, her health had been on a rapid decline since that fight so no wonder the amount of discomfort, nausea, and migraines had doubled this time around. The only decent things, Aurelia had outside Elliot and the twins, who weren't much help when she locked herself away in her room and stayed in bed on most days, were the ghosts that visited her in her dreamless sleep and her therapy sessions. Mae had yet to get that diadem for him but, Atticus has made no mention of it since. He's truly there to help her. In the past few sessions, Aurelia likes to think they've made progress, Atticus told her more about depression which she showed many signs of and he advised her to go to a Muggle doctor. The Muggle doctor prescribed her some pills which he called 'Anti-Depressants' and Aurelia had thought they were working rather well up until the point they went missing a few days ago. She's pretty sure Kreacher stole them, recognising they were Muggle objects and wanted to dispose of them but, she hadn't seen Kreacher around. Which is why part of the reason why she's cleaning now, waiting for him to show up to yell at her not to touch a certain object, so far she's had no luck. So here Aurelia stands in the far corner of a dusty room that had yet to be cleaned, dusting away at a dresser. Molly had forced all the kids to clean this very large room while she made dinner for the night. And, technically Molly hadn't asked Aurelia to clean, it seems now that Molly knew about Mae being her biological mother, she was determined to avoid Aurelia. Aurelia had heard a few passing thoughts from Molly's mind and now she sort of thought that Aurelia was now an abomination. To each their fucking own, Aurelia thinks. Although it hurts, Aurelia tries her best not to be all that bothered by what Molly thinks. At least Arthur is intrigued by it, the past few weeks, he's been asking Mae questions about it a lot, Mae is more than happy to answer them. Of course, Arthurs think that Aurelia is just biologically Mae and Bellatrix's daughter, they don't realise that Mae's only biologically related to her because of Blood Magic, he had assumed that Mae and Bellatrix did the magical ritual to have their own kid together. Neither Mae or Aurelia correct him on it, Aurelia would much rather him think that than know the real story. She's not in the mood to clean (if she was being honest she would much rather be dead) but, Aurelia wanted to find Kreacher (he never answered when she called him) and she had thought it would be a great way for her to get her mind off things. It had been working fairly well, that was until Hermione and the others came over to her. "Aurelia?" Hermione says, eyeing Aurelia who had begun to aggressively dust the dresser in front of her, trying to ignore the others that had gathered around her. "Aurelia, are you alright?" Aurelia looks down at Hermione and glares "I'm fine." "You don't need to be short with us, we just wanted to make sure you're alright." Aurelia grinds her teeth, it's a kind gesture and Aurelia shouldn't feel as though it isn't but, she does. "I said I'm fine!" Aurelia snaps, irritation bubbles under her skin, feeling like prickly ants. Why can't they just leave her the hell alone?! "Hey! Don't snap at her! She was only asking asking a bloody question!" Ron shouts which summons Molly, who comes bursting through the door with an annoyed expression. "What's with all this shouting?!" Molly demands to know looking over everyone in the room with the exception of Aurelia, just how long was this behaviour going to last? "Nothing." Ginny says idly, looking at her mother and the others "We're just telling jokes." at the mention of jokes Molly gives the twins a stern look, then proceeds to leave the room as she realises nothing serious had happened. "Sooo." George says, looking around the room. "Why don't we actually tell some jokes." Fred suggests, clearly trying to diffuse the tension in the room, there's a moment of silence as no one is in the mood to actually joke around. Elliot rolls his eyes at the twins the plays along by sarcastically asking: "Why did the chicken cross the road?" Aurelia rolls her eyes at him, deciding to amuse him as she continues to dust the dresser, which was still not be getting any cleaner "Why did the chicken cross the road, Ellie?" Elliot smiles sarcastically "To escape the impending doom of his daddy issues that have haunted him since early childhood." George gives him a look that reads 'how the bloody hell was that a joke, Ellie?'. Once again, Aurelia rolls her eyes, laughing softly "Okay there, El, it looks like you need therapy too." "It looks like you're right!" Aurelia looks at the others, she rubs her arms feeling a chill of cold air wash over her "Er, well, not to sound rude but, uh, could you please leave me alone. I just want to be alone." They all nod their heads, although Hermione doesn't look at too thrilled about it. Elliot stares at Aurelia, with narrowed eyes before pushing Ron and Hermione out of the way. He leans up against the dresser a frown evident on his face. And, once again he stares at her closely before saying: "Blue, you should go lay down. You look like hell." Aurelia scoffs, looking up at him "Well, duh, I just got back." she retorts and Elliot rolls his eyes at her. "Did your lame ass just fucking quote Heathers to me?" He says as he shakes his head, "Sweet Merlin, what has Newton done to you?!" "Showed me some fucking awesome movies." Elliot sighs, rolling his eyes and shaking of his head "While you make a valid point, Blue, so do I, go lay down. You look like you're going to pass out any second now." he chides her, taking the cloth she had been using to dust out of her hands, "Go lie down!" "I'm feeling just fine." Aurelia whines, trying to reach for the dusting cloth and take it back from Elliot, who raises his eyebrow as he holds the cloth up higher. "Oh, really, Blue." Elliot says amusedly causing Aurelia to narrow her eyes at him. But, she doesn't say anything as she continues to reach for the dusting cloth, just barely out of her reach. "You literally look like death, Blue, you're paler than usual and you're fucking sweating, it's god damn freezing in this room! You are sick, Blue! S-I-C-K. You are sick and you need sleep!" Aurelia rolls her eyes at Elliot and the Weasley twins snickers "You know —" Fred begins quietly. "For someone who just reeks 'daddy issues' he can be such a dad sometimes." George finishes, shaking his head as Elliot places his free hand on Aurelia's forehead. "You are burning up!" Elliot says, "That's it, I'm putting you to bed, no ifs, ands, or buts about it!" he grabs ahold of Aurelia's wrist and pulls her out of the room, "You need to tell someone when you're not feeling well! You could be seriously sick! I mean, you have a fever and those are never good, once you're in bed, I'll see if I can make you some soup for when you wake up —" Elliot scolds, dragging her away to her room, rambling away as he does so. The Weasley children shudder to themselves as Elliot sounds eerily similar to Molly Weasley. "I take that back." George says as he shudders once more, "He's definitely a mum." Despite Aurelia's meek protests, Elliot drags her all the way to her room where he forces her to lie in her bed. He begins to wrap blanket upon blanket over top of the squirming girl "Salazar's socks! Blue, how many blankets do you have? You can't be this cold." "I like blankets!" Aurelia says defensively, "And, I'm not always cold, I was just cold last night and today and maybe this whole week. Still, leave me and my ten blankets alone!" "Ten?! You have ten blankets on here?!" Elliot exclaims, "You know what, you're right, I'll save my judgement for later, right now look like you're about to drop dead!" Aurelia sighs softly "Dying sounds nice right about now — I mean, I'm fine, Ellie, It's just a headache, I get them monthly, you know why, I'm seriously fine." Elliot shakes his head "No, you're not, Blue. You have a fever, and you're not gonna be able to sweat it out —" "Am I really that sweaty — I am — oh, shit." Aurelia says, sounding dreamy as she touches her hand to her forehead to find that it soaked with sweat. Aurelia frowns, pulling the covers up to her chin "Hey, Ellie, you think Remus loves me, you know, despite the fact that well, you know . . ." Elliot frowns at the randomness of the question "Of course he loves you, Blue. Now get some rest." With that he wastes no time in leaving the room so Aurelia can get some rest. Elliot would have to tell Hermione and Ginny to be quiet while entering the room since she would more than likely be sleeping if they went in there. Aurelia sniffles. Well, fuck! Aurelia thinks, crying again! The fight between Molly, Mae, and Lyra had left her with much to think about. Things she doesn't want to think about, the women were clearly against her existence, and they made that clear to Mae without even caring that Aurelia was right there. Lyra had said things that Aurelia couldn't get out of her mind about Remus and Neville. Everything was changing and quite frankly, Aurelia wanted nothing more than for it to stop. First it was the return of Voldemort, then it was the fact her entire fucking life which happened to be one huge fucking lie! It's probably still a fucking lie, now that Lyra's got Aurelia doubting the fact Remus is truly her father — and Neville! Their friendship would never be the same once he knew. Would they even be friends after he found out — no! Don't think about that now! Aurelia closes her eyes and tries to stop her racing thoughts. Nothing would ever be the same again. Aurelia frowns at that thought but with it, her brain seems to quiet down. Although she quickly starts to wish it hadn't because now all she feels is numbness. Aurelia buries her her head under the covers and slowly but surely she's dragged into the depths of unconsciousness only to be brutally awaken not even fifteen minutes later to: "SO YOU HAVEN'T BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOU'VE STILL BEEN HERE, HAVEN'T YOU? YOU'VE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, I'VE BEEN STUCK AT THE DURSLEYS' FOR A MONTH! AND I'VE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWO'VE EVER MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT - WHO SAVED THE SORCERER'S STONE? WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE DEMENTORS?" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Don't know why I'm bothering posting this since no one ever reviews this story or adds it to their follows/favorites but I hope you enjoyed Mae tearing the fuck out of Molly and Lyra! And oop finally, Harry's here and it's going to be low-key tension filled because Aurelia is going to be a bitter baby! Also about two chapter left before Nevari™ reunites, it was supposed to be one but, I decided it was best to split the next chapter into two parts! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! word count: 5433
I'M GOING TO KILL HIM, AURELIA THINKS, immediately after she's fallen off her bed and found herself tangled in all of her blankets. It's Harry. He must've just arrived, Aurelia recalls that the Order had been in a panic because precious 'Golden Boy' Potter was attacked by Dementors. Which totally could've been avoided if Dumbledore had decided not to be a shady bitch and brought Harry here sooner. As she untangles herself from her blankets, Harry continues to yell up a storm: "WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM HIM? ME!" Aurelia grinds her teeth, well fuck you too, Potter! "BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER TO TELL ME WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING? — CAN'T'VE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOU'D HAVE SENT ME AN OWL, BUT DUMBLEDORE MADEYOU SWEAR — FOUR WEEKS I'VE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHAT'S BEEN GOING ON —" She understands that he's angry, she understands why he's angry and she completely sympathises with him. But, she still wants him to shut the bloody hell up, free from the blankets, Aurelia pulls herself to her feet and storms down the hall to where Harry's voice is the loudest. "I SUPPOSE YOU'VE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVEN'T YOU, ALL HOLED UP HERE TOGETHER —" Opening the door, Harry's voice only increases as does the throbbing in her head; Aurelia makes a mental note to ask Remus to ask Lyra for a potion to ease it. Harry is standing in front Hermione and Ron, who appear to be both startled and speechless as he yells at them. "Sweet Merlin, Harry!" Aurelia says, shaking her head but, that only makes her very dizzy. He stops yelling mid-sentence to glare at her, quite ready to turn his frustrations out on her. "You're yelling at them with the intensity of a serial killer, it looks like your teen angst will have a body count if you don't lay off them!" Aurelia says. Harry narrows his eyes "How would you feel if you were kept in the dark for weeks, huh?!" "Oh, yeah?" Aurelia says cooly, "Try fifteen bloody years." Then, she shrugs her shoulders, blank looking taking over her features "But, to answer you're question: I'd be bloody pissed. But, it's not Ron and Hermione's fault. Blame Dumbledore, he was the one who told us not to tell you anything in any letters. He's the one who made the shady decision to keep you in the dark not them. And, Potter? I was in that cemetery too . . . Just thought I'd let you know in case you have forgotten that too." Harry falls silent yet again, then asks: "Have you been crying?" "No!" Aurelia says defensively, turning her hair pink, "Anyway, ha, ha! Welcome to Grimmauld Place, Potter." "The what place?" "Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix!" Ron says. "Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix —" "It's a secret society." Hermione says quickly, "Dumbledore's in charge, he founded it. It's the people who fought against You-Know-Who last time." "Who's in it?" "Quite a few people —" Aurelia says, her favourites happen to be the Hattersleys. Descendants of Ian Hattersley, the Donum Vitae dude, and a father-daughter duo. Cyrus Hattersley is a severe looking man but a doting father and his daughter, Thalia although a bit air-headed at times is a complete badass, who works a lot of shifts in underground Azkaban, she happened to be the one who had led Aurelia and Dumbledore to Bellatrix's cell. Before Aurelia can tell Harry about the members of the order, Ron cuts in with: "We've met about twenty of them but, we think there are more." It's probably for the best, Aurelia would probably annoy him with all the details and names of them members. "Well?" Harry demands, glaring at the lot of them. "Er, well what?" Ron says. "Voldemort!" Harry says furiously, and both Ron and Hermione wince, Aurelia frowns because she doesn't know what to tell him. None of them know what's going on with Voldemort. "What's happening? What's he up to? Where is he? What are we doing to stop him?" "We've told you, the Order don't let us in on their meetings." Hermione says nervously, "So we don't know the details — but, we've got a general idea." "Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see," Ron says, "They're really useful." "Extendable? —" "Ears, yeah. Only we've had to stop using them lately because Mum found out and went berserk. Fred and George had to hide them all to stop Mum binning them. But, we got a good bit of use out of them before Mum realized what was going on. We know some of the Order are following known Death Eaters, keeping tabs on them, you know —" "Some of them are working on recruiting more people to the Order —" Hermione says. "And some of them are standing guard over something, they're always talking about guard duty." Ron says. "Couldn't have been me, could it?" Harry says sarcastically. "Oh, yeah." Ron says, with a look of dawning comprehension. Harry snorts, walking around the room "So, what have you two been doing, if you're not allowed in meetings? You said you'd been busy"' "We have!" Hermione says quickly. "We've been decontaminating this house, it's been empty for ages and stuff's been breeding in here. We've managed to clean out the kitchen, most of the bedrooms and I think we're doing the drawing room tomo —" With two loud cracks, Fred and George had materialised out of thin air in the middle of the room. They along with Elliot had passed their apparition test earlier that summer, while Elliot didn't use this every chance he could get, Fred and George did. Besides Nym, Elliot, and Aurelia, the others were getting annoyed by the twins overuse of apparition. If she's being honest, Aurelia finds it rather amusing (except for the one time Fred had apparated into her room while she was sitting on her bed in her bra and underwear reading To Kill a Mockingbird out loud to herself, she ended up chucking the book at Fred before he apparated out of the room) she might even considered it to be the best thing this summer had to offer — next to her growing a whole two inches taller — it's especially funny when they scare Hermione or Molly with it. "You — you!" Hermione cries out feebly, pointing a shaking finger at the twins "You need to stop doing that!" Aurelia smiles at the exchange, shaking her head as she glances at Hermione then to the twins, her hair gets brighter just by looking at the huge smiles on their faces. "Hello, Harry! We thought we heard your dulcet tones!" George says, looking Harry up and down with a huge smile on his face. "You don't want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, just let it all out." Fred adds, beaming at Harry as he walks over to Aurelia, who notices that he's got an extendable ear in his hand, she roll her eyes. "You two passed your apparition tests, then?" Harry says. "With distinction." Fred says, earning a snort from Aurelia and in turn Fred flicks her forehead. "It would've taken you thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs." Ron says, Hermione quickly nods her head in agreement. "Time is Galleons, little brother." Aurelia snorts "And you would call me lazy." "No one asked you, Aurelia." George says amusedly. "Bugger of, Georgie." Aurelia says, sticking out her tongue. Aurelia glances at Fred who is now explaining the use of the extendable ear to Harry, her attention quickly turns to Ron who says: "You want to be careful, if mum sees one of them again." "It's worth the risk." Fred says dismissively, "That's a big meeting they're having." Aurelia sits down on the bed as Ginny and Elliot enter the room, saying: "Oh, look the gang's all here." "I thought you were going to sleep." Elliot says, nudging her shoulder as he takes a seat beside her. "Yeah, but Harry's here now." Aurelia says as though it explains everything. "Hello, Harry," Ginny says brightly, "I thought I heard your voice!" "It's a no-go with the extendable ears." Elliot informs the twins. "Yeah, mum's gone and put an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door." Ginny says, nodding in agreement. "How'd you know?" George says, looking absolutely crestfallen. "I heard Molly say something to Remus and Lyra about it." Aurelia says quietly. "Tonks told me how to find out." Ginny says. "Objects can't make contact with a door if it's been Imperturbed. Ginny's been flicking dungbombs at it and they just soar away from the door. There's no chance you'll be able to get that through the gap." Elliot explains. "Shame, I really fancied finding out what old Snape has been up to." Fred sighs. Aurelia rolls her eyes at the mention of Professor Snape, muttering: "What an asshole." "Snape's here?" Harry asks. "Yeah." George says as he shuts the door Elliot and Ginny had left open, "Giving a report. Top secret." "Git." Fred cut in, Ginny, Elliot, and Aurelia nodded their heads in agreement. "He's on our side now." Hermione says reprovingly and Aurelia snorted, sending a disbelieving look Hermione's way. "I'm pretty certain he's fucking Death-Eater like Lucius and my mother. I highly fucking doubt he's truly on our side." Aurelia laughs bitterly, her hair becoming a dark pink color but it instantly brightens again before anyone can comment on it. "Bill doesn't like him either." Ginny says. "That's because Bill's a good judge of character." Aurelia says. It's true and not only because of the whole Snape thing, Bill never judged Mae for being a Squib. He never asked uncomfortable questions about it like the other Weasley children had. He even saw Fleur Delacour for who she really was. Fleur had been writing her letters about Bill and how he was helping her improve on her English, she would go on and on about how wonderful Bill was; it was cute. Of course, she never wrote letters back, Aurelia had no energy to reply to any of the letters she got. But, Fleur happened to very understanding about it all much like Neville has been. Both Neville and Fleur write letters constantly, sounding as though Aurelia was writing back to them when in reality she wasn't although she really wanted to but when she's put her pen to the paper her mind would go blank and she could never think of good things to say. "Is Bill here?" Harry asks, sitting down on the other bed, "I thought he was working in Egypt?" "He applied for a desk job so he could come home and work for the Order." Fred says, "He says he misses the tombs, but, there are compensations." "What d'you mean?" "Remember old Fleur Delacour?" George says, "She's got a job at Gringotts to eempwve 'er Eeenglish —" "And Bill's been giving her a lot of private lessons." Fred sniggers. "It's not like that, you wanker." Aurelia says defensively, elbowing him in the gut. "Charlie's in the Order, too," George says, "but he's still in Romania. Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlie's trying to make contacts on his days off." "Couldn't Percy do that?" Harry asks. At his words, Aurelia freezes, the Weasleys and Hermione exchange darkly significant looks. "Whatever you do, don't mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad." Ron tells Harry in a tense voice. Aurelia feels tears burn her eyes as she thinks of Percy. Even though she's bloody pissed at him, she wishes he was here right now, she could sure use his company. "Why not?" "Because every time Percy's name's mentioned, Dad breaks whatever he's holding and Mum starts crying." Fred says, glancing nervously at Aurelia. He leaves out the fact that she usually cries too when he's mentioned. "It's been awful." Ginny says sadly. "I think we're well shut of him." George says. "What's happened?" "Percy and Dad had a row," Fred explains, "I've never seen Dad row with anyone like that. It's normally Mum who shouts." "It was the first week back after term ended, we were about to come and join the Order. Percy came home and told us he'd been promoted." Ron says. "You're kidding?" "Aye, we were all surprised," Aurelia says quietly, "Well, Percy deserved the promotion but, the timing and well, you know . . ." "Percy got into a load of trouble about Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realized Crouch was off his rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy, Crouch left him in charge, he wasn't going to complain." George says. "So how come they promoted him?" "That's exactly what we wondered, he came home really pleased with himself — even more pleased than usual, if you can imagine that — and told Dad he'd been offered a position in Fudge's own office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts: Junior Assistant to the Minister. He expected Dad to be all impressed, I think." "Only Dad wasn't." Fred says grimly. "Why not?" "Because it's obvious they only promoted him for their own gain! Percy was too excited to see that. He would've eventually but, he's just so stupidly ambitious." Aurelia says. "Well, yeah that too . . . I guess." Fred agrees with Aurelia, "But, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry checking that nobody's having any contact with Dumbledore." "Dumbledore's name is mud with the Ministry these days, see," George says, "They all think he's just making trouble saying You-Know-Who's back. Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone who's in league with Dumbledore can clear out their desks." "Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, he knows he's friendly with Dumbledore, and he's always thought Dad's a bit of a weirdo because of his Muggle obsession." Fred says. "But what's that got to do with Percy?" Harry asks, confused. "I'm coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in his office because he wants to use him to spy on the family — and Dumbledore." Harry lets out a low whistle "Bet Percy loved that." Ron laughs hollowly "He went absolutely berserk. He said — well, he said loads of terrible stuff. He said he's been having to struggle against Dad's lousy reputation ever since he joined the Ministry and that Dad's got no ambition and that's why we've always been — you know — not had a lot of money, I mean —" "What?" Harry says in disbelief, while Ginny makes a noise like an angry cat. This part of the fight had happened after Aurelia had stormed out of the room." "I know," Ron says in a low voice. "And it got worse. He said Dad was an idiot to run around with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and Dad was going to go down with him, and that he — Percy — knew where his loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry. And if Mum and Dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry he was going to make sure everyone knew he didn't belong to our family any more. And he packed his bags the same night and left. He's living here in London now." Harry swears under his breath. "Mum's been in a right state." Ron says dully, "You know — crying and stuff. She came up to London to try and talk to Percy but he slammed the door in her face. I dunno what he does if he meets Dad at work — ignores him, I s'pose." "But Percy must know Voldemort's back," Harry says slowly. "He's not stupid, he must know your mum and dad wouldn't risk everything without proof." "Of course, he knows deep down." Aurelia says and she hopes what she says is true, "A lot of people know deep down that he's back, that there's always been a possibility he could come back but . . . Well, a lot of them are in denial. It's stupid but, that's what fear does to some people." "Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row," Ron says, "Percy said the only evidence was your word and... I dunno... he didn't think it was good enough." "Our word." Aurelia mutters under breath, "I was there too." "Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously," Hermione says tartly, and the others all nod. "What are you talking about?" Harry asks. "Haven't — haven't you been getting the Daily Prophet!" Hermione asks nervously. "Yeah, I have!" "Have you — er — been reading it thoroughly?" Hermione asks, still more anxiously. "Not cover to cover," Harry says defensively. "If they were going to report anything about Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldn't it?" "Well, you'd need to read it cover to cover to pick it up, but they — um — they mention you a couple of times a week." Hermione says hurriedly. "But I'd have seen —" "Not if you've only been reading the front page, you wouldn't," Hermione says with a shake of her head, "I'm not talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like you're a standing joke." "What d'you —?" "It's quite nasty, actually. They're just building on Rita's stuff." "But she's not writing for them any more, is she?" "Oh, no, she's kept her promise — not that she's got any choice," Hermione adds with satisfaction, "But, she laid the foundation for what they're trying to do now." Hermione had told Aurelia all about Skeeter being a unregistered beetle Animagus, they had figured it out around the same time as each other, only Hermione actually did something about it. Something Aurelia thought had been a little messed up. "Which is what?" Harry says impatiently. "Okay, you know she wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was hurting and all that?" "Yeah." "Well, they're writing about you as though you're this deluded, attention-seeking person who thinks he's a great tragic hero or something. They keep slipping in snide comments about you. If some far-fetched story appears, they say something like, 'tale worthy of Harry Potter', and if anyone has a funny accident or anything it's, 'lets hope he hasn't got a scar on his forehead or we'll be asked to worship him next —" "I don't want anyone to worship —" Harry begins hotly. "Well, at least you aren't being called your best friend's murderer!" Aurelia huffs angrily, "The worst part is that they've confirmed that Gwendoline Goyle was indeed there thanks to me who was at the cemetery with Potter, by the way! They know she was there but, still! — Still, most of them are placing the blame on me!" They heard her, they definitely heard her but no one says anything to her, Hermione focuses on keeping Harry calm instead. "I know you don't, I know, Harry. But you see what they're doing? They want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, I'll bet anything. They want wizards on the street to think you're just some stupid boy who's a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it going." "I didn't ask — I didn't want — Voldemort killed my parents!" Harry splutters, "I got famous because he murdered my family but couldn't kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Don't they think I'd rather it'd never —" "We know, Harry!" Ginny says earnestly. "And of course, they didn't report a word about the Dementors attacking you," Hermione says hastily, "Someone's told them to keep that quiet. That should've been a really big story, out-of-control Dementors. They haven't even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We thought they would, it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off. We think they're biding their time until you're expelled, then they're really going to go to town — I mean, if you're expelled, obviously. You really shouldn't be, not if they abide by their own laws, there's no case against you." The conversation quickly comes to a halt as the sound of footsteps are heard coming up the stairs. "Uh oh." Fred gives the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was another loud crack and he and George vanish. Seconds later, Molly appeared in the bedroom doorway "The meeting's over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyone's dying to see you, Harry. And who's left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door?" "Crookshanks," Ginny says unblushingly, "He loves playing with them." "Oh," says Molly, "I thought it might have been Kreacher, he keeps doing odd things like that. Now don't forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what have you been doing? Go and wash them before dinner, please." Ginny grimaces at the others and follows her mother out of the room. Aurelia not wanting to be around Harry any longer, follows after them. It's not until she gets to the kitchen does she realise just how hungry she is but, she doubts she'll be able to eat anything with how nauseous she is. Aurelia takes a seat next to Remus because he's the least likely to yell during the dinner. Her head is throbbing still and she wishes she had stayed up in her room and slept; she feels like she's going to be sick. Remus glances at her "Are you alright?" he wonders and Aurelia starts to shake her head but, stops and nods. "Yeah, yeah. I'm fine." She lies. "You . . . Don't, uh, look so good." "I never look good." "That's not what I meant." "I know." Aurelia says, picking up the cup of tea Mae had made for her, "I was just throwing it out there." Remus shakes his head, smiling softly "Oh, Rory, I can see that you spend a lot of time around Elliot and the twins." She takes a sip of the tea and once again, Remus asks if she's alright to which she tells him she's fine. Remus doesn't look at that convinced by her answer but he doesn't question her any longer. Suddenly her stomach churns violently and she pales, oh no, not now, Aurelia thinks, placing her cup of tea back on the table. Remus notices the change in her demeanor, staring at her questioningly when she says nothing he places a hand on her shoulder. His eyes widen as he whispers loudly to her "Aurelia, you're burning up!" She doesn't respond, Aurelia pushes her chair back and it makes a loud screeching noise as it scrapes across the floor but she pays no mind to it nor the fact that almost everyone in the kitchen is staring at her. She bolts to the bathroom but, she doesn't make it. Only a foot away from the bathroom door, her stomach churns violently again, she feels the stomach acid burn her throat as the food from last night resurfaces. Her legs shake violently as she gags and chokes on the vomit. She sits against the wall when it's done, breathing heavily. Merlin's beard, does she ever hate being sick. Aurelia sucks in a deep breath, instantly regretting it because of the bad taste in her mouth. Her vision becomes blurry as she starts to cry. Molly and all the others had worked so hard on cleaning up Grimmauld place and she had just vomited all over it, she felt absolutely terrible for ruining all of their hard work. Two sets of footsteps approach her, the now green-haired Aurelia bites back a sob as someone places a hand on her shoulder. "Oh, wow, kid!" It's Thalia Hattersley, her voice is soft and full of concern, "You are burning up, Mr. Lupin wasn't kidding." She mumbled as she tugged gently on her niece's arm "Come along now, we should get you cleaned up, Mr. Lupin, can you clean up the floor while I tend to her?" "I've already got it, Thalia." Remus says dismissively, with a wave of his wand the vomit on the floor was gone, "I'll get Aurelia some water to rinse her mouth out." "I'm sorry." Aurelia mumbles as Thalia makes her sit down on the toilet. Thalia shakes her head pressing a hand to Aurelia's forehead, her hand is cold against her head and Aurelia sighs heavily, enjoying the feeling. "Don't apologise." Thalia says, "Do you think you're going to be sick again?" "No, uh, I think I'm good now, this has happened before, it's normal... I think I'm good now." Aurelia replies, "I still have a killer headache though." Thalia gives her a small grin before pulling out her wand and muttering a spell under her breath and the splotches of vomit on Aurelia's clothes disappear. "It's just the full moon." Aurelia explains after a moment of silence, "This has happened for as long as I can remember and it has always been around the time of the full moon, I mean, it, uh, well it makes sense considering my father is a werewolf and it must've been passed down in some aspects." And the fact she had been attacked by the werewolf probably makes it worse. But, she doesn't say that to Thalia because knowing Thalia, she'd probably press for details even though it will make Aurelia very uncomfortable. Thalia has an issues with boundaries and other people's sensitivities, she means well but she's got a bad habit of making people uncomfortable by getting to close to people both physical and verbal. She only knows to stop if you tell her, Thalia Hattersley is an oblivious fool but, a nice oblivious fool. "I want my mum." Aurelia says quietly. Thalia frowns "Sorry, kiddo, but she left. Mr. Dumbledore sent her somewhere. Didn't really give her time to say goodbye to you or Elliot, it must've been something important." Aurelia cries, like hell it was that important! It takes less than five minutes to say goodbye to someone! Thalia pets her hair awkwardly "Don't worry she won't be long. Mr. Dumbledore said it would only take a few hours at the most, kiddo. Miss. Macleod should be back by midnight at the latest. Aurelia pouts, that's far too long, she wants Mae now. What could Dumbledore possibly want from Mae that would be so important that she couldn't even say goodbye to her own children. "It's not fair." Aurelia says, "Dumbledore is a jackass." "I know — well, not that the jackass part! Mr. Dumbledore is a wonderful man, he's helped my dad out a lot. But, I suppose everyone's entitled to their own opinion as long as it's not hurting anybody. I meant, it's not fair you didn't get to say goodbye or even know that she had left. But, it sounded real important." Aurelia scowls, sniffling, she doesn't care how important it is unless someone's life is on the line which she doubts is the case, she want Mae to be here. She just really wants a hug from Mae. "It's not fair at all, he should've given us more warning! He's probably just using her, using my mum like he uses me — I mean it cannot have been that important, Dumbledore's never asked her to do anything before —" She falls silent as she hears someone stomping their way over to the bathroom, grumbling angrily as they did so. Aurelia glances up to see a very pissed off looking Ginny standing in the bathroom doorway, holding a glass of water "Lupin got caught up in a Mum vs. Sirius battle, now everyone but me is allowed to stay for the meeting." Ginny hands Aurelia the glass of water "Lupin told me to hand this to you on the way up to my room since he got dragged into that mess." "Thanks, Ginny. Am I allowed in the meeting?" Aurelia asks lightly earning a glare from Ginny. "Yes, everyone but me. That is, if you're up to it. No offence, Blue, but you look like pure shit." "Fuck yeah, I'm up for it! There isn't anything that's going to keep me from this! Oh, and don't worry, I'll let you know what they say in the meeting. Aurelia whispers, winking playfully at Ginny who smiles slightly. Of course, that alone doesn't entirely appease Ginny who continues to stomp her way up the stairs. Aurelia takes a few sips of water before she stands up and declares that she's ready for this meeting, Thalia laughs at the determined expression on Aurelia's face and then they both head back to the kitchen. When they enter the room, the tension in it is worse than the sexual tension between George and Elliot. She glances around the room nervously before she takes her previous spot next to Remus. "Are you feeling better?" Remus wonders, keeping his voice low as he looks at Aurelia, she nods and gives him a small smile before turning her attention towards Sirius. He's telling Harry something that's most likely about Voldemort's return " — It would be dangerous for him. His comeback didn't come off quite the way he wanted it to, you see. He messed it up." From beside her Remus speaks up "Or rather you messed it up for him." How?" Harry wonders, his eyebrows knit together in confusion. "You weren't supposed to survive!" Sirius says, "Nobody apart from his Death-Eaters were supposed to know he'd come back, but you, you survived to bear witness." "And the very last person he wanted to be alerted of his return the moment he got back was Dumbledore and you made sure he knew at once." Remus adds. "How has that helped?" Harry asks, still looking very confused. "Are you kidding?" Bill cuts in, sounding suprised, "Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of!" Aurelia nods her head in response to his statement, letting out a yawn. Part of her wishes she had gone upstairs with Ginny as she's growing rather tired. "Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order of the Phoenix about an hour after Voldemort's return." Sirius says, giving Harry a smile. Aurelia glances at Molly, wondering when the older woman would cut this conversation off. "So what's the order been doing?" "Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort can't carry out any of his plans." Sirius tells Harry who is quick to ask another question. Aurelia can tell Harry was starving for answers, she knows exactly how he feels. as there are hundreds of questions swimming through her brain about almost everything that's happened to her since the third task. "How do you know what his plans are?" "Dumbledore's got a shrewd idea." Remus says and from across the table Lyra nods "And Dumbledore's shrewd ideas almost always turn out to be accurate." the blonde adds with a knowing smile that confuses and unnerves Aurelia. "So what does Dumbledore reckon he's planning?" "Well, firstly, he wants to build up his army again." Sirius says and Aurelia pales. Her mother had been part of that army, she slumps back in her seat, looking at her shoes to avoid looking at everyone in the room. They all know who she is, they all judge her for what her for what her mother's done, some not as severely as others. But, the judgment still hangs around her like a heavy wool cloak. Weighing her down, choking her as she tries to show others that she's good. Sirius continues to speak "In the old days he had huge numbers at his command: witches and wizards he'd bullied or bewitched into following him, his faithful Death-Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard him planning to recruit the giants; well, they'll be just one of the groups he's after. He's certainly not going to try and take on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death-Eaters." "So you're trying to stop him getting more followers?" "We're doing our best." Remus says. "How?" "Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who really has returned, to put them on their guard," Bill says, "It's proving tricky, though." "Why?" "Because of the Ministry's attitude," Nym says, "You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know- Who came back, Harry. Well, he hasn't shifted his position at all. He's absolutely refusing to believe it's happened." "But why?" Harry asks desperately, "Why's he being so stupid? If Dumbledore —" "Ah, well, you've put your finger on the problem," Arthur says, with a wry smile. "Dumbledore." "Fudge is frightened of him, you see," Nym says sadly. Although, Aurelia thinks Fudge is being a bloody asshat she doesn't quite blame him for being scared of Dumbledore. She's wary of him too, especially after he brought her to Azkaban and used her against Bellatrix like she was some kind of weapon. "Frightened of Dumbledore?" Harry says incredulously. "Frightened of what he's up to," Arthur says, "Fudge thinks Dumbledore's plotting to overthrow him. He thinks Dumbledore wants to be Minister for Magic." "But Dumbledore doesn't want —" "Of course he doesn't," Arthur says, "He's never wanted the Minister's job, even though a lot of people wanted him to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Fudge came to power instead, but he's never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even though Dumbledore never applied for the job." "Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledore's much cleverer than he is — a much more powerful wizard, and in the early days of his Ministry he was forever asking Dumbledore for help and advice," Remus explains, "But it seems he's become fond of power, and much more confident. He loves being Minister for Magic and he's managed to convince himself that he's the clever one and Dumbledore's simply stirring up trouble for the sake of it." "How can he think that?" Harry says angrily. "How can he think Dumbledore would just make it all up — that I'd make it all up?" "Because he's scared." Aurelia cuts in, "And, not just of Dumbledore but of the possibility of Voldemort being back. I know it's true, you know it's true. Everyone in this room knows it's true. Hell, they're even some people out there who know it's true but, why should they believe it even if it's impossible? A lot of them knows what entails with Voldemort because they were alive when he was raising hell the first time around. They know the horrors of it all, it's been done for over thirteen years. They finally have — finally have peace and they want it to stay that way. A lot of them don't want to believe he is — that's he back because they don't want to relive the horrors of their pasts. Most of them are in denial and so is Fudge." Everyone is staring at her now, Aurelia swallows thickly "It's not right what they're doing but, is it really that wrong. Fear makes people do reckless and shitty things that don't make sense. When the come to their sense, I'm sure they'll make up for their actions. They're just not — um, they don't want to believe Voldemort is back because they're scared." "Aurelia's right. Accepting that Voldemort's back would mean trouble like the Ministry hasn't had to cope with for nearly fourteen years," Sirius says bitterly, "Fudge just can't bring himself to face it. It's so much more comfortable to convince himself Dumbledore's lying to destabilize him." "You see the problem," Remus says,. "While the Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from Voldemort it's hard to convince people he's back, especially as they really don't want to believe it in the first place. What's more, the Ministry's leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what they're calling Dumbledore's rumor-mongering, so most of the wizarding community are completely unaware any things happened, and that makes them easy targets for the Death-Eaters if they're using the Imperius Curse." "But you're telling people, aren't you?" Harry says, looking at the lot of adults, "You're letting people know he's back?" They all smile humorlessly. "Well, as everyone thinks I'm a mad mass-murderer and the Ministry's put a ten thousand Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?" Sirius says restlessly, sounding as though he sort of enjoy doing that. "And I'm not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community," Remus says, "It's an occupational hazard of being a werewolf." "Tonks and Arthur would lose their jobs at the Ministry if they started shooting their mouths off," Sirius says, "and it's very important for us to have spies inside the Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have them." "We've managed to convince a couple of people, though," said Mr. Weasley, "Tonks here, for one — she's too young to have been in the Order of the Phoenix last time, and having Aurors on our side is a huge advantage — Kingsley Shacklebolt's been a real asset, too; he's in charge of the hunt for Sirius, so he's been feeding the Ministry information that Sirius is in Tibet." "But if none of you are putting the news out that Voldemorts back —" Harry begins. "Who said none of us are putting the news out?" Sirius asks, "Why d'you think Dumbledore's in such trouble?" "What d'you mean?" Harry asks. This discussion would've gone a lot faster if Dumbledore had decided not to be a dick and let Harry know what the fuck was going on, Aurelia thinks as she rolls her eyes. "They're trying to discredit him," Remus says, "Didn't you see the Daily Prophet last week? They reported that he'd been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of Wizards because he's getting old and losing his grip, but it's not true; he was voted out by Ministry wizards after he made a speech announcing Voldemorts return. They've demoted him from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot — that's the Wizard High Court — and they're talking about taking away his Order of Merlin, First Class, too." "But Dumbledore says he doesn't care what they do as long as they don't take him off the Chocolate Frog Cards." Bill says, grinning. "It's no laughing matter," Arthur says sharply, "If he carries on defying the Ministry like this he could end up in Azkaban, and the last thing we want is to have Dumbledore locked up. While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledore's out there and wise to what he's up to he's going to go cautiously. If Dumbledore's out of the way — well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field." "But if Voldemort's trying to recruit more Death Eaters it's bound to get out that he's come back, isn't it?" Harry asks desperately. Aurelia raises an eyebrow "Do you think that Voldemort is some kind of Jehovah's Witness —" "Voldemort doesn't march up to people's houses and bang on their front doors, Harry," Sirius says, "He tricks, jinxes and blackmails them. He's well-practiced at operating in secret. In any case, gathering followers is only one thing he's interested in. He's got other plans too, plans he can put into operation very quietly indeed, and he's concentrating on those for the moment." "What's he after apart from followers?" Harry asks swiftly. "Stuff he can only get by stealth." When Harry continues to look puzzled, Sirius adds: "Like a weapon. Something he didn't have last time." "When he was powerful before?" "Yes." "Like what kind of weapon?" Harry asks, "Something worse than the Avada Kedavra —?" "That's enough!" Molly finally interjects. Ooop, Aurelia thinks as she rolls her eyes, there it is! Of course she cuts it off when it gets to the most important part. No matter, Aurelia thinks, I can just ask mum about it when she comes back. Molly crosses her arms, looking absolutely furious. "I want you in bed, now. All of you." "You can't boss us —" Fred begins. "Watch me," Molly snarls then she turns to Sirius, "You've given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct him into the Order straightaway." "Why not?" Harry says quickly, "I'll join, I want to join, I want to fight." "We can't join, we're still kids! We still have to go to Hogwarts and get our education, we're wouldn't be much use to the order just yet." Aurelia says tiredly. "Aurelia's right, Harry. You cannot join." Remus says, "The Order is comprised only of overage wizards — wizards who have left school. There are dangers involved of which you can have no idea, any of you . . . I think Molly's right, Sirius. We've said enough." Aurelia and the other kids are lead upstairs by Molly who tells them to go straight to bed and not to talk about anything. Aurelia has to repress at snort this, as if she actually believes thinks they'd do such a thing. Aurelia's can't not talk about it, she promised Ginny that she'd tell her everything that happened and she intended to keep that promise. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: The next chapter is going to be a wild fucking ride so get ready! Also one chapter left before Nevari™ reunites! A big thank you to TalkAlot135 & guest who left reviews on the last chapter, it means a lot to hear from you! TalkAlot135, I'm glad you enjoyed the last chapter and I hope you enjoy this as well. Guest, I'm so glad you're enjoying my story and that you think it's well written, here take all my uwus. For some reason when I've received reviews from guests before I will get an email letting me know the moment the send the review but when I go to check it out on the site, it's not there. For some reason it takes awhile for guest reviews to show up! But, I did see it and I'm really thankful for it! As for Nev and Ari I have no plans on breaking them up but that doesn't mean they'll have a particularly happy ending :) ! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! word count: 7512
AS SHE HAS BEEN DOING FOR THE past month, Lyra gives her a mug of Dreamless Sleep Potion. However, tonight Lyra hands it over in a more aggressive manner. Sneering at Aurelia with the deepest contempt "As if they'd ever let you into the order!" "They might." Aurelia says quietly, glancing around nervously to see that Molly had already ventured back downstairs after putting her children to bed. She's probably already back in the kitchen berating Sirius for saying 'too much' which means Aurelia is alone with Lyra. Lyra turns her nose up at her "They won't! They aren't stupid enough to let you in, you wicked little girl! They know you're just as destructive and dangerous as your mother!" "Well, I hate to break it to you but you're no better than her either." Lyra grabs Aurelia's chin roughly, digging her nails into Aurelia's flesh "You better watch yourself, brat, or I might just slip some Arsenic into that precious potion of yours." Aurelia gulps nervously, she doesn't have a clue what Arsenic is but whatever it may be, it can't be good "You — you wouldn't." Lyra smirks "Wanna bet?" Aurelia struggles to shake her head in Lyra's grasp, her eyes wide with fear. Lyra lets her go, however, she's not done with Aurelia; she's still angry about what Aurelia had just said. So, she slaps her. Aurelia gasps lightly, spilling some of the potion as she recoils. Lyra sneers at her "That should teach you." Aurelia's mind is racing, she hasn't been hit by an adult in a long time. Well, apparently if Mae was right about Lucius planting false memories of abuse in her mind, then Aurelia's never actually been hit by adult before. Goyle doesn't count because she owns none of Aurelia's trust whereas Lyra owns just a tiny speck of it. She trusted Lyra enough to never hit her. Calmly as she can muster, Aurelia says: "What exactly? I've had worse punishments." Lyra looks affronted by Aurelia's near stoic reaction. Apparently, she can't tell that on the inside Aurelia is kind of freaking out. Lyra had just threatened her, not unusual, but she had also hit her! It's probably a good thing she's not aware; some Legilimens you are, Aurelia thinks as she tries her best to stand tall in front of Lyra. Don't let her know you're scared, Aurelia tells herself. Aurelia passes Lyra, holding the potion close to her chest "Thank you and goodnight." she says bitingly before entering the bedroom. Ginny, who is not so patiently waiting for Aurelia to come in and tell her what happened in the meeting, practically tackles her the moment she steps over the threshold. Aurelia yells at the suddenness of this action and more of her potion sloshes down her shirt. Pulling away from Ginny, Aurelia says: "Stop! I could've dropped my potion!" Ginny rolls her eyes "Please, you barely spilled any of it. Besides, you've had that every night for the past month, I'm sure missing one night wouldn't kill you." "I need it." Aurelia says defensively, glaring at Ginny who holds her hands up in mock surrender. "Alright, alright! No need to get all moody." Ginny says, "Tell me what happened at the meeting, what did they tell you lot?" Hermione looks apprehensive "Well, they didn't say much." Ginny glowers at Hermione. "She's not wrong." Aurelia says, "They really didn't say much. At least — well, they didn't say as much as any of us were expecting them too. They told Harry about what the Order is and only a little bit about what the Order is doing at the moment. And, the way they made it, it's not much. They didn't give us any juicy details, your mother stopped them before they could." Ginny scowls "What rubbish!" Aurelia nods "It's bullshit, I know. But, Sirius did mention a weapon before your mother cut him off." "A weapon? What kind of weapon?" "He didn't get to say." Aurelia says, "He just said that it's a weapon Voldemort wants but he can't get thanks to the Order." With that, Ginny seems to be appeased and she lets Aurelia drink her potion in peace and then crawl into bed. Hermione goes to comment on the fact that Aurelia didn't even change into her pyjamas but, Ginny stops her before she can with a shake of her head and a warning glare. Aurelia falls asleep quickly under the influence of the potion. Entering a dreamless sleep where she'll be visited by the ghosts of the Gwendoline Goyle's victims; where she'll be visited by Cedric. There's a smile on her face as she drifts off. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Ye won't get anythin' out of her." Mae says, giving Dumbledore a cold stare. "You have to try, Mrs. Macleod." Dumbledore says softly. "She's already told ye everythin' she knows!" "You are not naive, Mrs. Macleod, you know that Bellatrix wouldn't tell me everything." Mae glares at Dumbledore, grinding her teeth as she looks down at the the white form in her hands. "O' course I am not naive, Albus! Bellatrix taught me well, I know better than to get trapped in your little games." "Games? Do you think I'm playing a game with you?" "I wouldn't be surprised." Mae says bluntly, it's what you're doing now and I'm not going to fall for it you little shit, she narrows her eyes at him. She'd go, of course. As much as she loathes Azkaban, she'd go to see Bellatrix. She'd go to make sure her love is alright and sane but, she won't do what Dumbledore asks of her. "I'm not not playing any games, Mrs. Macleod, I'm merely asking you a favour." "And, I'm sayin' no." Mae says, "It's useless! She has no more information for ye!" "You and I both know that Voldemort told her more than he told most which means she must know more than she says." "Perhaps, she does, Albus. But, maybe what she knows isn't helpful or what yer lookin' for! She's not goin' to tell you anymore, she's told you enough to, at least, bring You-Know-Who to his knees. Tellin' ye anymore could be dangerous for not only her but, the rest of her family. She wouldn't risk that." Dumbledore smiles patiently "She will if you ask. She tells you everything because she trusts you and she'll tell you anything if it involves her precious daughter. You have a pull on her, Mrs. Macleod, as does Aurelia. Almost similar to the pull I have at Hogwarts, specifically on who makes Quidditch Captain. It's plain as day that Bellatrix would spill any of Voldemort's secrets for you and Aurelia. I need you to talk to her for me, for the Order." Mae narrows her eyes "Aye, she would do anythin' for the three o' us if she could. But, there's nothin' she can do in this situation." "Then there's nothing I can do to make sure Aurelia makes Quidditch Captain this year." Dumbledore says simply. "Are ye even tryin' to be subtle anymore, Albus?!" Mae snaps, "Diggory promised her that position once he left Hogwarts, o' course, that wasn't supposed to happen for o' nother year but, he still wanted her to be the next Quidditch Captain! This is his last gift to her, don't take that away from her!" "I need you and Bellatrix to cooperate with me." He says as though he hadn't just blackmailed Mae with her daughter, "Are you willing to work with me?" Mae glares at him, clutching that white form so tightly in her hands that it begins to crumple "Are ye ever goin' to stop usin' my children as bloody weapons?!" Dumbledore either goes to deny it or divert from the accusation but, Mae cuts him off. "Yer makin' quite a habit of it, Albus Dumbledore an' quite frankly, I'm gettin' very sick o' it! It's as bad as yer habit of usin' kids with prophecies surroundin' them? Don't even try to deny it — Harry, Aurelia, Bellatrix!" "That prophecy was about Aurelia not Bellatrix —" "Aye, it was but Trix was only twelve when Esrom sprang that shit on her! So in a way, she too was a child with a prophecy. It may not have been about her but it weighed on her for decades and ye tried to use it against her! Yer usin' Harry's prophecy against him and yer tryin' to use Aurelia's against her and ye don't even know half of it!" Whether or not Dumbledore is angry with her, Mae can't tell because his face is calm and passive. But, Mae's not done yet. "Tell me, Dumbledore, why ye like havin' children with prophecies loomin' over their heads fight yer battles?" Mae swears she see Dumbledore's eye twitch and she smiles smugly even though she had lost the battle. She'd be going to Azkaban whether she liked it or not, she's not going to risk Aurelia losing Quidditch Captain. "I'll do it as long as ye make sure that Aurelia gets Quidditch Captain like she deserves. And, Elliot? Is he up for Quiddtich Captain. "No, Mr. Flint got that position. But, Mr. Burke is a good candidate for Head Boy." "It's Macleod, he's been a Macleod since he was two. If he's a good candidate then ye better make sure he gets it, if I do this for ye." Mae says firmly. "Consider it done." "It better." Dumbledore nods "It will be. Now hurry along, Mrs. Macleod, I'm sure your children are eagerly awaiting your return." Mae sneers at Dumbledore "Go fuck yerself." She steps into the Floo Network, calling out: "North Island Port!" Patty Hingle is on the shift this time, as usual, she looks completely done with her job; she sees Mae and groans as she knows what comes next and she's not looking forward to it at all. Thalia Hattersley is there too, meaning that everything at Grimmauld Place is done and over with for the night. Unlike Patty, Thalia looks quite content being there, she grins at Mae as she reaches out and grabs the white form in her hands. "Bellatrix Lestrange as usual then?" Patty says, glancing the form over Thalia's shoulder. Mae nods and Patty frowns "I'd be careful, Macleod, she's been in a rather foul mood this past month. "Yeah, she's been real pissy ever since Dumbledore brought Aurelia here." Thalia says, "But, she'll settle down once she sees you, I'll bet." Thalia seems to be in a chatty mood tonight, neither Mae or Patty are in the mood for it. Rolling her eyes, Patty announces that she'll go get Bellatrix and bring her down to the Visitation Chamber, she's sweeping out of the room before Mae can suggest she go with her. Which leaves Mae with a very talkative Thalia Hattersley. "Your kiddos are missing ya." Thalia says, "Elliot had a right fit when Dumbledore told him you had an errand to run and wouldn't be back for the night, he spent dinner up in his room. Aurelia was sick, the poor kid, she can't catch a break, can she? No one had told her that you left, so she got upset about that. Man, I just wanna give that poor girl a hug sometimes." "Sick?" Mae says worriedly, "How bad and from what?" If Lyra's done anything — Mae doesn't care if she helped take of Lyra her whole childhood, she doesn't care that Lyra's Bellatrix's sister, if Lyra's done anything to hurt Aurelia, Mae wouldn't hesitate to murder her. Mae had noticed Lyra acting a bit harsher towards Aurelia lately, she should've known better than to have left Aurelia practically alone with Lyra. Lyra never liked Aurelia, she always treated her horribly but would she really have gone as far as physically hurting her? "Not too bad." Thalia says, "She's running a fever and she got sick once but she bounced back rather quickly, she said it had something to do with the full moon. She was attacked, wasn't she? By a werewolf, when she was little?" "I don't see how that's any of your business." Mae says shortly, giving Thalia a dirty look, what a nosey little shit. "Right, er, well, she — well, she was doing okay when I left, she'll probably be fine in the morning." There's awkward silence until Patty returns; she comes storming into the room, breathless, disgruntled, and with a bloody nose. "It is," Patty takes a deep breath, "Ready. You can see the bitch now." Mae nods, stepping forward to follow Patty. She doesn't bring up the bloody nose, it's obvious it's from Bellatrix who always puts up a fight when she's brought to the Visitation Chamber. Even though, she's only ever visited by Mae, well and twice by Aurelia but, Aurelia still doesn't know about the first visit and Bellatrix probably hardly remembers Aurelia visiting the first time. Mae's not sure why, she gets so panicked every time but she assumes it must be something to do with the Dementors and their ability to surface every negative fibre in one's body. Patty opens the door, lets Mae in and tells her that she's got one hour then promptly slams the door behind her. The room is lit by three torches on each side of the chamber, it basks the chamber in an eerie glow which makes the place even more unsettling than it already is. At the opposite end of the chamber sits Bellatrix, huddled into herself and shaking like a leaf. "Trix." Mae says softly. Bellatrix recognises her voice at once and she's on her feet within seconds, weakly calling out: "Maevie?" Mae smiles softly as Bellatrix strides across the room. They embrace each other, Bellatrix clings to Mae for dear life. She pulls away mere seconds, reaching up to cup Mae's cheek tenderly. "What's wrong? Has Aurelia been hurt? Is she alright, does she need anything?!" Bellatrix says, eyes going wide in fear, imagining the worst. Mae shakes her head "No, Aurelia is fine —" "Elias?! Is he alright? Has he come for Elias?! Is Elias —" "Trix, love, no one is hurt. Our children are fine." Mae says gently, placing her hand over Bellatrix's. "They are?" Bellatrix questions in a disbelieving tone. "They're perfectly safe." Mae reassures, "And remember, Elias wants to be called Elliot." Bellatrix frowns, she can't recall little Elias going around demanding to be called Elliot. It does seem like something he'd do but she can't recall any memories of his little toddler self, pulling on her cloak and demanding that he 'wants to be known as Elliot now, thank you very much, ma'. Her eyebrows furrow together in concentration but she can't remember. "Remember, he was around seven when he started goin' by Elliot, I've told ye this before?" Mae says, frowning. Her heart races as she searches Bellatrix's face for any signs of recognition. "Right, right." Bellatrix says, although she still can't recall Mae ever telling her that. Mae stands on her tip-toes and kisses Bellatrix who returns it eagerly, her cold hands reaching up to cup Mae's cheeks. "What are you doing here?" Bellatrix whispers against Mae's soft lips, "It's not September, ist it?" "No, not yet." Mae says, "Dumbledore asked, well, more like forced me to come —" "I don't have anything for him." Bellatrix says at once, pulling away from Mae. "I know and I told him that." Mae says softly, "But, he didn't listen, he said that he wouldn't let Aurelia be Quidditch Captain, more or less, if I didn't come here. He wasn't subtle, which is unlike him, he's usually more careful with his manipulation, he's gettin' angry with ye and he's takin' it out on our kids and I don't know what to do, Trix, I don't know." Bellatrix inhales sharply "She plays Quidditch." Mae frowns "Aye, she's been playin' since she could walk, well, a little after that. She got into the Quiddtich team in second year, she was so happy — she's a seeker and Ellie's on the Slytherin team but he's a keeper." "Oh." Bellatrix says, chewing on her lower lip, she's missed so much. "They enjoy it then? They're happy at Hogwarts? And they're safe, they're safe now?" Mae nods, Bellatrix takes a deep breath and begins to pace the chamber. "You said that Dumbledore isn't going to let Aurelia be Quidditch Captain if I don't say anything, right? Right? Well, what if I don't have anything to tell him? What if — he can't do that, I won't let him do that!" Bellatrix says angrily, verging on hysterical. "He must know that I don't have anything to tell him! He must! I've told the bastard everything he could possibly need! You know what this is about, don't you, Maevie?! He thinks Aurelia is — what if he knows?! Oh, Merlin, Maevie! What if he knows?!" "Trix, my love, breathe." Mae says, opening her arms. Bellatrix stops pacing to fall into Mae's warm embrace "Maevie, he can't know! I won't lose her to him and I sure as hell am not going to lose her to Albus fucking Dumbledore! I can't — he mustn't know — she mustn't know either!" Mae runs her hands over Bellatrix's tangled locks "Hush, my love, we aren't goin' to lose Aurelia to anybody. No one knows anythin', Trix. I promise ye, Remus and I have everythin' under control." Bellatrix clings to Mae, soaking in her warmth and inhaling the familiar scent of acrylic paints, mint, and cinnamon. Bellatrix tries her best to calm down and not think every possible horrible situation but that's hard to do in Azkaban. "What does that stingy old bastard want to know." Bellatrix says through laboured breaths. Perhaps she could whip up a lie for Mae to tell him. She certainly can't let Mae leave empty-handed, certainly not when Dumbledore is making Aurelia pay the consequences if Mae gets nothing from her. It will be something Dumbledore will pay the price for in the long run, he will suffer her wrath for bringing her daughter into this. Bellatrix pulls away from Mae, asking: What do you think he wants to know?" "He wants to know a lot of things, Trix." Mays says, "Aurelia's prophecy for starters. He couldn't even manage to pry that from Esrom's cold, dead hands. But, I know that's out of the question. He wants to know what Voldemort's doin' now or what ye think he might be up to because, after all, you did know him best. In Dumbledore's eyes, that is." A disgusted look flashes across Bellatrix's face, tears that will never fall burn her eyes as she hugs herself "I hate him. I hate him for what he's done . . . I hate Dumbledore too, I . . . I can't do this anymore, I know that I must but, it hurts . . . Maevie, it hurts, I've let everyone down . . . Alice, Frank, m — Augusta, little Neville, Elliot, Aurelia. They all think I'm evil and I know it's for the best but I've missed so much. Riddle ruined everything, he got me into this mess and he'd take her away if he knew. He'd take away the only good thing that came from this situation if he knew." Mae reaches out for Bellatrix, who leans into her "Trix . . . I'm so sorry, I should've done better." "I should've fought harder." Bellatrix says hollowly, "I shouldn't have even went . . . Esrom told me that I should go and everything would be fine but it wasn't and he was so angry and so . . . So . . . And now, Dumbledore's threatening to put Aurelia in even more danger." There's a long moment of silence. Finally, Bellatrix whispers: "The Dementors . . . They've already gone to his side . . . It won't be long now." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "You damned witch!" BANG! There's a sharp, horrible pain in Aurelia's chest and she's knocked off her feet, it hurts so much, there's probably a lot of blood. "Take that, you miserable creature!" There's a barrel of gun hanging over her face and — "Wake up, Blue, c'mon!" Ginny groans, "You can't be that heavy of a sleeper!" Aurelia's glad that Ginny had woke her up this time around, unlike last time, she was interrupting something Aurelia did not want to be apart of. Apparently not all of those ghosts were like Casper the Friendly Ghost. "Get up, Blue!" Ginny says, "Mum wants us to clean again, apparently there's loads more Doxys than she thought. C'mon she's made breakfast." Aurelia bolts up, gasping for air and grasping at her chest where that Muggle man had shot her with his rifle. It hurt like a motherfucker and she was scared that it actually affected her in real life. "Woah! What's got you so riled up?" Ginny says teasingly, "Another nightmare, huh? Well, it's over now." Aurelia can't feel any blood and Ginny hasn't freaked out yet which must mean there isn't any. Rifles are big guns and they look like they'd leave a lot of bloodshed, Ginny would've noticed by now and she's hasn't. Aurelia's alright. These ghosts aren't that real apparently. Nodding, Aurelia wipes sweat of her brow and Ginny nods understandingly. She doesn't give Aurelia any pity or frowns, she just moves on. "If you need to talk about it . . ." Ginny says loftily, walking out of the room. The 'I'm here' is unspoken but Aurelia understands it all the same. Aurelia takes a deep breath, they're ghosts and they can't physically hurt you. That Muggle man was a newer victim, there had been a new chair added to the white table and Aurelia Carrow had explained that meant there was a new victim that decided to stick around. The newer victim happened to be a Muggle man who now hated Aurelia's kind, he had died trying to use his rifle against Gwendoline and he tried to use it against Aurelia when he found out she was like Gwendoline; a witch. He was one of the ghostly victims who didn't like her but he's the only one who decided to make that fact well known. Shaking from the incident still, Aurelia drags herself downstairs for breakfast. She still feels queasy from last night so she doesn't eat very much, Aurelia'd much rather not puke her guts out again. Then soon enough, Molly is ordering them to go and clear out the Doxy infestation. Aurelia really doesn't want to do this, she just wants to sleep and maybe get a hug from Mae, who has yet to return from wherever Dumbledore had sent her. Aurelia finds herself gathered in the drawing room with a throbbing headache, standing in front of long, moss green velvet curtains that emitted a buzzing sound as though they're swarming with invisible bees. "Cover your faces and take a spray," Molly explains to the lot of them, "It's Doxycide. I've never seen an infestation this bad — what that house-elf's been doing for the last ten years —" Hermione gives Molly a reproachful look "Kreacher's really old, he probably couldn't manage —" "You'd be surprised what Kreacher can manage when he wants to, Hermione," says Sirius, who had just entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats, "I've just been feeding Buckbeak, I keep him upstairs in my mothers bedroom. Anyway . . . This writing desk . . . Well, Molly, I'm pretty sure this is a Boggart, but perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out — knowing my mother, it could be something much worse." "There's also a Boggart somewhere else in this place, I've run into a few times, it's on the upper level." Aurelia says to Sirius, who nods. "Right you are, Sirius." Molly says. Suddenly the doorbell rings, Aurelia groans quietly because the doorbell is quickly followed by Walburga's annoying screaming. Sirius rushes out of the room, to answer the door and shut Walburga up, Molly tells Harry to shut the door behind Sirius to muffle the noise from downstairs. "Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because Doxys bite and their teeth are poisonous. I've got a bottle of antidote here, but I'd rather nobody needed it." Molly says, straightening up and positioning herself squarely in front of the curtains, beckoning them all forward. "When I say the word, start spraying immediately," Molly says, "They'll come flying out at us, I expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyze them. When they're immobilized, just throw them in this bucket." Molly steps carefully out of their line of fire, raising her own spray. "All right — squirt!" Molly pulls the curtains apart and everyone begins spraying. Doxys fly everywhere and Aurelia barely lasts five minutes before she's almost bitten, luckily, Elliot has the 'reflexes of a fucking mongoose' (something he actually said, those were actual words that had come out of his mouth and just when she thought he couldn't get any weirder, he did) and he stops the doxy before it can touch her. It's not that her aim is bad, it's her concentration that's the problem. There's so much going on all at once and Aurelia's brain is reeling, she hits a few Doxys here and there but she thinks that if her surroundings were quieter she'd hit more of them. "Fred, what are you doing?" Molly says sharply, distracting Aurelia even further, "Spray that at once and throw it away!" Aurelia glances over her shoulder, Fred's holding a struggling Doxy between his forefinger and thumb, he catches her staring and grins at her. Aurelia shakes her head, rolling her eyes and he gives her a sheepish yet mischievous grin. "Right-o." Fred says brightly, spraying the Doxy quickly in the face so that it faints, but the moment Mrs. Weasley's turns around he pockets it, and winks at Aurelia. Aurelia rolls her eyes again and he shrugs his shoulder, red cheeks getting even redder "What, Blue, as if you expected any less of me?" George begins to tell Harry about their future plans for their joke shop, Fred gives Aurelia another wink before he turns around and joins that conversation. The de-Doxying of the curtains takes most of the morning. However, the weren't done cleaning, Molly tells them that they'll tackle that weird-looking after lunch. The doorbell rings again and Walburga starts screaming again, Molly tells the lot of them to stay in the room and that she'll bring up some sandwiches and then she bustling out of the room, closing the door behind her. The moment she leaves, everyone dashes to the closed doorway to look out the window that overlooked into the hallway. "Mundungus! What's he brought all those cauldrons for?" Hermione says as the lot of them stare at a top of an unkempt gingery head and a stack of precariously balanced cauldrons. "Probably looking for a safe place to keep them," Harry says, "Isn't that what he was doing the night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldrons?" "Yeah, you're right!" Fred says as the front door opened; Mundungus heaves his cauldrons through it and disappears from view. "Blimey, Mum won't like that" He and George cross to the door and stand beside it, listening closely. Walburga's annoying portrait had stopped screaming, thank Merlin. "Mundungus is talking to Sirius and Kingsley." Fred mutters, "Can't hear it properly . . . D'you reckon we can risk the extendable ears?" "Might be worth it." George says. "I could sneak upstairs and grab a pair." Elliot suggests, making his way over to the door, at that moment there's a loud explosion and Molly begins screaming at the top of her lungs, ". . . Or not." "WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!" Molly screams from downstairs. "I love hearing Mum shouting at someone else." Fred says with a satisfied smile on his face as he opens the door an inch or so to allow Molly's voice to permeate the room better, "It makes such a nice change." "— COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVEN'T GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY ABOUT WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE —" "The idiots are letting her get into her stride," George says with a shake of his head, "You've got to head her off early otherwise she builds up a head of steam and goes on for hours. And she's been dying to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be following you, Harry — and there goes Sirius's mum again." Molly's voice is lost amid fresh shrieks and screams from the portrait in the hall. George makes to shut the door to drown the noise, but before he can do so, Kreacher edges into the room, much to Aurelia's annoyance. "Fucking wonderful, the rat with anger issues has joined the party." Aurelia grumbles to herself, unfortunately, this brings Kreacher's attention to her, the old House-Elf frowns at her. "Living with blood traitors, Mistress Aurelia. Mistress Bellatrix would be so disappointed." A bolt of red, hot anger hits her and it spreads through her veins like fire. She sneers at him, hair turning red to match her feelings, and she has a horrible urge to kick him. Forced laughter bubbles up her throat and she kneels next to him, tucking her knees to her chest and she reaches out and pats Kreacher on the head. In a sickly sweet voice, Aurelia says: "I don't give a shit if I disappoint Bellatrix or not." Kreacher goes to say something but Fred says "Hello, Kreacher!" very loudly in an attempt to distract him and it works; Kreacher turns to Fred and feigns surprise. "Kreacher did not see young master." He says, bowing to Fred, then mutters: "Nasty little brat and blood-traitor it is." as if no one in the room would be able to hear him. "Sorry. Didn't catch that last bit there." George says, looking down at Kreacher. "Kreacher said nothing." Kreacher says, bowing to George this time. "Bullshit." Aurelia says tiredly, "We can hear you, Kreacher, we may not all be purebloods but we're not stupid. You're saying these things out loud, you do realize that, right? What are you doing in here anyways?" "Kreacher is cleaning." He says. "That's definitely likely." Aurelia scoffs as she rolls her eyes, "We're not getting rid of anything, we're just de-doxying a room. We couldn't get rid of anything if we tried because everything here is stuck to the fucking wall!" "Aurelia, calm down." Hermione says timidly, "He doesn't know what he's saying." Aurelia rolls her eyes at Hermione but says nothing more as Kreacher continues to mutter: ". . . And there's the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh, if my mistress knew, oh, how she'd cry, and there's a new boy, Kreacher doesn't know his name. What is he doing here? Kreacher doesn't know. . ." "This is Harry, Kreacher," Hermione says tentatively, "Harry Potter." "The Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though she is my friend, if Kreacher's mistress saw him in such company, oh, what would she say —" "Don't call her a Mudblood!" Ron and Ginny say together, very angrily. "It doesn't matter," Hermione whispers, "he's not in his right mind, he doesn't know what he's —" "Don't kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what he's saying." Fred cuts in, eying Kreacher with great dislike but the miserable thing had his attention on Harry, muttering furiously to himself. "Is it true? Is it, Harry Potter? Kreacher can see the scar, it must be true, that's the boy who stopped the dark lord, Kreacher wonders how he did it." "Don't we all, Kreacher." Fred says sourly. "What do you want?" George asks, glancing at his twin then to the House-Elf. For what seems to be the thousandth time to Aurelia, Kreacher says: "Kreacher is cleaning." "That's a likely story." Sirius says, stepping into the room, now that he had opened the door Aurelia realises that Molly and Mundungus had stopped arguing in the hallway; Kreacher turns away from Harry and bows to Sirius. "Stand up straight." Sirius says in a sharp tone that almost causes Aurelia to flinch, "Now what are you doing?" "Kreacher is cleaning," Kreacher says, "Kreacher lives to serve the Noble House of Black —" "And it's getting blacker every day, it's filthy." Sirius says. "Master always liked his little joke," Kreacher says, bowing again and continuing in an undertone, "Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke his mother's heart —" "My mother didn't have a heart, Kreacher," Sirius snaps, "She kept herself alive out of pure spite." Elliot snorts, covering his mouth to repress his laughter. "Whatever Master says," Kreacher mutters furiously, "Master is not fit to wipe slime from his mother's boots, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if she saw Kreacher serving him, how she hated him, what a disappointment he was —" "I asked you what you were up to," Sirius says coldly, "Every time you show up pretending to be cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we can't throw it out." "Kreacher would never move anything from its proper place in Master's house, Mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries it's been in the family, Kreacher must save it, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy it —" "I thought it might be that," Sirius says, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall, "She'll have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of it, I don't doubt, but if I can get rid of it I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher." Kreacher, as much as he obviously doesn't want to, doesn't dare disobey a direct order; the look he gives Sirius as he shuffles out past him is full of deepest loathing and he mutters all the way out of the room. "— comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh, my poor mistress, what would she say if she saw the house now, scum living in it, her treasures thrown out, she swore he was no son of hers and he's back, they say he's a murderer too —" "Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!" Sirius says irritably, slamming the door shut on the elf. Elliot snickers behind his hand, Aurelia bites her lip to keep from laughing at that remark. "Sirius, he's not right in the head," Hermione pleads, "I don't think he realizes we can hear him." "He's been alone too long," Sirius says, "Taking mad orders from my mother's portrait and talking to himself, but he was always a foul little —" "If you could just set him free," Hermione says hopefully, "Maybe —" "We can't set him free, he knows too much about the Order" Sirius says curtly, "And anyway, the shock would kill him. You suggest to him that he leaves this house, see how he takes it." Sirius walks across the room to where the tapestry Kreacher had been trying to protect hangs the length of the wall. Aurelia and the others follow. Aurelia doesn't need to be told that this is the Black family tree, this old, Doxy-eaten thing holds the entire Black family on it. Despite it's worse for wear condition, the golden thread with which it was embroidered still glints brightly enough to show them the sprawling family tree dating back, as far as the Middle Ages. Large words at the very top of the tapestry read: The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black Toujours Pur Aurelia snorts, always pure, she rolls her eyes. Well, she's got news for this old thing. Elliot drags her closer, quite frankly, Aurelia didn't want to look at the thing, but Elliot leaves her no choice as he makes her kneel in front of it. He eagerly scans the tapestry for something, grey eyes squinted in concentration. It takes him a moment to find what he's looking for, Elliot lets out a quiet a squeal as he points at it, his eyes shine with unshed tears. "Look, Blue!" He whispers happily, "We're proper siblings! Ma put me under her portrait!" Begrudgingly, Aurelia looks at the portraits. Her's is under Bellatrix's — it's wrong, it's wrong! Oh, Merlin, it's real, she's not under the Malfoys, oh, I hate it! — and so is Elliot's. Her stomach churns violently, seeing her portrait underneath Bellatrix's brings Aurelia's nausea back at full force, it still feels wrong to her. A part of her always suspected it no matter how hard she tried not to but, knowing that she was Bellatrix's daughter all along and seeing it on the tapestry feels so wrong. Even more wrong than Aurelia sometimes felt when she thought she was a Malfoy. "I —" Aurelia gags, acid burning her throat as bile tries to force its' way up her throat. Good fucking Godric, not again! "C'mon now," Elliot says playfully, "It's not that bad, you dramatic wanker, I make a great big brother, and you know it — look, I'll be right back. I'm gonna get you a glass of water. Try not to throw up on my dashingly handsome face." Aurelia rolls her eyes, tucking her knees to her chest "Thanks for the brilliant idea!" Elliot gets up and sweeps out of the room to fetch Aurelia some water. "Lestrange?" Harry says aloud, peering over Aurelia to look at the tapestry, her body is trembling waiting for him to remember. He seems to have forgotten their whole argument last May, the one where he accused her of being evil and being Bellatrix's daughter. Harry had been right about about one thing, perhaps, he's even right about the latter. "They're in Azkaban," Sirius says shortly, "Bellatrix and her husband Rodolphus came in with Barty Crouch Jr., Rodolphus' brother, Rabastan, was with them, too." His eyes widen and Aurelia knows he remembers, she can see images of her in his passing thoughts, making her even more queasy. In the wise words of Heather Chandler: well, fuck me gently with a chainsaw! "You never said she was your — HEY!" Harry spots Aurelia's portrait underneath Bellatrix's, "You are her daughter!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Okay so I lied Nevari will not be reuniting next chapter, it will be the chapter after that. There's still one more chapter left before that happens. This chapter and the next one was supposed to be one whole chapter but I was going through editing I realised it flowed better if I split it up, I hope a minor reunion between Maetrix makes up for it. Sooooo, Aurelia is confirmed to have a prophecy about her, I'm curious to see what you think it could be about if you have any ideas. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! word count: 6863
"YOU'RE BELLATRIX LESTRANGE'S DAUGHTER." HARRY REPEATS, GIVING Aurelia a dirty look, her stomach churns again, she wants him to stop looking at her like that. Aurelia freezes in her spot, Sirius buries his face in his hands "Harry, you could've at least been subtle about it." he mutters. A loud sob escapes her lips and immediately the dirty look is wiped off his face and quickly replaced by an apologetic expression. Harry cringes, apologising quickly "Oh no — sorry — no, please — don't cry. I didn't mean to say that out loud. I'm sorry." "Harry." Sirius says. "I didn't mean to, I was just surprised that, well, she's actually her daughter. Aurelia told me that she wasn't —" "And she's not!" Lyra says, sauntering into the room. Sirius gives Lyra a very confused look, Aurelia cowers in her presence. Lyra gives Harry a soft smile "She's not biologically Bellatrix's daughter, she's merely adopted. Same with Elias. Bellatrix was a crazy bitch but, she did have a soft spot for children, especially if those children were already part of her family. The Malfoys didn't want Aurelia because she was a weak little thing and Elias' parents, well one died and the other went insane. So, Bellatrix took them in as her own, even used some complicated magic to add them under her portrait. She didn't do a good job, Elias' original portrait under Reggie's is still intact." "Oh . . . Er, sorry." Harry mutters. Sirius who had looked momentarily stunned by the story Lyra had just created, snaps out of his trance and quickly tells Harry "Don't apologise, it doesn't matter." Sirius pauses, throwing Lyra another confused look but she merely shrugs. Sirius turns away from the tapestry, stuffing his hands in his pockets "I don't like being back here, I never thought I'd be stuck in this house again." Aurelia frowns, surely he could get out sometimes. It's not far that he's stuck here. It'd do him some good to get out, and Aurelia doesn't mean out in the public but to a different house. It'd be safe for him at Almerry Castle, she doubts that Sirius loves the castle but it'd be a right side better than being stuck in this miserable place. "It's ideal for Headquarters, of course," Sirius says, "My father put every security measure known to wizard kind on it when he lived here. It's unplottable, so Muggles could never come and call — as if they'd ever have wanted to — and now Dumbledore's added his protection, you'd be hard put to find a safer house anywhere. Dumbledore is Secret Keeper for the Order, you know — nobody can find Headquarters unless he tells them personally where it is — that note Moody showed you last night, that was from Dumbledore —" Sirius gives a short, bark-like laugh, "If my parents could see the use their house was being put to now . . . Well, my mothers portrait should give you some idea." "I wouldn't mind if I could just get out occasionally and do something useful. I've asked Dumbledore whether I can escort you to your hearing — as Snuffles, obviously — so I can give you a bit of moral support, what d'you think?" Harry looks deeply troubled at the mention of his hearing, apparently he was being expelled for using magic as self-defence, which is complete bullshit to Aurelia. "Don't worry, they won't expel you. I'll make sure of it. I've got lots of friends in the Ministry and I can be very persuasive." Lyra says, giving Harry's shoulder a comforting squeeze. Aurelia narrows her eyes at this, if only she would be that kind to Neville, her actual godson. "I'm sure they'll clear you, there's definitely something in the International Statute of Secrecy about being allowed to use magic to save your own life." Sirius adds. "But if they do expel me," Harry quietly says, "can I come back here and live with you?" "We'll see." Sirius says, smiling sadly. "I'd feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didn't have to go back to the Dursleys," Harry tells him. "They must be bad if you prefer this place." Sirius says gloomily. "Hurry up, you lot, or there won't be any food left!" Molly calls out. Aurelia isn't hungry, she's still nauseous but she heads over to the tray of food anyways. She doesn't eat any of it which would normally get a comment out of Molly, however, this time she says nothing. Molly's still rather off put by the fact Aurelia's Mae's biological daughter as well as Bellatrix's. Elliot comes bounding into the room, he's forgotten to get her glass of water, Aurelia's not surprised by that he probably got distracted by something. "Mum's back!" He announces. "Really?" Aurelia asks, she feels more than relieved by this news, Elliot nods and she exhales loudly. "C'mon!" He says, beckoning her forward as he turns on his heel and races back downstairs. Aurelia's quick to follow him, nearly knocking Fred off his feet as she exits the room. "Mum!" Aurelia exclaims, spotting Mae standing at the bottoms off the stairs, Aurelia quickly runs down them, feeling a surge of warm energy course through her veins. Mae smiles tiredly at her as she hugs Elliot, Aurelia hugs her as well. "Where were you?" Elliot asks. Mae hesitates, no more lies, Aurelia hears her think followed by a flash of Bellatrix's tear stained face. Aurelia quickly looks away from Mae's tired and pale face, Aurelia really needs to get her Legilimency under control. "I was in Azkaban." Mae says softly, earning gasps from both Elliot and Aurelia. Elliot tenses slightly and Aurelia's eyes start to burn as she thinks of Bellatrix — her bloody mother! "Dumbledore asked me to go on Order business." Mae says simply but Aurelia gets a feeling there's more to the story than that. "You saw ma?" Elliot asks as he eyes go wide with awe "How is she?" She hesitates again, although Aurelia can't hear her thoughts this time around, she's sure Mae's thinking something along the lines of 'okay, maybe one more lie won't hurt them!'. Mae pats Elliot's cheek "She's doin' well." Elliot smiles slightly "That's good . . . I miss her." Aurelia hates the fact that's a pang in her chest at his words because she kind of, sort of, misses Bellatrix too. She loathes it. Mae looks positively faint as she gives Elliot a small smile. "You should go lie down." Elliot tells her worriedly. "I will, I will." Mae says, normally she does after her visits Azkaban, she has long nap afterwards because she's always so tired but, this time around she needed to see them first. She kisses the tops of their heads, noting that Aurelia's head was indeed a bit feverish. "Are ye feelin' alright, will the two o' yers be alright if I go lie down for a bit?" Mae wonders and the two of them nod their heads without any hesitation. "Well, alright. Wake me up, if ye need anythin' at all. If not I'll see ye two at dinner." She kisses their heads once more and then she's dragging herself to her room, eyelids drooping as she ascends the stairs. Once she's out of sight, Elliot tells her that he's going to Regulus' room. Which Aurelia realises must be where he's been disappearing off to lately. "Can't I come with you?" Aurelia asks, she doesn't want to go back to cleaning and she also doesn't want Elliot to be alone in there now that she knows that's where he's been. He's apprehensive about it, hesitating before he says yes "Alright, sure, I suppose you can help me find what I'm looking for." "Sure, what are you — wait, no! Ellie, please, don't!" It's too late the smug grin spreads across his face like a wildfire "After all, Hufflepuffs are particularly good finders." Aurelia rolls her eyes "I hate you." Elliot merely laughs, tugging her in the direction of his father's room "No, but, seriously, you are pretty good at finding things usually. Maybe you can actually help me find what I'm looking for." "Maybe you can't find it because you're blind as a bat and you won't wear your glasses!" "I'd rather die than wear those things." Elliot proclaims then in an undertone says: "It's not like I can now." Aurelia frowns, what does he mean by that "What did you say?" "Nothing." Elliot says briskly. She narrows her eyes, what was he hiding from her, he must be hiding something from her! "No, you said something just now, what was it?" Elliot rolls his eyes, pushing the door to Regulus' room open "I said it was nothing, Lia." "Fuck off, it was nothing then why did you say it! Tell me, what did you say?!" Her heart pounds in her chest, a sense of betrayal is creeping up on her — why? Why? Why? Why is he hiding something from her, what is he hiding from her? Aurelia wipes her sweaty palms on her skirt, giving Elliot a hard stare. Her eyes are glossy and her lower lip is trembling and Elliot gives her an incredulous look. "Bloody hell, Lia! I only mean that they don't help! I grew out of the prescription or something, it's still blurry when I put them on." Elliot says, giving her a weird look. Suspicion turns to embarrassment, Aurelia looks at the floor as her cheeks begin to burn "Oh." Nothing is said as they enter the room, Elliot starts looking around at once, he doesn't tell her what he's looking for and he doesn't tell her not to touch anything either so she starts looking around as well. It's obvious that Elliot's been in this room tons of times, while it isn't messy, she can't tell that certain things have been moved out of place and some things were even strewn around the room. Her racing thoughts are torn between scolding herself for being silly and assuming that Elliot was hiding some deep, dark secret from her and wondering what he's looking for in this room. Aurelia looks over Regulus' room, not exactly taking in the surrounding instead she focuses on his dresser which definitely has been ignored by Elliot. Although the dressers haven't been touched or moved like everything else in the room, they weren't dusty like she expects. Kreacher probably cleans it often, it's then that amidst Aurelia's racing thoughts that she remembers that he's taken her medication and she needs to get it back. She wipes her sweaty palms on her skirt again, do you think he's mad at you? She shakes that thought from her head, now don't be ridiculous! He could be, though! You're so paranoid, it's annoying! You're annoying, stupid, stupid, stupid! Aurelia swallows thickly. She strides over to the dresser and pulls open the first draw, it contains a thin layer of neatly folded clothes, some knick-knacks, mostly baby toys, and photos of Elliot during the first year and half of his life. Aurelia's not sure how long Regulus was around Elliot before he died but there were a least two hundred photo stacked into three little piles. There were dates on them too, written in very neat handwriting, some even had captions. Aurelia smiles, it seemed that Regulus cared for Elliot to some extent. Elliot never really talked about his birth parents, and if he did it was mostly about his mother. Aurelia supposes that Elliot sympathises with her because she went insane and before that she tried hard for him whereas Regulus had just vanished off the face of the Earth on some Death-Eater mission or something along those lines. "Why are you looking in there, I'm not looking for my father's boxer or briefs, I'm trying to find my birth certificate!" "Well, I, uh, hate to break it to you but it — well, it's probably in one of these drawers." Aurelia says timidly. Elliot rolls his eyes "Regulus wouldn't be as dumb as to hide something like —" He stops when she pulls out multiple baby toys and pictures "It's probably in one of these drawers, why are you looking for your birth certificate anyway?" Elliot shrugs "So I can get rid of it." "Why?" Aurelia asks, eyebrows furrowing together. Elliot saunters over to the dresser, he points at a carving on the side, the initials 'R.A.B + C.E.B' are scrawled into the surface, Aurelia hadn't noticed that yet, it's so small. "Those people are my biological parents. They're Death-Eaters, what does that make me?" Aurelia blinks "Their son?" Elliot rolls his eyes again "Well, yeah, but . . . You know what . . . Never mind. What about the other drawers, have you checked them yet?" Aurelia shakes her head and Elliot nudges her aside to search through his father's drawers. Aurelia sits down on the bed, realising that Elliot no longer needs her help. It takes him a solid half hour to go through the six of them thoroughly but with no such luck, he doesn't find what he's looking for. She expects him to get angry but he doesn't, instead he turns to Aurelia and looks at her with this uncharacteristically, forlorn expression. "Try under his mattress, maybe?" Aurelia suggests, getting to her feet and turn to slip her hands under the mattress. Elliot goes to tell her not because who knows what could be lurking in there but she has better luck than him, within mere seconds, her eyes light up and she's pulling out his birth certificate along with a wad of letters. Aurelia hands them over, smiling slightly "Okay, I suppose Hufflepuffs are particularly good finders." Elliot however doesn't smile nor laugh, he looks at her with that same forlorn expression. Aurelia glances at the certificate, seeing Elliot's full name, which is 'Elias Sirius Burke-Black' Elliot quickly shoves in the back pocket of his jeans. He mutters something about hating or changing his name then glances back up at Aurelia. "Promise you'll never hate me, Lia." Elliot says softly, grey eyes shimmering with unshed tears. Aurelia feels unnerved, Elliot's never like this, something's wrong. That feeling of suspicion and betrayal bubbles in the pit of her stomach, this time, she does her best to swallow it "What —" "Promise that no matter what happens, no matter what I do, you won't ever hate me." "Ellie," Aurelia breathes over feeling both scared and confused, "I could never hate you, you twat, what's going on? Why are you saying all this stuff?" Elliot frowns running his free hand through his hair while he uses the other to stuff a photo of his birth parents into his jean jacket pocket. "Anything can happen." Her lower lip trembles "I don't understand —" He holds out his pinky finger "Promise me." And she does, she links their pinkies together as tears pool at the corners of her eyes, he's scaring her. Why would a birth certificate cause him to act like this, she's so confused. He gives a little shake then pulls his finger away. Elliot composes himself quickly "I think I'm done in here, we should get back to the others, we've been gone long enough." Aurelia blinks feeling confused before she can question him, he's on his feet striding out the door. "Hey! — what the fuck?" Aurelia exclaims, getting to her feet at once and following after him. She doesn't get an answer. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ The summer was coming to an end, Elliot's been giving everyone but Mae and George the cold shoulder, Aurelia's slept most of the days away, until a few days ago that is. When Remus and Lyra decided to ween her off the Dreamless Sleep Potion because they're 'afraid' she's 'addicted' and ever since then Aurelia's been sleeping restlessly. It's bullshit and she tried to fight it but they were firm in their decision and even Mae agreed, saying that she best starting taking the potion every few nights instead. With only one last night left before Hogwarts Aurelia finds wishing more and more that she had decided to drop out. She had said that if she survived the tournament she would drop out so she wouldn't have to put up with anymore bullshit that school threw at her. There was something every year. First year she had his Professor Quirrell in the back of the head with her history textbook which she was trying to throw at a Gryffindor for teasing her — so technically, she hit Voldemort in the face with a bloody book. Second year she had been petrified by Voldmort's big ass pet snake, which apparently was her thanks for going to check on Ginny to see if she was alright. And she walked in on Ginny being possessed by good ole Voldemort who was using her to instruct the Basilisk to go attack more students, she had seen the Basilisk through the bathroom mirror. Third year, nothing too bad happened that year save for nearly everyone taunting her about Sirius Black and the PTSD flashback she had — at the time she had no idea what is was but now she did and it made her feel less scared of them. And her fourth year, well, that really was the cherry on top of all her unfortunate events. Aurelia had survived the tournament (but at what cost?) and perhaps, she should stay true to her word and drop the fuck out of Hogwarts. Maybe she could go to Beauxbatons, Fleur's always talking about how lovely it is. She frowns as she looks at her almost packed trunk and frowns because it's probably a little too late for that. Besides, as nice as Beauxbatons sounds, it doesn't have Neville in it. Aurelia frowns deeper, Neville — oh, Merlin! How is she going to face him! How is going to tell him! She shouldn't be friends with him if she can't tell him! Tears burn her eyes, threatening to spill, it's not fair! He should be able to know this, he has a right because this could change everything. He might not want to be friends with her anymore and Lyra wants to keep it from him as if it would be worse than telling him straight up. Either way he's going to hate her, why doesn't Lyra just let him know and get it over with? Wouldn't it be more harsh to let him know now instead of waiting? Aurelia thinks it would be, wiping away more tears as she struggles not to think about it. There's no point to it. There isn't a point to anything anymore, it's not like Aurelia can do anything about it, Lyra's already given her that foul potion so she physically can't do anything about, not until the potion wears off and Lyra didn't tell her when that would be. She can't tell Neville about anything and she can't tell Mae about Lyra's horrid plan because the potion prevents her from doing that too. Even thinking about telling Mae about the bullshit Lyra's put her through causes a dull pain in Aurelia's throat. Hermione comes sweeping into the room, announcing that the booklists are here. She hands Ginny and Aurelia there mail and book lists, respectively. Aurelia has two extra letters outside of the booklist. One was from the head of her house and the other was a small tattered piece of parchment. Since the small tattered one was easier to open, she goes for that one first but, she really shouldn't have. Her heart slams against her rib cage as she looks at the writing on it, her eyes go wide and her hair turns white. congratulations my little moon. lots of love, mama No, she thinks, what the fuck?! Tears blur her vision, burning her eyes. Fuck, what the fuck? Why couldn't she just leave Aurelia alone, what the fuck. Aurelia gasps for air, it feels as though something's knocked it all from her lungs. Hermione suddenly lets out a loud squeal, Aurelia looks up at her. Trying to concentrate on that instead of the letter in her hands. She doesn't even have to actually see the badge to know she's gotten the spot of Gryffindor's Prefect this year. And that's not just because it's not surprising, it's the fact Aurelia can hear her thinking about how excited and thrilled she is about it. She's concentrating so hard on Hermione that she can hear her thoughts crystal clear. She can hear every word Hermione is thinking, it's not coming in and out like static. Aurelia quickly looks down at her feet, it's an invasion of privacy, she tells herself. She hadn't meant to, all she wanted to do was not think about the letter from her mother. Luckily, Hermione doesn't realise what Aurelia had done, perhaps she didn't notice the pressure being to preoccupied with her Prefect's Badge or maybe Aurelia hadn't delved all that deep into her brain. She hopes it's the latter. She tosses the letter into her trunk, hoping to forget about it by opening the letter from Professor Sprout. She surprisingly does as she reads the next letter, she's got it. Aurelia bloody well made Quiddtich Captain, and she smiles wide because she knows Cedric would be so proud of her. As Hermione scrambles out of the room, more than likely to go see Ron and Harry, Mae slips in. She's beaming proudly, obviously she must already know about Aurelia being Quidditch Captain. Of course, she must know, if Bellatrix knows than so does she. "Congrats, wee moon!" Mae sings, pulling Aurelia into a Hug, "I'm so proud of ye. Elliot's made Head Boy as well, so don't forget to congratulate him as well. Ye've both done so well, I'm so incredibly proud of the two o' yers." she says, kissing the top of Aurelia's head. "Thank you." Aurelia mumbles, letting that letter slip from her mind. "We'll be having a little party tonight to celebrate it and everything. It'll be fun." Mae says, smiling warmly. Elliot comes sauntering into the room, looking proper pleased with himself but, he doesn't brag about it, instead he says: "Ron's made prefect! Fred, George, and I think this year is going to be an absolute riot!" Aurelia sticks her tongue out at Elliot "He'll make a great prefect and you know it. How would you feel if he tore the mickey out of you for being a Head Boy?" "You act as though being George's boyfriend gives me special privileges, George'll tear the mickey out for Head Boy even more than he'll tease Ron for being Prefect. Ron should feel lucky, I'm basically taking a bullet for that boy." Both Mae and Aurelia roll their eyes, Mae drags Elliot into their little group hug, asking "So, Head Boy, when were ye goin' to tell me that ye are ickle Georgie were an item, huh?" Elliot actually grows flustered, he stammers to find the words. Aurelia supposes when he and George decided to keep their relationship on the down low as joke, they never really thought about what they were going to do when people found out. Molly's shrieks of glee fill the air as she congratulates Ron "I don't believe it! I don't believe it! Oh, Ron how wonderful!" Aurelia and Elliot exchange a knowing look before racing down the hall to find Ron and the others, which isn't that hard, really. Mae follows after them, smiling fondly, a congratulations for Ron is in order for as well. Elliot struts into the room with the others "Go, go, go, Ronniekins! You've made prefect! How wonderful!" he said in a teasing tone causing Aurelia to roll her eyes. "Congrats Ron, I knew you would make it, I'm not surprised they picked you." Aurelia tells Ron, a look of pride on her face, then she quickly gives Elliot a slight shove "Don't listen to this tosser, it's a great accomplishment!" Molly who had been squeezing the life out of her youngest son lets go of him "Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but you've already got one of course." "Wh — what do you mean?" Ron stammers in disbelief. "You've got to have a reward for this! How about a nice new set of dress robes?" "We've already bought him some." Fred says bitterly, Aurelia glares at him warning him to be nice as well, Fred ignores it and continues to scowl alongside George. "Or a new cauldron, Charlie's old one's rusting through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers?" "Mum, can I have a new broom?" Ron asks, looking at Molly with a hopeful expression, Molly's face falls. Aurelia leaves the room, about a week ago after Aurelia's last therapy session which had went fairly well, Mae had taken Elliot and Aurelia to Gringotts, she had taken out three hundred galleons worth from the Black family vault for Hogsmeade trips and Christmas gifts. She decides that she should give some money to Molly so she could afford a new broom for Ron, he deserves it. It was only fair since Aurelia's helped pay for some of Fred and George's joke shop that they were hoping to open once they graduated from Hogwarts. She grabs one hundred galleons from her stash of money, putting it into a little sack and then exits her room once again. Molly just so happens to be walking down the hallway. "Molly! Uh — I — I heard that Ron wants a new broom, I have — uh, I have one hundred galleons that — that should cover some of it, shouldn't it, r — right?" Aurelia stutters nervously. Handing over the little sack to Molly, who gasps: "Oh, dear, you don't have to." "But I want to." Aurelia says, "For Ron." pushing the sack of galleons towards Molly — this is not for you, considering you've been acting like a little shit towards me — Aurelia forces a smile on her face, "Go on, take it." Molly hesitates but has no choice but to take the sack as Aurelia practically shoves into her hands "Thank you, Aurelia. Congratulations on Quidditch Captain . . . Mae — er, your mother's been bragging about it all day along with Elliot's accomplishments. I believe a celebration's in order, don't you think? Maybe some cake or chocolate cheesecake?" Aurelia smiles slightly, chocolate cheesecake is her favourite, and although Molly's still uneasy, she just referred to Mae as their mother. It's improvement and it makes Aurelia giddy. "Aye, a party sounds lovely." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: I lowkey hate this chapter for some reason that I can't pin-point but at the same time, I think it's neat, like I like that (even though it's only a snippet right now) I'm adding more about Elliot's birth parents, which is something I didn't do in the OG Make Them Gold. It's not a lot yet but, it's a start? NEXT CHAPTER IS NEVARI REUNION! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! word count: 4780
AURELIA'S SLEEP IS FILLED WITH NIGHTMARES Aurelia's sleep is filled with nightmares, varying degrees of terrifying. She seems to wake up every hour, either because she startles herself awake or because she just about dies in the nightmare. She knew this would happen since Lyra refused to give her a Dreamless Sleep Potion and she had seen Mae's Boggart — Bellatrix. Naturally, a party at Grimmauld Place could never go well, Aurelia had slipped away from it, feeling somewhat stifled by everyone there and she walked in on Molly trying and failing to deal with a Boggart while Mae tries to convince her to leave it alone. Molly had been stubborn and insisted that she'll deal with it by herself, even after Harry walked in on the scene as well, and eventually Mae stepped in front of it and the Boggart went from dead bodies to Bellatrix Lestrange. The Boggart didn't do anything, didn't act out violently, didn't degrade Mae, it merely stared at Mae with a blank look, almost as though Bellatrix was looking at a stranger. It still startled Aurelia greatly. And so, Bellatrix weaves in and out of her dreams, sometimes Bellatrix is the saviour but mostly she's the one out to get Aurelia — hands wrapped around her throat, choking her and Bellatrix is screaming how she's no 'daughter of mine'. Her sharp nails are digging into Aurelia's jugular, you're not the one I wanted — you'll never be the one I wanted! Aurelia's dying, merlin, Bellatrix is going to kill her, she gasps for air as she claws at Bellatrix's hands and her heart is racing and her vision's blurring all she can make out is Bellatrix's snarling face — I don't want to die! "Who are you?!" Bellatrix snarls, loosening her grip to allow Aurelia to speak but all she manages is a choked sob as she desperately inhales some much need air but all too soon, Bellatrix's hands are clamped back around her throat, "You're not the one I wanted, you'll never be the one I want Aurelia Alice — Something cold splashes on her face and she gasps, her eyes darting open to see Ginny standing over her with an empty glass of water and only looking half apologetic. "You wouldn't wake up." Ginny says simply, holding out her empty hand for her to take, it's then that Aurelia realises she had fallen off her bed. "I woke up to you laying, whimpering on the ground so you'll probably be a little stiff. Merlin knows how you've been down there." Ginny says, "How do you fall off your bed at not realise it?" Aurelia doesn't know how to answer that because Ginny's right, although she couldn't have been on the ground for long because she swears she had just woken up from her previous nightmare not too long ago. Ginny smiles as she helps Aurelia to her feet "I wouldn't bother going back to bed, I think mum's just about ready to wake us." Aurelia brushes the dirt off her clothes, once again she had fallen asleep in a pair of jeans and Queen t-shirt, too tired to change the previous night. She mumbles a thanks to Ginny then stumbles to the shower before anyone else can claim it. Not that Aurelia thought that either Ginny or Hermione would; not when Molly's cooking breakfast this morning. When Aurelia stumbles back out of the shower both Ginny and Hermione are gone, they're downstairs eating breakfast. Aurelia's not all that hungry so she focuses all her attention on getting ready. It's a lot harder than she had thought it would be, she gets distracted easily by her thoughts. She also gets distracted by Lyra who saunters into the room with that potion in her hand, she has to force it down Aurelia's throat. It was only a little sip of potion, Lyra wanted to prolong its' effects until the effects until the feast just to make sure that Aurelia can't say anything. Of course, Aurelia tried to put up fight but it only ended with her being pinned to her bed as Lyra forced it down her throat, it also ended with Lyra ruining her very Heather McNamara-esque outfit by getting it all wrinkled. "My skirt's all ruined." Aurelia pouts, there's a tremor in her voice and she doesn't really care about the outfit but it's not like she can tell Lyra how she really feels. Lyra merely rolls her eyes "You're an arrogant little bitch, just like your mother." Then she saunters back out of the room, Aurelia curses her under her breath. Why does Lyra hate her so much? They were supposed to be family. "This is bullshit!" She curses under her breath, wiping away tears. She'll have to do her make-up now that her eyes are all red and puffy and she still hasn't mastered the ability on how to hide them with her Metamorphmagus abilities. Some eyeliner, eyeshadow, lipstick, and maybe some blush would definitely distract from the fact she looks like a walking, talking corpse. As she working on making herself look alive, there's a loud commotion out in the hall which results in Molly and Walburga screaming their heads off. "— COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, YOU IDIOTS —" "— FILTHY HALF-BREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS —" Then Elliot's piercing scream rings through the air: "PLEASE SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU WRINKLY OLD BIGOT!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Freddie, being the little bugger that he's always been, refuses to get in his carrier instead he perches himself on her shoulder like he's some sort of owl. Aurelia says her goodbyes to Mae, wishing that she would say "PSYCHE! We got ye good didn't we?!" but alas, she doesn't and once again Aurelia's left with the heavy feeling of guilt of being Bellatrix's bastard child. Mae kisses Aurelia's forehead, muttering "It'll be alright, I promise ye, wee moon." Aurelia doesn't believe her, she can't bring herself to believe her. Everything in her life had been a lie, Mae had lied to her (rational reasons for the lie aside), lots of people had lied to her but that matters not to Aurelia as she clings to Mae just a moment longer before muttering a final goodbye. Then, she follows Harry and Ginny onto the train they had just climbed aboard moments before. Upon joining them, Ginny asks if she can hold Freddie to which Aurelia allows it, her shoulders stinging from where the cat had stuck his claws in to keep himself balanced on her shoulder. Petting the black cat, Ginny smiles brightly, saying: "Come on, if we get a move on we'll be able to save a place for Ron and Hermione." Aurelia nods in agreement. "Right." Harry mumbles. With that they make their way down the train corridor. They run into Neville at the last compartment, he's just exiting the said compartment as they come across him. Aurelia's heart begins to race in both a good and bad way. She wants nothing more than to tell him, he deserves to know, she wishes that she could, that she didn't have this potion stopping her. But, even if she had the power to willingly say "Bellatrix's my mum, life sucks, doesn't it! Please don't hate me!" would she actually be able to get the words out without breaking down? She wonders if she'd have the ability to get those cynical words out of her mouth even without that potion running through her system, could she tell him even though she's still processing everything that happened. (She's still holding onto that tiny thread of hope that Remus, Maeve, and Sirius will just come out and tell her it's all just a very elaborate joke.) Neville smiles wide at the sight of Aurelia who stares at him with a faint smile on her lips. "Hey." Neville greets the trio, both Ginny and Harry return his greeting but Aurelia continues to stare at him; he wonders if there's something on his face. Ginny nudges Aurelia, who blinks multiple times before saying: "Oh, hello, Neville." in a soft tone, her eyes glossy. "Hello, Ari!" Neville greets again, his cheeks turning red, he places his bags down before moving to pull Aurelia into a tight hug, "I missed you!" She gasps in surprise but she doesn't hug back, thinking: you don't deserve this. You don't deserve to be his friend. But, his arms feel so nice around her, comforting, and it's just an innocent hug. Hesitantly, she hugs back and then she hugs him tightly, momentarily forgetting her turmoil as she rests her chin on top of his head. Maybe she doesn't deserve this but she can't help but let it happen. Neville had missed Aurelia so much, more than he could describe in the letters. Perhaps it had to do with the fact that Lyra had constantly taunted him about seeing Aurelia everyday but never ever letting him go with her. Or maybe it's because Aurelia never responded to his letters, something that he didn't mind, but it left him feeling quite lonely. That's why he wrote the letters even when he failed to get a response, so he'd feel less alone and maybe to make Aurelia feel less alone. Aurelia sniffles "I missed you too." Ginny peers into the compartment that Neville had just left to find Olivia sitting right next to Luna Lovegood. She looks back at Neville, asking: "Why'd you leave, this one has room?" Neville lets go of Aurelia and mutters something about not wanting to disturb anyone. "Don't be silly, it's only Luna and Livie. They're alright." Ginny says with a laugh as she slides the compartment door open, "Hi, Livie, Luna. Is it alright if we take these seats?" Luna and Olivia nod and with that, Ginny, Aurelia, Neville, and Harry make themselves comfortable in the compartment. "Have a good summer, Livie?" Ginny asks. "Yeah, I think my step-brother might be a wizard, he set Blue's Christmas present on fire, he was standing halfway across the room!" Olivia exclaims, nodding as a smile lights up her face, "And I spent a few weeks at Luna's." Ginny smiles victorious and Aurelia remembers that she had been the one to introduce Olivia to Luna with the intent to get the two together, so she must be feeling rather proud of herself "That sounds eventful. How was your summer, Luna, was it good?" Aurelia takes the spot next to the window, Neville sits next to her and Harry sits next to him, right in front of Luna Lovegood, who takes her attention off Olivia and places it on Harry. "Yes." Luna says dreamily "Yes, it was quite enjoyable, you know. You're Harry Potter." "I know I am." Neville chuckles and Luna's pale eyes land on him "I don't know who you are." "I'm nobody." He says quickly, shrugging shoulders, trying not to squirm uncomfortably under her gaze. "No, you're not!" Ginny says sharply. "You are not!" Aurelia cries the same time as Ginny, looking at him with narrowed eyes. "Luna, this is Neville Longbottom. Neville, this is Luna Lovegood. She's a Ravenclaw in my year." Ginny introduces the two of them. "Neville's a Gryffindor, a pro at Herbology and making flower crowns. He's also a great friend." Aurelia adds — a friend you don't fucking deserve! Olivia nods in agreement, laughing as she says: "Yeah, Luna, Longbottom, here, could give Professor Sprout a run for her money." at this point, Neville's blushing like mad — he looks so cute! Merlin's beard, brain, please stop that! Luna hums in response, giving Olivia a smile before retreating behind her upside down magazine. Not much is said as the train rattled onwards to Hogwarts. Aurelia's not sure how much time had passed when Neville breaks the silence, asking: "Guess what I got for my birthday?" "Another remembrall?" Harry guesses. A smile grows on Aurelia's face, she opens her mouth to speak but Neville, who's using his hand that's not holding Trevor, to dig through his messenger bag, glances up and says: "No, although I could use one . . . And you can't guess, Ari, if you read my letters, you already know." Aurelia pouts "Well, that's no fun, Cactus Butt." "Cactus Butt?" Neville repeats, "Because — oh." After a moment's pause, he pulls out a grey cactus-like thing in a pot, instead of spines it was covered in boils. "Mimbulus Mimbletonia." He states with pride. Beaming, Neville continues "It's really, really rare. I don't even think there's one at the Hogwarts' greenhouse, I can't wait to show Professor Sprout. My great-uncle Algie got it for me in Assyria. I'm going to see if I can breed it." "Does it — er — do anything?" Harry wonders. Aurelia smiles goofily as she watches him talk about the magical plant. Holy shit, he's so cute when he talks about Herbology! She thinks but shakes her head quickly, no! Don't, you'll never have him like that once he finds out, he's going to hate you when he knows your mother is Bellatrix Lestrange! She turns back to the window, feeling as though someone's squeezing her heart. "Loads of stuff!" Neville answers Harry in a giddy tone, "It's got an amazing defensive mechanism. Here, hold Trevor for me." There's a moment of silence and suddenly Aurelia feels herself being drenched in liquid. Aurelia cries out "Holy fuck!" in surprise. She looks around the compartment to see that just about everything's been drenched in the liquid, Neville must've poked the plant and upset it. "S — sorry! I haven't tried that before . . . I didn't realize it would be quite so . . . Don't worry Stinksap's not poisonous." Neville stammers sheepishly as Harry spits out some of the green Stinksap. It's at that moment the compartment door opens to reveal, Cho Chang. Aurelia's blood boils at the sight of her, she thinks of the letter Cho had sent and how she had asked — more like accused — Aurelia if she had been involved with Cedric's death more than people were saying. "Oh, hello, Harry . . . Uh, bad time?" Cho asks nervously. "No, it's a wonderful time!" Aurelia spits sarcastically, scooping us some Stinksap in her hand, "Why don't you join us, Chang?!" she adds hotly, about to throw the Stinksap at her but Neville places his hand over Aurelia's and shakes his head. Cho gives her a nervous once over before telling Harry "Well, I just thought, I'd say hello . . . Um, bye then." with that Cho left. Harry sinks into his seat and turns his head to glare at Aurelia "What was that for?" "She did a bitchy thing to me and I'm pissed off at her!" She snaps at him. Naturally, Aurelia's fucking pissed because of those letters, who wouldn't be, the girlfriend of your dead best friend, writing to you, sounding like she's blaming you for what happened, Aurelia likes to think it'd piss anyone off. "Never mind." Ginny says bracingly, interrupting Harry and Aurelia's fight before it can begin, "Look, we can easily get rid of all this. Scourgify!" with a wave of her wand, the Stinksap disappears. Freddie jumps down from his spot next to Ginny and jumps up on Aurelia's lap, he meows loudly, staring at the Mimbulus Mimbletonia. As if wanting it to explode again, Freddie tries to swat at it but Neville moves it out of the way just in time "Sorry." He says in a small voice, glancing at everyone in the compartment. "Well this is certainly an eventful start to the year." Olivia laughs. "Indeed it is." Luna agrees from behind her copy of the Quibbler. "So — so — uh, how was your summer, Ari?" Neville asks quietly as he puts away the magical plant. Aurelia stops petting Freddie, glancing at Neville, it was horrible, I wanted to die every single day of the holiday, I — "It was fine." "Lyra said you stayed at her house, you — you seem to be getting along now. That's g — good, isn't it?" Aurelia almost laughs. Her and Lyra will never get along, somehow this fact still makes her a bit sad even after the woman had slipped a potion in her drinks for days to keep her quiet about her mother. "It's okay, I guess." Aurelia replies blankly. "Did you have . . . Fun there?" No, she had spent the entire summer in Lyra's company among a bunch of adults who don't trust her. Aurelia had been absolutely miserable, she wanted to die. Lyra made her want to die. Her only solace had been Mae, her dad, and the twins, but even they had no idea what Lyra had done — is doing — to her. "Yeah, sure." She replies then goes back to petting Freddie and staring out the train window. Neville had known that she wouldn't be as talkative as she used to be considering what happened nearly three months ago. However, he can't help but feel like Aurelia doesn't want to talk to him specifically. He sighs dejectedly but leaves her be. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ As Aurelia and Neville wait at Hogsmeade station for a carriage that isn't completely full, things become even more awkward for Neville. Almost too awkward for him to handle. He doesn't understand why Aurelia's acting so standoffish towards him. Had he done something wrong? Had he said something in his letters that she didn't like? He wouldn't know because she hadn't responded to a single one, maybe he had annoyed her with the amount he sent. He hadn't meant to send so many but he wanted to make she never felt like she was alone, so he just kept writing letters, he knew for sure she had read them because she'd always send back the empty envelope. Maybe they had annoyed her. "Lyra got me my own owl for my birthday." Neville tells her, trying desperately to start a conversation with her, he rubs at his cheek subconsciously as he adds: "She got really mad that I kept using her owl to send letters to you so one day she brought this one home and said it was my early birthday present." "That . . . That's nice. What's his name?" "Oh! I — I — uh, named him Starry Night." "Starry Night?" "Like that Van Goth — no — no! I meant Van Gogh — the Van Gogh painting? Y'know, you're favourite one." "You . . . You named your owl after my favourite painting?" She asks, her eyes growing wide and her cheeks turning red. Neville nods, turning red as well "Yeah, I — I thought you'd appreciate it also . . . It fits, his wings look like they're speckled in stars." he explains, grinning goofily. "Yeah . . . Well, I . . ." Her sentence trails over as she glances at a Thestral. Usually she had no problem with them but seeing them this time around reminds her of Cedric. How he died but she's still here. The Killing Curse had went straight through her and hit him. She's still here. Aurelia inhales sharply, Neville, seeing them as well, grabs her hand and squeezes it tightly. "Look." Neville says, trying to get her attention off the skeletal horses, "I see Dean and Seamus, they've got a carriage that's empty! Why don't we go sit with them?" Aurelia nods with a shrug. It's terrifying how comforting it is to hold Neville's hand, you're going to miss this when he hates — stop. Aurelia squeezed her eyes shut, she takes in a deep breath and gives him a smile "Okay, Plant Boy, let's go!" Neville smiles in return, his heart hammering in his chest at the sight of her smile. Maybe, he had been overthinking things before, yes, that's got to be it, everything's as fine as it could get. Everything is going to be fine between us, Neville thinks, squeezing her hand again. Dean and Seamus aren't alone, they're chatting with a Slytherin, not just any Slytherin but Pansy's best friend, Abigale Montgomery. To see Abigale not attached to Pansy Parkinson's hip is a pretty odd sight. Aurelia notes that Abigale got a lot prettier over the summer, the last time she had spoken to Abigale had been before the second task. Abigale's the first to notice Neville and Aurelia making their way over as she moves to get in a carriage with Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan. A wave of deja vu washes over her "You look very — your hair — your hair! It's very pretty — er — curly like that." she can hear Neville stutter although he doesn't open his mouth. Aurelia's just about to greet Dean when Neville opens his mouth to speak, Abigale —who's kind of a bitch — yells out "Oh, Bluey the Cutie! Your hair is very pretty like that!" Aurelia's hair turns bright pink and Neville looks at Abigale with an gaping mouth, his shoulders slumping in defeat. Dean and Seamus who had been arguing about something stop to turn and greet Neville and Aurelia. "Hello, Dean. Seamus." Aurelia greets the two boys then smiles shyly at Abigale, "Hi, Abigale." "Hi, Aurelia." Abigale says, winking at her as she thrust her hand out for Aurelia to shake. "Joining us for the ride?" She asks to which a pink-faced Aurelia nods her head, "Wonderful." Abigale smirks at Neville, teasingly remarking: "Hope you don't mind me stealing your girl." "She's not my girl. She's my friend." Neville replies, gritting his teeth, Abigale's grin grew even wider at Neville's obvious jealousy. Seamus notices it as well and began snickering quietly to Dean who rolls his eyes, but is thankful that Seamus has been distracted, he'd much rather hear Seamus tease Aurelia about Neville, instead of ask her about that like he had planned too. Aurelia blushes bright pink at Abigale's teasing remark. Abigale gets into the carriage and pats the seat next to her "Come, sit with me, cutie pie!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Neville, Dean, Seamus, Abigale, and Aurelia were heading towards the great hall when Pansy Parkinson's voice cries out "Abby! There you are — ugh! — what are you doing with them?!" Neville glances at Abigale hoping she'll go back to Pansy and the other Slytherins so he can be closer to Aurelia. Instead, she rolls her eyes and hisses something to Aurelia that Neville can't hear. "What?!" Aurelia gasps in disbelief but Abigale doesn't repeat herself, she just presses her lips against Aurelia's. The three boys' jaws dropped, Neville feels his stomach twist and he narrows his eyes at Abigale. He glances at Pansy who looks just as shocked as everybody else and a bit jealous but he doubts she feels as jealous as he does. Aurelia pulls away, looking equally shocked as everybody else. "What?" She mumbles softly, eyebrows furrowing together in a mix of anger and confusion as she wipes her mouth. Momentarily, Abigale looks mortified herself, but she quickly recovers, becoming a little too cocky for her normal behaviour. "See you later, love." Abigale says, winking and smirking as she heads over to Pansy and Draco. "Love?" Dean and Seamus whisper, looking at each other in confusion, they then look to Neville "Love?" they repeat. Neville only scowls. There's a moment of silence between the three Gryffindors and Hufflepuff. Aurelia's the first to break it by saying: "We should get to the Great Hall." and so they do. They sit near Ron, Hermione, and Harry who are whispering about Hagrid's absence. Beside Aurelia sits Dennis and another girl Aurelia had never paid much attention to but she's got a name that sounds like she's a paper boy from the nineteen-twenties, the girl looks beyond stressed. "Oh, good Godric!" Elliot groans as he sits across from Aurelia and Neville and in between Dean and Seamus. "Have you seen the new DADA professor?!" he demands to know in an overdramatic tone of voice as he points his finger at the staff table. The girl with the paper boy name groans loudly, pinching the bridge of her nose and muttering: "I want to die." Aurelia looks at that the staff table and frowns as her eyes land on the new professor clad in pink. She's got a toad-ish appearance which makes Aurelia think of those brightly coloured frogs from the rainforest. The poisonous ones. Something's not right about this woman and she looks oddly familiar but, Aurelia can't quite put her finger on where she's seen this woman before. Aurelia thinks about scolding herself for being paranoid but than she recalls that her first Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher had Voldemort on the back of his head and the last one had been a Death-Eater in Disguise the whole fucking time. So, Aurelia thinks she might have a right to be a little paranoid, considering the track record. Seamus laughs "Hey, Neville, I found Trevor's long lost sister." Aurelia scoffs "That's an insult to Trevor." Elliot snorts as he nods in agreement. "Anyways, what was that all about?" He asks, changing the subject. "What was all what about?" Aurelia asks right back, raising an eyebrow. He rolled his eyes "Abigale kissed you! Abigale Montgomery!" Elliot exclaims. Going unnoticed by Aurelia, Neville scowls once again. She shrugs, pushing her curlier than normal hair out of her face, "I'm not sure, she just — she just kind of kissed me." "She just kissed you?" "Yes!" Aurelia replies sharply, "It was just a kiss! It was only a kiss!" A kiss she didn't quite appreciate, but it's not like he would, or anyone, would care to know how you feel about it. Their attention soon turns to the Sorting Hat which promptly opens its mouth and sings an odd song that's completely different and more ominous than the rest had been. It sends chills up Aurelia's spine, even the fucking Sorting Hat could tell something was wrong but yet the Ministry still refuses to believe Voldemort was back. "Branched out a bit this year." Ron states with raised eyebrows, everyone who heard him nods in agreement. "Too right it has." Harry agrees. "I wonder if it's ever given warnings before?" Hermione wonders, her tone anxious. "Yes indeed." Nearly Headless Nick replies leaning through Neville, Aurelia scoots over to avoid being touched by the ghost, which isn't a pleasant feeling "The hat feels itself honor-bound to give the school due warning whenever it feels —" The Gryffindor ghost falls silent as does the rest of the Great Hall as the Sorting Ceremony begins. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia's snapped out a daze she hadn't even realised she had slipped into by Neville who pokes her shoulder, she blinks turning to him. "Huh?" "Food's out." Neville says as he gestures to the food that's just appeared, "Aren't you gonna have something to eat? You should." Aurelia blinks again then nods. "Are you alright?" No. No. And, no! Aurelia frowns as she struggles not to cry "Yeah, m'fine. M'just tired that's all." "Oh . . . Okay." Neville says although he's not at all convinced. He glances at Aurelia in worry, she doesn't eat that much food, she doesn't even have any chocolate desserts or any cheesecake which is very unlike her. However, the feast is over before he can suggest that she eat more. Dumbledore gets to his feet to give his speech "Well, now that we are all digesting another magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your attention for the usual Start-of-Term notices, first-years ought to know that the Forest in the grounds is out-of-bounds to students — and a few of our older students ought to know by now, too." He says, his voice echoing the Great Hall, from the corner of her eye, Aurelia can see Ron, Hermione, and Harry smirk. "Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four-hundred-and-sixty second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr. Filch's office door. We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons; we are also delighted to introduce Professor Umbridge, our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher." There's a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause, during which Aurelia can't help but wonder when Hagrid would be returning. Dumbledore continues "Tryouts for the house Quidditch teams will take place on the —" He stops, looking at Professor Umbridge. As she's not much taller standing than sitting, there's a moment where Aurelia doesn't understand why Dumbledore had stopped his speech but then Professor Umbridge clears her throat. "Hem, hem." It becomes clear that she had gotten to her feet, intending to make a speech. Dumbledore's only looked taken aback for a moment, then he sat down and looked alertly at Professor Umbridge as though he desired nothing better than to listen to her talk. Other members of staff were not as adept at hiding their surprise. Professor Sprout's eyebrows had disappeared into her flyaway hair and Professor McGonagall's mouth was as thin as Aurelia had ever seen it. No teacher had ever interrupted Dumbledore before. "Thank you, Headmaster." Umbridge simpers, "For those kind words of welcome." Oooh, I really don't like her. Umbridge's voice is high-pitched, breathy and little-girlish, Aurelia's certain she loathed everything about Umbridge, from her stupid voice to her fluffy pink cardigan. She gave another little throat-clearing cough and continues. And then Aurelia remembers, she knows this woman. It's like an horrible epiphany as she recalls that holding cell memory where Umbridge had tried to use Aurelia as weapon against Bellatrix. Oh, fuck's sake! "Well, it's lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I must say!" She says, a smile revealing very pointed teeth, "And to see such happy little faces looking up at me!" Aurelia glances around, none of the faces she can see looked happy, not even in the slightest. "I am very much looking forward to getting to know you all and I'm sure we'll be very good friends!" Her stomach twists painfully, this is not going to be a good year. Her head swims and her throat constricts. They won't be friends at all! She remembers that memory much better now, thanks to all these new memories that had resurfaced. Over the course of summer, Mae had taken down some of the memory guards that had been placed upon her, every so often a new memory would ease its way into Aurelia's mind. Although, Mae could not get rid of the false memories placed in her head, that was out of Mae's area of expertise when it came to Blood Magic. She remembers that Umbridge had been holding her weird, her little baby self hadn't liked it one bit and she remembers biting Umbridge, hard. She, herself, can't remember why Umbridge had been holding her or what she had been saying to her mother, but it was nothing good as it had distressed her mother, which in turn, had distressed baby Aurelia. But, she remembers just recently seeing why Umbridge had done it through a Pensieve. All it took was that memory and the fact that Umbridge had called Mae 'a filthy Squib' for Aurelia to know she absolutely loathed Umbridge. And, now she's here at Hogwarts, fan-fucking-tastic! This is the second year in a row that there's been a Defence Against the Dark Arts professor who hates Aurelia. Feeling faint, Aurelia grabs the edges of the Gryffindor table to steady herself. She's got a very bad feeling that Umbridge is going to be the end of her. Oh, Aurelia thinks miserably, you should've definitely dropped out. Professor Umbridge clears her throat again "Hem, hem — the Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be of vital importance. The rare gifts with which you were born may come to nothing if not nurtured and honed by careful instruction. The ancient skills unique to the wizarding community must be passed down the generations lest we lose them forever. The treasure trove of magical knowledge amassed by our ancestors must be guarded, replenished and polished by those who have been called to the noble profession of teaching." Professor Umbridge pauses, giving a little bow to her fellow staff members. None of them bow back to her. Serves her right. Professor McGonagall's dark eyebrows had contracted so that she looked positively hawklike, and Aurelia can see McGonagall exchange a significant glance with Professor Sprout as Umbridge gives another little "hem, hem" and continues with her speech. "Every Headmaster and Headmistress of Hogwarts has brought something new to the weighty task of governing this historic school, and that is as it should be, for without progress there will be stagnation and decay. There again, progress for progress's sake must be discouraged, for our tried and tested traditions often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between old and new, between permanence and change, between tradition and innovation." Aurelia, now sporting dark red hair due to listening to the annoying voice of Umbridge, looks at the Hufflepuff table, trying to find Olivia but she's not seated at the table so she glances at the Ravenclaw table. It's not hard to spot Olivia sitting in between Luna and Nat. Nat looks as though she's sleeping, Aurelia locks eyes with Olivia and they share a look, more than likely thinking the same exact thing: "Yo, who the fuck is this?!" Aurelia sighs, this was going to be a long year. Yet again. Sadly, this isn't the end of the Umbridge's speech, it seems to Aurelia that almost no one's still listening besides the professor, and Hermione, of course, who appears to be drinking in every word Umbridge. Judging by Hermione's expression, she doesn't exactly agree with them. Umbridge spews more nonsense about changes, that it'll be for the better and Aurelia disagrees, change is hardly ever good. Recently, Aurelia has come to hate the changes in her life, minus a select few. The fact Umbridge is talking about bringing change to Hogwarts tells Aurelia that it's not going to be good. Umbridge takes a seat and Dumbledore claps and the staff follow his lead but less enthusiastically. No one is really pleased or interested in the new professor. Professor Dumbledore stands up to finish his speech: "Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illuminating," He says as he bows to her, "Now, as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held —" Hermione begins speaking to Ron and Harry and so Aurelia decided to listen to her instead of Dumbledore. "Yes, it certainly was illuminating." Hermione whispers. "You're not telling me you enjoyed it?" Ron asks quietly as he gives Hermione a disbelieving look, "That was about the dullest speech I've ever heard, and I grew up with Percy." Aurelia flinches at the mention of Percy — he's right y'know, you're crazy! "I said illuminating, not enjoyable." Hermione retorts "It explained a lot." "Did it?" Harry cuts in, "Sounded like a load of waffle to me." "There was some important stuff hidden in the waffle." Hermione replies grimly. "Was there?" Ron asks. "How about: 'progress for progress's sake must be discouraged'? How about: 'pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited'?" "Well, what does that mean?" Ron says impatiently just as eager as Aurelia is to know what Hermione had gotten from that dreadful speech. "I'll tell you what it means," said Hermione through gritted teeth. "It means the Ministry's interfering at Hogwarts." "That's bullshit." Aurelia mumbles, "The Ministry is crooked! We're fucked if they mess with this school." I'm fucked if they mess with this school! They'd kill me, they wanted me dead when I was just a innocent little baby imagine what they'll do to me now! Aurelia tries to calm herself down as she recalls the remarks Moody said about her and the Ministry, what they wanted to do with her after they caught her mother. The Great Hall stirs noisily meaning that Dumbledore had dismissed the students. For Aurelia, that meant she had to go see Lyra. Aurelia shudders, Lyra's going to force her to take that God awful potion again. It'd be wearing off in a few hours; Lyra wouldn't stand for that. That also means that possibly the pain it causes won't be as bad, perhaps she could try to tell him now. Neville goes to stand up and Aurelia seizes his sleeve, her throat starts to burn at just the thought of telling him. The effects of the potion kicking in. "Neville!" Aurelia whispers sharply, her throat burning like someone had coated it with gasoline and lit it on fire — you've got to tell him. You've got to tell him. He's got the right to know — oh, God it hurts! Aurelia frowns, it still hurts the same. Neville looks down quickly, thrilled that she's talking to him. "Neville I — I . . . I —" Aurelia stammers out, tears sting her eyes as the pain in her throat is almost unbearable. She didn't think the pain could get that bad, did Lyra know? Did she understand the pain she is putting Aurelia in? "I need to —" Aurelia cuts herself off, surprised as the strong taste of copper filled her throat. Oh, Merlin. It made her bleed. "Yes?" Neville asks concerned. Aurelia feels sick, her hair turning a sickly green colour as she gets up "Never mind." Neville hopeful expression turns to disappointment, Aurelia's pain dissipates but the taste of blood remains. How could Lyra do this to her? How could she put her through this much pain just to keep Neville from knowing the truth. Perhaps if Lyra's intentions were to protect Neville from getting hurt, Aurelia could try to understand but no, those weren't her intentions. She's doing this to hurt Neville as well. She wants to tear their friendship apart. "I — I've got to go now, Plant Boy, goodnight." Aurelia says quickly, tears threatening to fall. "Goodnight, Sunflower . . . Girl." Neville mumbles as Aurelia scampers away halfway through his farewell. Neville watches as Aurelia approaches Lyra, shaking like a leaf with white hair. Lyra sneers at her before roughly grabbing Aurelia's arm and dragging her out of the hall. He frowns at this sight, he thinks about going after them but Seamus starts tugging on his arm and telling him to hurry up. Behind Neville's back, Seamus casts a dirty glance at Aurelia's retreating form. The walk up to the Gryffindor tower is one Neville doesn't really pay attention to, his mind still focused on Aurelia disappearing with Lyra. It was an odd sight and he worries for Aurelia. It's not until he hears the Fat Lady telling Harry: "No password, no entrance." does he snap out of his daze. "Harry, I know it!" Neville says, panting as he jogs up to Harry, "Guess what it is? I'm actually going to be able to remember it for once — Mimbulus mimbletonia!" "Correct," says the Fat Lady, and her portrait swings open towards them like a door, revealing a circular hole in the wall behind, through which they both climb into. Although Seamus and Dean had only entered their dorm a minute or so before Neville and Harry, they were already in a deep conversation: "Of course, I was only joking back then but, really, I'm not surprised that she's actually crazy —" They fall silent the moment Neville and Harry entered. "Hi," Harry says, moving across to his own trunk and opening it. "Hey, Harry," Dean says, putting on a pair of pajamas in the West Ham colours, "Good holiday?" "Not bad, you?" "Yeah, it was okay," Dean chuckles, "Better than Seamus's, anyway, he was just telling me." "Why, what happened, Seamus?" Neville asks as he places his Mimbulus mimbletonia tenderly on his bedside cabinet, Seamus made no comment on having a bad holiday during the ride up to Hogwarts. But, then again Abigale bloody Montgomery kept talking all the way, even cutting Seamus off many times, so Neville supposes it's not like he could've said much about his holiday. Seamus hesitates, making a great effort to stick an poster to wall that's already been stuck "Me mam didn't want me to come back." "What?" Harry says, pausing in the act of pulling off his robes. "She didn't want me to come back to Hogwarts." Seamus turns away from his poster, pulling his own pajamas out of his trunk, still not looking at Harry. "But — why?" Harry says, astonished. Seamus doesn't answer until he had finished buttoning his pyjamas "Well, I suppose . . . Because of you." "What d'you mean?" Harry says quickly, looking quite panicked. Neville looks around at his dorm mates, not quite understanding as to why this conversation was happening but, he doesn't think it will end well. "Well, she . . . Er . . . Well, it's not just you, it's Dumbledore, too . . . And, Aurelia —" "She believes the Daily Prophet?" Harry says, "She thinks I'm a liar and Dumbledore's an old fool, and that Aurelia's a crazy murderer?" Neville frowns, narrowing his eyes. His grandmother had cancelled the Daily Prophet not too long after they started slandering Aurelia, Harry, and Dumbledore. Neville was quite pleased that she had because he hated seeing all the bad things written about his friends, especially Aurelia. Most of them speculated that she killed Cedric, either on accident or on purpose and this whole 'You-Know-Who story' had just been a cover-up. Aurelia would never kill Cedric, she'd never kill anyone! She wouldn't dare hurt Cedric Diggory of all people. Neville felt that burning hate in the pit of his stomach, it made him sick but he hated how they're slandering Aurelia. Neville's not one to let hate consume him, he never liked the feeling of hate, it made him sick but in this case, he couldn't help it. The nerve of those people, saying such horrible things about Aurelia, they all sounded like Lyra. Only, in this situation, Lyra is on Aurelia's side, well, when it comes to the whole Cedric thing. Lyra had told him that Gwendoline Goyle put her under the Imperius Curse to get her to the Graveyard, she had put Aurelia under the curse multiple times that year. Lyra says that Goyle's specialty is the Imperius Curse which is probably why Aurelia hadn't been able to fight off hers'. Lyra told him that it was Goyle who killed Cedric, so had Aurelia. The Ministry of Magic knew at the very least that Gwendoline Goyle was present in the graveyard because Aurelia had her name carved into her stomach yet they continuously leave that out in their articles. Either placing the blame on Aurelia or placing the blame on the stress of the Triwizard Tournament. "Yeah, something like that." Seamus says, finally looking at Harry. Neville gives Seamus an incredulous look, how could he believe that, Seamus must know Aurelia better than that. Harry says nothing as he gets ready for bed, angrily pulling on his pyjamas and then angrily getting into bed. Just as Harry was about to close the curtains around his bed, Seamus asks: "Look . . . What did happen that night when . . . You know, when . . . With Cedric Diggory and Aurelia?" Seamus sounds nervous and eager at the same time. Dean, who had been bending over his trunk trying to retrieve a slipper, goes oddly still as he listens in on the conversation. "What are you asking me for?" Harry retorts, "Just read the Daily Prophet like your mother, why don't you? That'll tell you all you need to know." "Don't you have a go at my mother," Seamus snaps "I'll have a go at anyone who calls me a liar!" "Don't talk to me like that!" "I'll talk to you how I want," Harry says angrily, snatching up his wand, "If you've got a problem sharing a dormitory with me, go and ask McGonagall if you can be moved . . . Stop your mummy worrying —" "Leave my mother out of this, Potter!" "What's going on?" Ron says, appearing in the doorway, his wide eyes travel from Harry, who's kneeling on his bed with his wand pointing at Seamus, to Seamus, who's standing there with his fists raised. "He's having a go at my mother!" Seamus yells. "What?" Ron says, "Harry wouldn't do that — we met your mother, we liked her!" "That's before she started believing every word the stinking Daily Prophet writes about me!" Harry says loudly. "Oh. Oh . . . Right." "You know what?" Seamus says heatedly, "He's right, I don't want to share a dormitory with him any more, he's a madman." "That's out of order, Seamus," Ron says defensively. "Out of order, am I? You believe all the rubbish he's come out with about You-Know-Who, do you, you reckon he's telling the truth?" "Yeah, I do!" said Ron angrily, "How could you not, wouldn't you believe, Blue, she's your friend isn't she?" "Then you're mad, too!" Seamus says disgustedly, "You're all mad! Especially her! She may have been my friend but she was always a little crazy, it's not that surprising to hear she killed Diggory, do you not realise who she's related too! She was acting sketchy after she got picked for that ruddy tournament, she was —" "Sad! She was sad, and scared!" Neville says, glaring at Seamus with such a dark look it shocks everyone in the room, "Lyra said she's got depression!" He leaves out the fact that Lyra makes fun of Aurelia for it because it's Lyra, she'll always make fun of Aurelia. Although Lyra had made it seem like a joke, Neville had a feeling whatever 'depression' was, it's something serious. Seamus snorts "Depression is just a fancy word for being sad, Neville. It doesn't excuse her behaviour, she's gone crazy! Maybe it was the tournament or maybe she was always crazy!" Neville clenches his fists "Ari, isn't crazy!" Seamus scowls and rolls his eyes "You're all bloody mad!" "Yeah? Well, unfortunately for you, pal, I'm also a prefect!" Ron says, jabbing himself in the chest with a finger, "So unless you want detention, watch your mouth!" Seamus contemplates saying something more but after a moment, he turns on his heel and hides himself behind the curtains of his bed, which fall to the ground because he pulls on them so violently. "Anyone else's parents got a problem with Harry?" Ron asks aggressively, glaring around at them. "My parents are Muggles, mate," Dean says with a shrug, "They don't know nothing about no deaths at Hogwarts, because I'm not stupid enough to tell them." "You don't know my mother, she'd weasel anything out of anyone!" Seamus snaps at him, "Anyway your parents don't get the Daily Prophet. They don't know our Headmaster's been sacked from the Wizengamot and the International Confederation of Wizards because he's losing his marbles —" "My gran says that's rubbish," Neville says, "She says it's the Daily Prophet that's going downhill, not Dumbledore. She's cancelled our subscription. We believe Aurelia and Harry.. My gran's always said You-Know-Who would come back one day. She says if Dumbledore says he's back, he's back." Neville pulls the covers up to his chin, saying nothing more as he turns his attention to his prized plant, hoping that Aurelia's not being met with a similar conversation in the Hufflepuff Common Room. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Nevari have reunited and they're in for a wild ride! In a car with no seat-belts! This should be fun! ALSO the whole Abigale kiss thing was in the OG version but I've only just realised how 'yikes' it was while editing\rewriting this chapter but I can't get rid of it because it'll be important in upcoming chapters,,, I promise there's good reason for it! Thank you guest for leaving a review, it means a lot to hear that you think the pacing of my chapters are good because I'm constantly worried that they're not! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of it! word count: 7991 (im sorry oop)
HISTORY OF MAGIC, FIRST THING IN THE morning seemed to be the only good thing about the day. After reading her schedule for the day, Aurelia places it down and scans the Gryffindor table for a cool drink, her throat is still scratchy from the potion Lyra shoved down her throat the previous night and she needs something to soothe that feeling. Most of the Gryffindors around her are complaining about the fact they've got to deal with Professor Binns this early in the morning, but, she doesn't mind, she quite enjoys Professor Binns on most days. She enjoys the material they learn more though; Aurelia's always loved history, all kinds of history. She loves the history of Wizarding World, she loves the history of the Muggle World, every aspect, every theory, every myth fascinates her. Neville's not overly thrilled about it, he always ends up falling asleep during the class but he doesn't complain knowing that Aurelia thoroughly enjoyed the subject and it's making her smile that beaming sunshine smile that he missed so much. "You must be happy." He comments. Pouring herself a glass of pumpkin juice, Aurelia nods, then she picks her schedule up again. Hufflepuffs share two classes with the Gryffindors: History of Magic and Defence Against the Dark Arts. The other two classes she's got are Transfiguration with the Ravenclaws and Muggle Studies with the Slytherins. "How can you stand Professor Binns?" Ron questions Aurelia in disbelief. Aurelia rolls her eyes "Professor Binns is borning. Like — no pun intended — drop dead boring when he teaches. But, he's got his moments and I like the subject itself. It's bloody fascinating and it's just a bunch of remembering what you read. My memory is pretty decent." Aurelia replies, her memory is more than decent and she hates it. "I agree, but I do however wish that since Professor Binns is teaching, that they would start calling it the Ghost-story of Magic." Olivia chimes in, giggling with a beaming smile. Aurelia and Ron share a look "Do you see what I have to put up with?" Aurelia whispers to him. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ History of Magic and Transfiguration had been rather uneventful but, Muggle Studies had not been. No, Muggle Studies turned out to be rather interesting and kind of mortifying. Just before Muggle Studies had started Abigale Montgomery had pulled her aside with a terrible idea, actually it was a deal at first, a terrible deal. "Hey, Blue, fake date me. I want to make Pansy jealous and I'll make sure I'll do everything in my power to keep people from finding out your true parentage." There's a moment of silence as a wave of horror washes over Aurelia, and Abigale rethinks her choice of words because that had not come out the way she wanted to, she was bad at words, or at least she had been since Esrom. Abigale Montgomery used to be great with words, she used to know what she wanted and she used to know how to get what she wanted when she wanted it with just words but, now? Now, she's just a bloody mess. "Wait — no — frick — that makes it sound like I'm going to spill the beans, which I wouldn't do — I'm not that huge of a bitch — I swear it won't be me!" "What?" Aurelia whispers, her lower lip quivering as she stares at Abigale "W — w — what do you mean?" "If you fake date me — which will totally make Pansy jealous, trust me — I will do everything I can to make sure no one finds out about the whole Bellatrix situation, cover-up, thing." "How do you know this? How do you — how — how do you know what my 'parentage' is?" "On the carriages, I could hear — I could hear you screaming it." Abigale replies, trying her best not to tell Aurelia the whole truth. Although she really wanted too, because poor Aurelia Black deserved some truth in her messy, lie of a life. But, there were multiples things stopping her from doing so, one being something no one in their right mind would believe. The other being, Dumbledore, who he himself, didn't even know the full truth of the situation. He'd be like a kid in a candy store if he did. "Are you a — are you a Legilimens?" Aurelia questions, breaking Abigale's train of thought. There's a short pause and a large smile grew on Abigales' face "Sure!" Another short pause. "So, uh, 'fake date' me." Yet another short pause. "Fine." Aurelia agrees, sighing, she's not exactly keen on the idea but this did have some benefits in the long run for her and imagine if Neville found out thanks to — "Fine, alright, okay, only if you keep your end of the bargain. And if you're actually being truthful, because you and Pansy would be cute together." Aurelia cannot bear the thought of Neville finding that out from Abigale Montgomery, of all people, she's kind of a blunt bitch, she's Pansy's best friend, of course, she's a blunt bitch. Aurelia wants to be the one to tell him, she's just got to figure out a way around this potion. Maybe, Abigale could help her with that; she's rather skilled at Potions. Abigale squeals, calm and collected Abigale Montgomery, squeals "Wow, I didn't think you'd actually agree to this! Wow, oh, wow . . . Um, okay, why don't we sit together during class?" she gushes in surprise and pure excitement. Aurelia frowns, she didn't want that at all. She didn't want to be anywhere near Abigale, why have I said yes? Her pounding heart and sweaty palms give her the answer, she's terrified, what if Abigale is bad and what if she's more powerful than she knows. After all, she's a Seer, maybe not the best Seer but still a Seer nevertheless, and she hangs out with the Pure-blood lot, she must know lots of good spells to fight with. She shouldn't cross Abigale. Looks certainly can be deceiving. So, Aurelia had another girlfriend, (cough, fake girlfriend, cough) that happened fast. Yet, somehow, not as fast as it happened with Noelle/Goyle. At least, this time Aurelia knows for sure that she agreed to this on her own free will. Sure, she got blackmailed into it but, at least Abigale didn't put her under the Imperious Curse like Noelle/Goyle had. And at the very least she knows for sure Abigale isn't a forty-four year old Death-Eater in disguise. Still, Aurelia's got a feeling something's not right about this whole thing. Even a voice whispers don't bloody trust that shit in the back of her mind and if it hadn't been for the fear coursing through her veins she would've recognised that voice as someone else's, someone very familiar. Abigale links arms with Aurelia then whispers in her ear "Look, I think you and Longbottom are super, bloody cute so, if you want, well, you can tell him we're not actually together! And, only him, because he doesn't peg me as the type of bloke who goes around gossiping. He might like listening to gossip but, he seems far too shy to gossip. So, I think our little secret will be safe with him. I don't want your soon to be relationship with him to go down the drain because of me." "Our what?" Aurelia gasps, did she hear that correctly? "Also don't worry about PDA or anything, I'm not too big on that — like, we don't have to kiss or hold hands or anything of that sort. Pansy knows I'm not into that gushy shit so she won't be suspicious if we don't, like, do anything. I wouldn't want to make you uncomfortable or anything. We could be, like, friends or something. Well, anyway, thank you for saying yes, it means a lot! I promise you won't regret it!" Aurelia pulls away, feeling very awkward even just being arm in arm with Abigale "Listen, Montgomery, we'll have no contact at all." She says it firmly and while Abigale's glossy eyes show the opposite, she nods her head eagerly. "Of course! If that makes you comfortable!" Abigale says quickly, she sounds like she's totally okay with that but her eyes tell a different story. Aurelia rips her arm away from Abigale's grip "We'll not sit together today! I'm not falling for this ruse again, you're up to something and I will not allow you to betray me. So you may go around saying that we're dating and I will tell them we are but that's it. That's all you're getting from me and I will be telling Neville that it's fake. I am not as weak as you may think I am! Sure Goyle got me but I've learned my lesson. I won't let you do the same!" Her heart is racing quickly, something hot is coursing through her veins and damn did it feel good to say that. Abigale frowns pitifully "I don't — I'm not going to hurt you, I promise. I — this — well, I get where you're coming from and we can do that — I can do that. I was just hoping we could be, like, friends." Snorting, Aurelia eyes her distrustfully "Not likely, Montgomery, I told you, I'm not falling for it whatever ulterior motive you have. Go on, spread the rumour we're dating and I'll go along with it but, that's it, that's all I'm doing. And you better hold up your end of this deal, and help me with this blasted —" "Cat's Tongue." Abigale says, "It's called Cat's Tongue Potion, it's an older potion and it's more common in American. The main ingredients are easier attainable there. And I'll help you with that." Aurelia frowns, okay maybe she was a better Seer then everyone says "Well, thanks. I'm heading to class now." She turns on her heel and leaves Abigale behind. Abigale frowns, brushing her brunette locks out of her face. "I don't have a ulterior motive," Abigale says sourly, "I don't even want to do this." But I do, she says, appearing beside Abigale who doesn't even spare her a glance. It must be done dearest, Abigale. The future depends on it. "The future can shove it." Abigale says, "She's terrified, I've got to tell her the truth —" Absolutely not! "But —" No, I won't hear it! "She'll be more cooperative if I tell her! You know that, you've Seen it . . . Please . . . Esrom . . . " ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "I can't believe you're going to date Abigale Montgomery!" Olivia says for the hundredth time, shaking Aurelia from her thoughts, to be fair she can't believe it either. Aurelia never had a crush on Abigale, she does think the Slytherin is cute to a point, however, Abigale's kind of out of her league. Then again, everyone is out of Aurelia's league. But, the fact that Abigale is out of her league didn't really matter because Aurelia never really considered dating her, actually dating her. Besides the fact that she thinks Pansy and Abigale would be really cute together, Aurelia only agreed to fake-date Abigale because she's scared the Slytherin would tell everyone her secret. She got fucking blackmailed, Abigale even knew she blackmailed Aurelia, at least she had the decency to look apologetic about it. Aurelia sighs, this can't end well. She just hopes that Abigale doesn't find a way to pull the rug out from under her feet, she really hopes that whatever the real reason Abigale is doing this, isn't as dark as the whole Noelle thing. "I can't believe you." Olivia says again, shaking of her head. "Wha — what did — did Ari do now?" Neville asks, sounding out of breath as he comes to walk with the two Hufflepuffs to their Defence Against the Dark Arts class. "She has a girlfriend." Neville almost chokes on his own spit "Wha — girl — girlfriend?!" he exclaims and Aurelia nods her head. Olivia gives Neville a teasing smile "What? Didn't know baby Blue actually liked girls too? Don't worry neither did I!" "I knew! I just — never mind! I'm happy for you Ari." Neville says, giving Aurelia a small smile (he is not!) which she returns. Aurelia grabs his hand, leaning down to his ear to mutter: "It's not what Liv says . . . Well, not exactly. I'll explain it later, don't say anything right now though." Brows furrowing in confusion, Neville wonders what Aurelia means by this. How could it not be what Olivia says it is? Still, Neville nods his head, he'd listen to her. He'd always listen to her. They fall silent as they continue on their way to their next class, the three of them are very anxious to see if Professor Umbridge's teaching methods are as fake as her smiles and sweet voice. Aurelia's quite certain that they will be, if Umbridge hadn't changed much in these last fourteen years, then she'll probably be a horrible teacher. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ When Olivia, Neville, and Aurelia enter the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom they find Professor Umbridge already sitting at the teacher's desk, wearing the fluffy pink cardigan of the night before and the black velvet bow on top of her head. Aurelia can't help but gag at the sight, Olivia sees the look on Aurelia's face and quietly snickers. The Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors are quiet as they enter the room, nobody knows just how strict of a disciplinarian Umbridge is likely to be. Umbridge seems to glare at Aurelia with the deepest loathing until she has taken her own seat at her desk, it's then that she looks away. Aurelia's got a bad feeling about this lesson; about Umbridge in general. "Well, good afternoon!" Umbridge says, when finally the whole class had sat down. A few people, including Aurelia, mumble "good afternoon" in reply. "Tut, tut," Umbridge scolds, "That won't do, now, will it? I should like you, please, to reply 'Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge'. One more time, please. Good afternoon, class!" "Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge." "There, now," Umbridge says sweetly, "That wasn't too difficult, was it? Wands away and quills out, please." Aurelia and Neville exchange gloomy looks; the order "wands away" had never yet been followed by a lesson they had found interesting. Aurelia tucked her wand behind her ear and pulled out a quill, bottle of ink, and parchment from her bag. Professor Umbridge opened her handbag, extracted her own wand, and tapped the blackboard sharply with it; words appeared on the board at once: Defence Against the Dark Arts a Return to Basic Principles "Well now, your teaching in this subject has been rather disrupted and fragmented, hasn't it?" Umbridge states, turning to face the class with her hands clasped neatly in front of her. "The constant changing of teachers, many of whom do not seem to have followed any Ministry approved curriculum, has unfortunately resulted in your being far below the standard we would expect to see in your OWL year." "You will be pleased to know, however, that these problems are now to be rectified. We will be following a carefully structured, theory-centered, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic this year. Copy down the following, please." She taps the blackboard again; the first message vanishes only to be replaced by: Course Aims: 1. Understanding the principles underlying defensive magic. 2. Learning to recognize situations in which defensive magic can legally be used. 3. Placing the use of defensive magic in a context for practical use. For a couple of minutes, the room was full of the sound of scratching quills on parchment. When everyone had copied down Professor Umbridge's three-course aims she asked, "Has everybody got a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?" There's a dull murmur of 'yes' throughout the class. "I think we'll try that again." Umbridge says, "When I ask you a question, I would like you to reply with: 'Yes, Professor Umbridge', or 'No, Professor Umbridge'. So, has everyone got a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?" "Yes, Professor Umbridge." rings through the room. "Good, I should like you to turn to page five and read 'Chapter One, Basics for Beginners'. There will be no need to talk." Leaving the blackboard, Umbridge settles herself in the chair behind the teacher's desk, observing them all closely with those pouchy toad's eyes. Aurelia never thought there would be a time she would want to punch a teacher in the face that's not Professor Snape, but considering the history of past teachers (minus Remus) that would probably be a bad idea. If Aurelia hadn't witnessed Voldemort return, her heart gives a little jolt at this thought, she would think that Umbridge had Voldemort's face on her left tit with how goddamned condescending and fake she was. Opening the book, Aurelia begins to skim through it, not paying any attention to what it's saying, instead she thinks of lyrics to Never Gonna Give You Up by Rick Astley, repeating it over and over again. Out of boredom, she looks up to see Hermione had not even opened her copy of Defensive Magical Theory, instead, she's staring fixedly at Umbridge with her hand in the air. She looks to Neville to see if he's seeing what she is, Hermione never, ever neglecting to read when instructed to. He had indeed noticed Hermione, sneaking in glances at her in between writing down what they were told to do. Aurelia looks at Hermione in surprise then looks to Umbridge, who either had not noticed Hermione's hand or is ignoring the fact it's high in the air; it's probably the latter. By the time Umbridge decides to notice her half the class had been looking at Hermione's raised hand. "Did you want to ask something about the chapter, dear?" Umbridge asks Hermione, as though she had only just noticed her, Aurelia represses at snort at Umbridge's tone of voice. "Not about the chapter, no." "Well, we're reading just now." Umbridge says, showing her small pointed teeth, "If you have other queries we can deal with them at the end of class." "I've got a query about your course aims." Hermione says, clearly insisting to speak now, Professor Umbridge raises her eyebrows. "And your name is?" "Hermione Granger" "Well, Miss Granger, I think the course aims are perfectly clear if you read them through carefully." Umbridge says in a voice of determined sweetness that made Aurelia want to choke. "Well, I don't," Hermione says bluntly, at this point Aurelia's silently cheering her on, "There's nothing written up there about using defensive spells." There's a short silence in which most of the class turns their heads to frown at the three-course aims still written on the blackboard, Aurelia now notices that this is indeed true, her frown deepens. "Using defensive spells?" Umbridge repeats with a little laugh. "Why, I can't imagine any situation arising in my classroom that would require you to use a defensive spell, Miss Granger. You surely aren't expecting to be attacked during class?" "Isn't this class called Defence against the Dark Arts? What exactly is the point of this class if it isn't meant to learn how to defend ourselves with magic?" Aurelia whispers to Neville, narrowing her eyes at Umbridge. "We're not going to use magic?" Ron exclaims loudly. "Students raise their hands when they wish to speak in my class, Mr. — ?" "Weasley." Ron says, thrusting his hand into the air. Professor Umbridge, smiling still more widely, turns her back on him. Harry and Hermione immediately raise their hands too. Professor Umbridge's pouchy eyes linger on Harry for a moment before she addresses Hermione "Yes, Miss Granger? You wanted to ask something else?" "Yes, surely the whole point of Defence Against the Dark Arts is to practice defensive spells?" "Exactly." Olivia whispers from behind Aurelia and Neville, however, Umbridge's not at all impressed with Hermione. "Are you a Ministry-trained educational expert, Miss Granger?" Professor Umbridge questions in her falsely sweet voice. "No, but —" "Well then, I'm afraid you are not qualified to decide what the 'whole point' of any class is. Wizards much older and cleverer than you have devised our new program of study. You will be learning about defensive spells in a secure, risk-free way —" "What use is that?" Harry asks loudly "If we're going to be attacked, it won't be in a —" "Hand, Mr. Potter!" Sings Umbridge, the urge to punch her in the throat grows stronger, Aurelia keeps her fist clenched at her sides. Harry thrusts his fist into the air. Again, Professor Umbridge promptly turns away from him, by now several other people had their hands up, including Aurelia. Aurelia breathes in deeply, she was literally attacked by two Death-Eaters last year, she doesn't need to learn anything in a risk-free way, she's already been through the risks, she needs to learn it properly. This stupid bitch! "And your name is?" Umbridge says to Dean. "Dean Thomas." "Well, Mr. Thomas?" "Well, it's like Harry said, isn't it?" Dean says,"If we're going to be attacked, it won't be risk-free." "I repeat," Umbridge says, smiling in a very irritating fashion at Dean, "do you expect to be attacked during my classes?" Yes, Aurelia thinks, last year the professor was a Death-Eater who put them under the Imperious Curse, which wasn't really too far off from being attacked. And then, of course, she actually was attacked by the professor but, to be fair, that didn't happen in a classroom. "No, but —" Professor Umbridge talks over him "I do not wish to criticize the way things have been run in this school, but you have been exposed to some very irresponsible wizards in this class, very irresponsible indeed — not to mention. . ." she lets out a nasty little laugh, "Extremely dangerous Half-breeds." Aurelia springs from her chair, her hair going bright red, the chair scrapes against the floor drawing Umbridge's attention to her. Aurelia lets out a snarl, cutting Dean off. How dare this woman talk about Remus Lupin — my dad! — that way! Her nails dig into the palms of her hands, angry tears, which she blinks away, well in her eyes, Aurelia snaps: "How dare you, you miserable, racist cunt." Olivia gasps in surprise, (everyone knows Aurelia to be a 'potty-mouth' but if there's was one word she's never used, it was the word 'cunt' but within the manner of twenty minutes this — this pink demon managed to push Aurelia over the edge) Neville's eyes bulged out of their sockets as he gawks at her. The room fell silent, the fake smile slips off Umbridge's face "Miss —" "Aurelia Black, as if you care what my name is!" Aurelia snarls, "How dare you talk about Professor Lupin like that, he was the best teacher we had, if you think you can do better than him then you're fucking wrong, absolute fuc —" "That's enough Miss. Black!" Umbridge says hotly, there's a moment of silence and Umbridge forces another unconvincing smile on her face as she adds in a much softer tone: "Come here, dear." Aurelia, through gritted teeth, stomps over to the new professor who pulls out a piece of pink parchment (no surprise there!) from her handbag and scribbles a note on it. Once she's done she hands it to Aurelia "Take this to Professor Sprout, dear." "Fine." Aurelia snarls, "And don't call me dear!" with that she stomps out of the classroom. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Professor Sprout's rather shocked when Aurelia comes knocking on her office door with a note for Professor Umbridge. Aurelia was never one to misbehave in class (with the exception of potions but Snape deserved it). Sprout goes to scold her for using such foul language but she stops when she notices Aurelia is crying. Aurelia is angrier than she had been in a long time, she wanted to rip Professor Umbridge's face off, if only she could stop herself from crying. "Why don't we come inside and discuss this over a nice, warm cup of tea." Aurelia doesn't exactly want a cup of tea but she finds herself agreeing anyway, it's much better than being scolded. It's silent until both cups of tea have been made. Sprout sits down in front of her "I have known you for almost five years now, and I'd like to think I know you fairly well, I know that you're the one who uses a lot of foul language but directed towards a teacher, why I never!" Sprout says, eyeing Aurelia with a incredulous expression. Aurelia doesn't speak, sniffling and took a sip of the tea. "What did she say?" Now it's Aurelia's turn to look at Professor Sprout with a surprised expression "Wait — what?" Professor Sprout takes a sip of her tea "Normally you don't react harshly unless provoked, so I am curious, what did she do?" There's a moment of silence then Aurelia took a deep breath "I was defending Professor Lupin... She called him — well, she called him a dangerous Half-breed." she says quietly, feeling terrible for having to repeat those words. Sprout's eyes widen "Oh, my! Well, I will have a word with Professor Umbridge about that. However, because of your choice of words you have detention every night for the next two weeks." Aurelia groans softly, perhaps she could've chosen better words to use, but she couldn't just let that pink demon bad mouth her dad. "You need to be careful with Professor Umbridge, Aurelia, she's from the ministry, she has more power than the previous teachers." Sprout says urgently "Who knows what kind of tricks she has up her sleeve." Aurelia takes another sip of her tea, wondering what the head of her house could've meant by that last part. "If she says anything like that again you come straight to me or any other teacher you feel comfortable reporting it too. Don't try to handle it on your own, do you understand?" Aurelia nods. "Good. Now, you're detention starts at five tomorrow be sure you remember to get there on time." Sprout says. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Since Harry had received detention shortly after Aurelia had and it took place at the same time as hers, the two decided to walk there together. No words They're both dreading it and they dared not speak as they drew closer and closer to the classroom. Although they weren't speaking at all on the walk there, things are quite awkward between them. There's a strange tension surrounding them and while they're both aware of it, neither of them did anything to diffuse it. Instead Aurelia thinks about how she was supposed to be telling Neville the truth behind the whole dating Abigale Montgomery thing. She should be in the Gryffindor Common Room telling him that he's got nothing to worry about, that she's only doing this to help Abigale win Pansy over (and make sure she doesn't expose her before Aurelia can expose herself), that she still very much has a huge bloody crush on him. And him alone. Okay, maybe she should leave her confession out this until she can tell him about her real mother because this might change how he feels about her. Aurelia's thoughts come to a halt as she does herself in front of the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom. Harry knocks on the door and from inside Umbridge calls in her overly sweet tone: "Come in." Aurelia's not at all surprised to find the room decorated entirely in pink. "Good evening, Mr. Potter, Miss. Black." "Good evening, Professor Umbridge." Aurelia and Harry reply stiffly, not daring to move any further than the doorway. "Well, sit down." Umbridge says, pointing towards two small tables draped in lace beside which she had drawn up two straight-backed chairs. Two pieces of blank parchment lay on the tables, apparently waiting for them, Aurelia goes to sit down Harry, however does not. "Er, Professor Umbridge. Er — before we start, I — I wanted to ask you a . . . A favor." Umbridge's bulging eyes narrow. "Oh, yes?" Oh no. "Well, I'm . . . I'm in the Gryffindor Quidditch team. And I was supposed to be at the tryouts for the new Keeper at five o'clock on Friday and I was — was wondering whether I could skip detention that night and do it — do it another night . . . Instead?" Aurelia wants to bash her head into the table, Harry's only making things worse for himself. She's the Quiddtich Captain for her team but even she knew better than to ask Umbridge such a question. Aurelia had arranged for Olivia, who Cedric would've picked next for the Quidditch Captain, and Zacharias Smith to handle them; she trusted their judgment when it came to Quidditch. "Oh, no," Umbridge says, smiling so widely that she looked as though she had just swallowed a particularly juicy fly. "Oh, no, no, no. This is your punishment for spreading evil, nasty, attention-seeking stories, Mr. Potter, and punishments certainly cannot be adjusted to suit the guilty one's convenience. No, you will come here at five o'clock tomorrow, and the next day, and on Friday too, and you will do your detentions as planned. I think it rather a good thing that you are missing something you really want to do. It ought to reinforce the lesson I am trying to teach you." With what looked like a great amount of effort, Harry looks away from her, drops his school bag beside the straight-backed chair and sits down. "There," Umbridge says sweetly, "we're getting better at controlling our temper already, aren't we? Now, you two are going to be doing some lines for me. No, not with your quills." she adds, as Harry and Aurelia went bend down to grab their quills from their bags. "You're going to be using a rather special one of mine. Here you are." She hands them two quills with very unusually sharp points, she looks at Harry "I want you to write 'I must not tell lies'." she tells him softly, then she looks at Aurelia "And you will write 'I must not swear'." "How many times?" Harry asks, with a creditable imitation of politeness, Aurelia would've applauded him if it weren't for the fact Professor Umbridge had actually thought he's truly being polite. Aurelia notices that the Umbridge had yet to give them ink. "Oh, as long as it takes for the message to sink in." Umbridge replies, "Off you go." Moving over to her desk, she sits down and bends over a stack of parchment that looks like essays for marking. Harry raises his sharp black quill, but pauses, obviously he's noticed they weren't given any ink as well. Something's right. "You haven't given us any ink," "Oh, you won't need ink." Umbridge says with the merest suggestion of a laugh in her voice. Grinding her teeth, Aurelia begins to write 'I must not swear' but stops as she feels a sharp pain in her hand, gasping loudly, she looks down at her right hand, engraved in it was 'I must not swear' and it was bleeding slightly but it quickly heals. She gave us black — or are they called blood quills — what does it matter — quills! What the fuck?! I thought they're illegal! "Is there a problem, Miss. Black?" "No, I just spelled a word wrong." Aurelia lies, glancing at Harry who's had a similar reaction to her. Be careful, Aurelia hears Professor Sprout's earlier warning in the back of her head but, when she hears Harry hiss out in pain again, Aurelia thinks, fuck that! And so, she begins aggressively writing out two words over and over again for what feels like hours. Her hand is bleeding and raw, with how aggressively she's writing the words are having a hard time healing — it's so painful, so painful but it's not the worst pain she's ever felt and she refuses to bow down to this pink demon. Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, the parchment is ripping as she writes out her lines. Finally, Professor Umbridge speaks, "Come here." Aurelia sits up and stomps over to Umbridge before Harry can even stand. The cut on her hand is beginning to finally heal but you can still make out the words from the dried blood around them. Umbridge could definitely tell what they are, her eyes bulged and she squeezes Aurelia's hand, eliciting a squeak of pain from Aurelia. Umbridge, the pink demon, glares at Aurelia with the deepest hatred and clenched jaw. "What?" Aurelia says through gritted teeth, trying to give Umbridge an innocent look, "Going to send me to Professor Sprout for saying another no-no word?" Umbridge narrows her beady eyes but, says nothing. "That's right, you won't do that. While the bloody ministry has probably given you permission to do this, I highly doubt the Hogwarts teachers have. Sure, Dumbledore's kind of a piece of shit but, he would never go this far. And, he'd never allow this to happen to, Potter!" "Tut, tut," Umbridge says scoldingly, "Unfortunately, it seems that you did not get the message, we'll try again tomorrow evening, you may go." She turned to leave as Harry stepped up to be inspected by the pink demon. Once she leaves the classroom, she begins to cry, her hand is throbbing in pain. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ By the third detention Aurelia still refuses to write the sentence Professor Umbridge had told her to. Instead, the words ''Fuck you" are scratched into the back of her hand, bleeding heavily and only half scabbed over. In the morning, after three torturous detentions, she had been woken up to Olivia shaking her roughly. "Wh — what's wrong?" Aurelia mumbles sleepily. "What the bloody hell is on your hand?!" Aurelia bolts upright in bed and hides her hands behind her back "There's nothing on the back of my hand!" "Bullshit!" Olivia says harshly, "The words 'fuck you' are carved into your hand, who the fuck did that to you?! Was it Umbridge?!" She nods slowly and Olivia lets out a frustrated scream, at this Aurelia glances around the dorm to see that Susan and Hannah aren't there. "I'm going to kill her — no — I'm going to burn her! It'll be like the Salem Witch Trials but there'll be an actual justifiable reason as to why I did it!" "Calm down, Liv, I'm fine, okay — Harry and I — we — we've got this covered." Olivia frowns but seeing the tears in Aurelia's eyes, she lowers her voice "Did you at least clean it?" Aurelia nods and Olivia shakes her head. "I can't believe a grown woman — our teacher — would carve the words 'fuck you' into your hand." "Well technically she wanted me to write 'I must not swear' but once I realized it was a blood quill I was like 'fuck you, you pink bitch.' and now I refuse to do what she tells me to." "You have to tell someone this is — it's illegal!" "No, Liv. I can't . . . I'd rather choke on — on — on a cantaloupe then see that triumphant look on her face that she gets when I cry! If I go and tell someone what she's doing only for them not to be able to do anything. Harry feels the same way. Besides she works for the ministry, for all we know they could've have her a right to do this!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia didn't want anyone else to know but fate seems to be against her more than ever today. Olivia had woken her up only thirty minutes before classes started and she didn't think to bandage her hand. Her robes were always a size too big for her but the long sleeves only got her so far. Neville had picked up something was wrong with Aurelia as soon as she walked into Herbology class. Her eyes are rimmed red, the bags under her eyes had gotten darker, her hair was its natural color, and it looked like she hadn't slept in days. Throughout the class, the he notices her right hand is bright red and looks to be splattered with dried blood. Although Neville couldn't get a good look at it as Aurelia had kept tugging her sleeves down. After class, he drags her to an empty corridor despite her meek protests "What's on your hand?" She shows him her left hand "Nothing." Neville shakes his head "No, no. I meant you're other hand." "There's nothing on my other hand." "Then let me see it!" Aurelia groans as she relents and shows him her marred hand, his eyes bulge in horror, reaching out to grab it; his soft hands are cold against her hand. "Did Professor — Professor Umbridge do — do this to you?" He wonders in a soft tone. She hesitates before she nods "Aye, she's making Harry and I use blood quills. She wants me to write 'I must not swear' but I'm refusing, I'm not gonna listen to her after what she said about my —" she stops as a feeling that a million needles are being stabbed into her skin takes over her throat, "— Remus." Neville examines her hand, feeling absolutely livid, he tries to remain calm but, he's trembling with rage and even Aurelia can feel it "I'm — I — I guess neither you nor Harry want to tell another professor about this?" "Aye, Plant Boy, you got it." Aurelia nods, trying to give him a small smile. "You have detention again tonight?" Neville questions to which she nods, "Don't write anything. Don't touch that quill. This — this isn't right!" She wants to argue and she was going to but before she's got the chance, she's interrupted. "There you two are!" A voice calls out. Neville's concerned expression turns to one of complete disinterest and he lets go of Aurelia's hand instantly. "I've been looking everywhere for you, of course, you're with ickle Longbottom, why aren't you at lunch — oh it's about your hand, isn't it?" it's Abigale. Someone neither Aurelia or Neville wanted to be bothered by. Abigale's made many attempts to take to talk to Aurelia but she ignores them all. She had meant it when she said the bare minimum she would do was say yes if anyone asked if they were dating. Aurelia's done just that so why does Abigale keep bothering her. "Saw all about it from Harry, nasty things blood quills are." Abigale muses, "Here, I snatched some cream from Madam Pomfrey — why so tense Neville?" she adds, giving him a teasing smile. It's then that Aurelia remembers that she's yet to tell Neville that her and Abigale aren't really dating, she keeps getting distracted by, well, everything. It's like everything is slipping out of her control and she hates it. She's drowing, she can't do anything, she's losing it. Aurelia swallows thickly, catching the jar of cream Abigale throws at her. "Oh, by the way, I told Pansy that you and I were going on a date during the first trip to Hogsmeade, so do me a favour and try not to let her catch you during the trip. We've got, like, an act to keep up. And, I —" Abigale pauses her expression going blank, her eyes get glossy then abruptly she turns on her heel and leaves. "An act?" Neville questions. "Oh." Aurelia blinks, pushing Abigale's strange behaviour to the back of her mind, "Well, you see, it's kind of a funny story! Ha, we're not actually dating . . ." Friday comes around more quickly than she had thought it would, it's Harry's last detention and Aurelia still has another week left and she couldn't take it anymore. Neville had told her not to write anything, to not even touch the quill and she had tried that but Umbridge had threatened to use the Crutiatus Curse on her. Of course, the pink demon didn't openly threaten it, it was subtle but years of her father 'fake' threatening the same thing, she had learned to read between the lines. After first she had continued to write 'fuck you' but halfway through it she broke, a loud sob had escaped her lips as she had began to write 'I must not swear' and Professor Umbridge had never looked more pleased. It went on for hours after Harry had been let go, the pain of the blood quill was worse than the previous nights. Maybe it might've hurt less if she wasn't writing it so aggressively but she couldn't control the anger she felt for the pink demon sitting before her. "Okay, Miss. Black, come here." Umbridge examines Aurelia's hand with a triumphant smile before letting her go. Of course, Aurelia's not off the hook, she's got to return Sunday in hopes of the message finally sinking in. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia doesn't want to go back to the Hufflepuff common room right away so she huddles herself into an empty corridor, and cries — Merlin, aren't you pathetic! She isn't out there long when she hears someone round the corner, clamping a hand over her mouth to keep herself quiet, Aurelia prays that person won't notice her. The corridor is dark and it's highly unlikely that the person will actually notice her but, like this morning, it seems that fate is working against her. "Lumos." calls out a familiar voice. A voice which makes Aurelia want to gouge her eyes out. "It's late, what are you doing out here?" Pansy questions but, Aurelia doesn't respond, she's afraid she'll turn into a blubbering mess if she did. "Your hand is bleeding." Pansy states after a minute of silence, this is followed by the sound of fabric rustling. Aurelia grows tense and she prepares herself for an insult. Pansy kneels down in front of her, grabbing Aurelia's hand and uses a green handkerchief to wipe away the blood "I must not swear." she mutters then snorts. "You not swearing is like Snape laughing." Pansy jokes, it's foreign to hear her joke about something that's not rude or offensive; she wraps the green piece of fabric around Aurelia's hand. The year so far had been dreadful and pretty odd. Umbridge was out to get her, Aurelia doesn't think Umbridge is trying to kill her just yet but, it's clear to Aurelia that she's trying to break her mentally. Sadly, Aurelia thinks it's working, she's trying her best not to bend to Umbridge's will but, it's so tiring. Abigale Montgomery somehow knows everything about Aurelia's past and is trying to use it against her to get the girl of her dreams. And now, Pansy Parkinson is being nice to her. "Why are you being so nice to me?" Pansy looks at her with a similar look Neville gives Abigale. In that moment Aurelia realises what the look is — a look a jealousy. "I suppose I should be nice since you're dating my best friend." Pansy says dryly before giving Aurelia a small grin, "Plus we used to be friends at one time." Looking down at Aurelia's wrapped hand, Pansy says: "That should be good for now but when you get back to your dorm make sure you clean it. Also, don't tell anyone about this, I've got a reputation to uphold." Aurelia lets out a watery laugh "You got it." With a heavy sigh, Pansy stands up. "Thanks, Pans, you're the best." Aurelia says, half sarcastically, half genuinely. Pansy smirks, "I know, Lia." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Fun fact: Abigale + Aurelia fake dating was in the OG version of Make Them Gold (Noelle\Goyle only appeared in the rewrite) and since the fake dating thing is such a big part of act two, I couldn't give it up while rewriting it. However, it be a lot different than the original because of past events and my (hopefully) improved writing! That being said, say hello to Abigale Montgomery who has returned and is here to stay! Thanks for reading I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter! word count: 7332
THE PURPLE GLOW THAT RADIATES FROM THE cut on her hand startles her. She remembers the purple glow from the graveyard and she freezes, her heart beginning to pound in her chest. She knows that the glow is part of her Donum Vitae — according to the book on Blood Magic, most Blood Magic gives off a purple glow. So why does it startle her so, more importantly, why is it glowing now? It shouldn't be doing that as far as Aurelia knows, as far as the books know. But, maybe that's wrong, maybe there's a reason for it to glow now. Neither of her previous detention had it glowed and Aurelia's nervous and a bit confused because she doesn't know why it's doing it now. She looks away from the faint glow and tries to focus on the sentence she's writing, deciding that she'll try to figure it out later. This is her last detention and she wants it to stay that way. Even though she hates the fact she's complying to Umbridge's orders. Aurelia wants to fight back more than anything but, she hates this Blood Quill thing the tiniest bit more and she just wants it to be done and over with, so she pretends. She acts polite, she writes 'I must not swear' as calmly and quickly as possible all while thinking about beating the shit out of Umbridge. At least she was able to get a little fight in, she hadn't completely snapped yet. Aurelia hadn't lost all her hope and gone completely off the deep end. Aurelia knows that she's close to losing her shit, she's pretty sure everything she's got is being held up by a thread that's slowly starting to fray and this whole situation with Umbridge and the fact that a good chunk of her housemates think she killed Cedric, isn't helping. But, sweet Merlin, she's not going to allow this woman, this toad-like vermin be the reason that she goes insane. If she's going to go insane like her mother did, go absolutely bonkers, bat-shit crazy, then it's going to be for a good reason like the fact that her housemates, her school family, thinks she murdered her fellow housemate, her best friend, her practical brother. A good reason for anyone to go insane, really; much better than going insane because she stood up to an overgrown toad for being a racist bigot. 'Fuck you' will be forever carved into her hand like 'I must not must swear' it's the price Aurelia pays for scarring so easily, she'll forever be reminded on this wretched pink demon but, at least she'll also have the reminder that she fought back. Aurelia continues to act like an obedient dog, trying her best not to get distracted by her thoughts. She needs to do her best this detention so Umbridge will let her go. Except that seems to be too much to ask of Umbridge. An hour or so into the detention Umbridge calls her up to her desk to inspect her wound. Umbridge squeezes Aurelia's hand a little too tight for comfort and gives a disappointed sound. "I'm afraid that the message hasn't quite sunk in." A cold chill runs down Aurelia's spine at the thought of having to do more lines with the Blood Quill and then the chill suddenly turns to anger because she's been good. She shouldn't even have detention this long for standing up for her father, it's not fair. It becomes red hot anger, Aurelia says lowly: "What do you mean?" Umbridge smiles too sweetly, repeating herself in a slower tone as though she thinks Aurelia is stupid. "But, I — I was good." Aurelia says softly, trying to pull her hand from Umbridge's grip but she only holds it tighter. Umbridge laughs lightly "Oh, no, no, no, Miss. Aurelia Black, good behaviour will not get you out of this detention. You must learn, truly learn, this lesson the hard way, it's the only way to get through to your type. It is very important that a Half-breed such as yourself learns to be polite and well-mannered." "What did you just call me?" Aurelia says, eyes narrowing and a fiery feeling consumes her. Fuck staying calm! Aurelia thinks, she will not allow this pink demon to speak so lowly of her and certainly not after she spoke so lowly of Remus. Aurelia wants Umbridge to pay for what she's said, what she's put her through, even Harry. She wants nothing more than for Umbridge to feel the way she does. "I called you what you are." Umbridge says, smiling nastily. Aurelia blinks again, suddenly feeling as though everything is happening very far away as Umbridge's nasty smile turns into a grimace of pain. Umbridge's scream as she stumbles away from Aurelia even sounds far away. A flash of purple causes Aurelia to blink again, her anger, her need to make Umbridge pay fades into numbness as she suddenly feels very heavy, stifled, and tired. Umbridge clutches her hand which is now bleeding and burnt and Aurelia wonders if she did that. She quickly shakes her head, deciding that 'no' she can't have done that. It must be a dream, Aurelia feels funny enough for it to be a dream. She wouldn't have actually hurt Umbridge; not physically anyway. She may have thought about, even went into graphic detail but she'd never act upon because that would make her just like Bellatrix and that's the last she wanted. It has to be a dream, that's why she feels all funny, like she's wrapped in those thick green curtains from Malfoy manor. That's why it doesn't feel like she's really touching the ground, that's why everything sounds so muffled; it's just a bloody dream. Any moment now the real Umbridge is going to rudely wake her up and give her another detention for falling asleep during this one. But, that doesn't happen. Umbridge just continues to stare at Aurelia, her pain turning into rage slowly but surely and Aurelia keeps staring at Umbridge trying to distinguish which one is which because suddenly her vision has gotten violently blurry. Aurelia's vaguely aware of the fact she's not feeling all that great and that firey feeling that had consumed her had reached a fever pitch but she can't bring herself to care because it all feels so far away — a dream, it must be a dream. It doesn't feel real so why should she care about it right now. Umbridge glares so fiercely that Aurelia cowers under it, she tries to apologise but she stammers over her words; they feel like molasses on her tongue. Fear pierces her heart as Umbridge raises her wand and Aurelia's got a horrible feeling that maybe this might not be a dream. She struggles to get an apology out, she hadn't meant to hurt Umbridge. "It seems that my previous method has not worked on you." Umbridge says, her voice sounds funny; almost as though it's being muffled by something. Aurelia blinks repeatedly as she hopes and prays that this is a dream. But, why isn't she waking up? Now would be a good time to wake up because it doesn't seem like this is going in a good direction. She swallows thickly, stepping away from Umbridge and almost falls because her legs are shaking so badly and the floor is moving violently beneath her feet; it's so confusing. She feels so tired and sick and then all too suddenly everything freezes. It's like someone's controlling her as she rises to her full height, towering over Umbridge. Words tumble from Aurelia's mouth, words that she can't hear, she's got no idea what she's saying and she's got no control over it either. Whatever she says causes Umbridge to go pale as though she's seen a ghost and without a word, she fires a curse at Aurelia. The red light is blinding but familiar. It strikes her in the stomach and someone's screaming, there's pain — horrible pain that sends Aurelia crumpling to the floor. "Stop!" Someone screeches and Umbridge does. Aurelia wonders how long she had been under the curse, she couldn't tell but it felt like it had been a long time. Her limbs are heavy, her head feels even blurrier, and her stomach is cramping up. Umbridge says something but it doesn't register in Aurelia's cloudy mind, she's suddenly too tired to care about anything, she doesn't care that she's at Umbridge's mercy, so Aurelia closes her eyes. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Why are we here?" Aurelia asks, her voice sounds annoyingly squeaky for some reason. She's freezing and her surroundings and noisy and damp and a bit familiar. She keeps her eyes on her ruby slippers, the ones she had begged her uncle for them when she was about six; she thought they were very shiny. Then she looks up at the person walking next to her, it happens to be Lucius Malfoy, himself, and he's a lot taller than she remembers him being "Daddy?" she asks, "Why isn't mummy and Draco with us?" Lucius looks down upon her with a surprising soft expression on his pale face "Because little one, your . . . Your aunt is very sick and she might not survive much longer and she asked to see you one last time before she goes." Aurelia's nose scrunches up as she frown, she knew her aunt was apparently a bad person so she feels a bit scared and confused as to why she wants to see her "But — but, why just me?" Lucius draws in a deep breath and for a moment Aurelia thinks she's angered him, she flinches and looks back down at her shoes. "Because she loves you best, little one." Lucius says softly. Aurelia cannot properly remember a time where Lucius was ever this nice to her, her stomach ties itself into knots, something very serious must be happening. It becomes quite silent as a dark figure leans them into a dimly lit chamber, when the door slams shut behind her Aurelia notices that Lucius is no longer behind her and neither is that dark figure; she's all alone in this creepy chamber. Then Bellatrix emerges from the shadows and Aurelia's breath catches in her throat, she freezes in fear at the mere sight of her — her aunt — no! — her mother. Bellatrix slowly approaches her and Aurelia wants to run but her feet are glued to the floor, she shakes her head fervently as Bellatrix reaches out to grab her. There's a gentle look on Bellatrix's face as her cold, skeletal hands cup Aurelia's cheeks. Her panic subsides for only a moment, Bellatrix strokes Aurelia's rosy, baby cheeks with a bony finger and it's nice, almost tender; it doesn't last. All too quickly Bellatrix's hands are wrapped around her throat, Aurelia didn't even blink, Bellatrix hadn't moved an inch, her hands were just suddenly around her throat, squeezing tightly. A strangled cry escapes Aurelia's lips as Bellatrix starts to laugh. Aurelia tries to free herself from Bellatrix but each time Aurelia claws at her hands, her grasp tightens. She begs Bellatrix to let her go of her but all Bellatrix does is laugh until Aurelia's vision starts to fade. The laughter continues but it because light, more playful. Then she hears through fits of the laughter, Abigale saying: "Have you not, like, seen a nose piercing before, Longbottom?" "Shut up." Aurelia hears Neville grumble, "Stop laughing, you're going to wake her up." Abigale snickers "As if, Longbottom, you trying to rub off her nose piercing is far more annoying than my laughter." "Sod off." Aurelia rolls over, grumbling: "Both of you, sod off." Abigale laughs louder while Neville calls for Madam Pomfrey. Aurelia opens her eyes, she's in the Hospital Wing, only she's got no idea how she got there. "Good morning, dear." Madam Pomfrey says briskly, pressing a hand to Aurelia's forhead, while holding a potion in the other, "Mm, you're still warm. But, you've cooled off considerably. When you came in you had the highest fever I've ever encountered." Aurelia frowns, shivering as she realises that the sheets around her are freezing cold — a charm of some kind must've been placed on them. She sits up and wipes her eyes "What happened?" Pomfrey purses her lips "Umbridge brought you in, unconscious and with a terrible nosebleed, claiming that you had a fit of some kind in her detention. Even said you had talked in a different voice before passing out." she doesn't sound like she believes the story Umbridge had told her. A snort escapes Aurelia's mouth, of course, Umbridge had left out the part where she used the Cruciatus Curse on her. "Do you remember it happening in a different way?" Pomfrey implores, handing over the potion to Aurelia, telling her to drink up. "No, ma'am." Aurelia says, she doesn't think telling Pomfrey the truth will do much good. Perhaps the Ministry had given Umbridge permission to use it, it's not like they've never done something like that before — the first Wizarding War they had given Aurors permission to use it. And she reckons Dumbledore wouldn't do anything about it considering Umbridge had only used it on her. "I don't really remember much." Aurelia says, "It's probably true knowing my luck. Of course, I pass out during a detention — did you say I talked in another voice, who's? Did she say?" Pomfrey frowns "Oh, well, no. Umbridge didn't say, all she said that it wasn't your voice." "Reckon she didn't say what I said?" Pomfrey shakes her head which earns a frown from Aurelia as she chugs down the potion. She can't recall what she had said she just remembers words that she couldn't hear coming from her mouth that had sent Umbridge over the edge. "Oh, well, alright," Aurelia pauses, "Well, how long was I out" "Not long, perhaps about twelves hours." Pomfrey answers, "You woke up just in time for Monday classes, if you're feeling well enough." "I'm feeling fine." Aurelia answers honestly, she feels more well-rested than she has in months. Although her head did hurt a little bit and her nose was a little stuffy. Madam Pomfrey seems to believe her because a few minutes later she lets her go. Aurelia heads down to the Great Hall with Neville and Abigale at her heels. Abigale doesn't say anything right away but Neville sure does, he throws questions at her in a rapid fire, asking her what really happened, how she was doing, did Umbridge make her write with that Blood Quill again — they all float over her head. Her brain doesn't process them as she slowly walks down the hall feeling as though she's floating. Her brain is replaying what happened in that classroom, the more she thinks about it the more it feels like it didn't happen. Aurelia still can't figure what she had said to Umbridge, she can't remember the pain of the Cruciatus Curse, she can't remember opening her mouth to scream but she knows that someone was screaming. It still feels like a dream to her. Realising that Aurelia isn't listening, Neville pauses and glances at Abigale who gives him a knowing smile. Maybe she's got the answers to what really happend; Abigale seems to know more about this situation than even Madam Pomfrey herself. She knew that Aurelia was in the Hospital Wing before Neville even knew himself, she knew why Aurelia was there, and she even seemed to know what was on Neville's mind this morning when Abigale had approached him — it, unfortunately, had been nothing good. It was creepy but he reckons it could be useful if she could use it to help him figure out what's wrong with Aurelia. Abigale speaks lowly, eyes glossed over "She's thinking about what she said, or rather didn't say, to Umbridge." "Do you know what I said?" Aurelia says sharply, looking determinedly at Abigale, scowling as well. She's got no patience for Abigale's cryptic antics today. "Possession sucks, doesn't it?" Abigale says, smiling brightly. "What?" Aurelia asks, narrowing her eyes in both confusion and suspicion. "What?" Neville echoes as he looks at Aurelia, wondering if he had heard Abigale right. "Umbridge is High Inquisitor now." Abigale adds quickly. Aurelia stops moving, she's not sure what that is or what it means but it doesn't sound good. She blinks, licks her lips then asks what it is. Abigale explains it to her and Aurelia decides at once she doesn't like it one bit, she grinds her teeth. Umbridge shouldn't have this kind of power, she's going to destroy Hogwarts, shes' going to make everyone's lives hell. Aurelia's not going to let that happen, she decides, she's not going to let Umbridge break her, or anyone for that matter, she's going to fight back from now on. Blood quill or not, she doesn't care anymore, Aurelia's not going to let Umbridge drag her or anyone down; she doesn't give a damn about the consequences anymore. Abigale grins at the look on Aurelia's face. Neville looks between the two girls, a look of giddiness on Abigale's face and a look of determination on Aurelia's face, Neville feels a bit left out, as though the two of them were sharing a mental conversation he's not part of. Clapping Aurelia on the back, Abigale says: "Give her hell, kid." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ History of Magic is thankfully Umbridge-free. Although, she's still quite on edge with the prospect of Umbridge just showing up to inspect any of her classes, Aurelia rather not to spend anymore classes with Umbridge than she already has too. Plus, she'd hate to start a fight in front of her favourite Professor. In fact, none of the classes Aurelia has that day are inspected by Umbridge. She only has to see Umbridge when Defence Against the Dark Arts rolls around. But, Aurelia, hand in hand with Neville, arrives early. Umbridge has yet to arrive. "Maybe we got lucky." Aurelia says in a whisper, "Maybe she fell down those bloody stairs." Neville tries to repress a smile at Aurelia's violent but it's hard to do so when he kind of hopes her statement is true; with everything Umbridge has done to Aurelia, she deserves it. Entering the classroom, it doesn't take long for Aurelia to notice that everyone's attention is on a Brunette Gryffindor who's sitting at the front of class, trying to ignore everyone. Aurelia felt bad for her at once, remembering the stares from last year after being picked from the goblet, she shudders. Still, out of curiosity, she asks Neville: "What's going on?" "Oh," Neville glances at the brunette, "That's Umbridge's daughter or something. I heard the Weasley twins talking about her the other day." "And now everyone is staring at the weird girl as if she's more shocking to see than the actual murderer that we have in our class." Seamus buts in, he's sitting a few seats behind Aurelia and Neville alongside Dean. Neville snaps his head back to glare at Seamus "Sod off." Aurelia frowns at the glare Seamus is giving her, had he just called her a murderer? Did he really believe she murdered Cedric? Her heart hammers in her chest, he can't bloody believe that. She may not be the best person but she'd never murder someone — she'd never murder Cedric. Neville grabs ahold of her head, she looks down at the sun-kissed hand over herself, she chews on her lower lip and tries to focus on the little freckles dotting Neville's hand. Her friend thought she murdered Cedric Diggory. He wouldn't be the first — Nat would, she hasn't spoken to Aurelia nor Olivia at all this term. And, of course, half her house seemed to believe it as well. But, Seamus was the first to say it to her face. And, it hurt, a lot. "He'll come around eventually." Neville says reassuringly, "He's just being a . . . A git right now." Aurelia itches to pick at the scab on her hand, anything to distract from the hurt in her chest, but she can't because Neville's holding that hand in his own. She doesn't respond, not that she'd get to because Umbridge comes into the classroom seconds later and soon after the rest of the class files in. "Wands away!" Umbridge instructs, "As we finished Chapter One last lesson, I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence 'Chapter Two, Common Defensive Theories and their Derivation'. There will be no need to talk." Umbridge instructs, still smiling her wide, self-satisfied smile as she sits down at her desk. The class gives an audible sigh as it turns, as one, to page nineteen. Aurelia's pissed, she doesn't want to spend the year just reading stuff, she needs to learn how to defend herself. She's got learn how to defend herself from Gwendoline Goyle without freezing up and reading and practicing theories isn't going to help her much. Hermione, much like she did the first class, doesn't start reading. Instead she puts her hand in the air and waits for Umbridge to notice her. Professor Umbridge notices it quickly this time, getting to her feet and walks around the front row of desks until they're face to face, then she bends down and whispers: "What is it this time, Miss Granger?" "I've already read Chapter Two." Hermione says. Not surprising, Aurelia thinks, rolling her eyes and smirking. "Well then, proceed to Chapter Three." "I've read that too. I've read the whole book." Professor Umbridge blinks "Well, then, you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard says about counter-jinxes in Chapter Fifteen." "He says that counter-jinxes are improperly named." Hermione says promptly. "He says — 'jinx' is just a name people give their jinxes when they want to make them sound more acceptable." Professor Umbridge raises her eyebrows, unwillingly impressed by Hermione's answer. "But I disagree," Hermione continues. Professor Umbridge's eyebrows rise a little higher and her gaze becomes distinctly colder. "You disagree?" "Yes, I do," Hermione says, who, unlike Umbridge, isn't whispering, but speaking in a clear, carrying voice that had by now attracted the attention of the rest of the class, "Mr. Slinkhard doesn't like jinxes, does he? But, I think they can be very useful when they're used defensively." "Oh, you do, do you? Well, I'm afraid it is Mr. Slinkhard's opinion, and not yours, that matters within this classroom, Miss Granger." "But —" Hermione begins. Aurelia shoots her hand in the air and doesn't wait for Umbridge to call on her "All opinions should matter in classroom, I believe, especially when the opinion isn't harmful and holds educational value to them. All students' opinions should matter when they're trying to learn —" "That is enough," Umbridge snaps, Miss. Black, Miss Granger, I am going to take five points from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff house." There's an outbreak of muttering at this. "What for?" Harry says angrily. "Don't you get involved!" Hermione whispers urgently to him. "For disrupting my class with pointless interruptions," Umbridge says smoothly, "I am here to teach you using a Ministry-approved method that does not include inviting students to give their opinions on matters about which they understand very little. Your previous teachers in this subject may have allowed you more license, but as none of them — with the possible exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have restricted himself to age appropriate subjects — would have passed a Ministry inspection —" "Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher," Harry says loudly, "there was just that minor drawback of him having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of his head." Aurelia doesn't mean to but she laughs, and she laughs loudly. It echoes through out the extremely silent classroom. She shuts up, repressing her laughter to little snorts when Umbridge gives her a look. "I think another week's detentions would do you some good, Mr. Potter." Umbridge says sleekly, "As for you, Miss. Black, twenty points from Hufflepuff." Aurelia doesn't complain, it's far better than Detention. There's no point to fight back in this moment, especially when nothing she can says in this moment with top what Harry just said. The rest of the class is rather silent, staying filled with tension until its' end. When the bell rings, Aurelia gets to her feet and sweeps out the class, Neville trailing behind. In front of her is Hermione and she's thinking very had. It comes in like static, Aurelia only hears bits and pieces — it's horrible — we're learning absolutely nothing — do something about this! Aurelia blinks and looks away but she can't help the grin growing on her face. Hermione's thinking about fighting back. Now this is something Aurelia can get on board with. Aurelia hadn't meant to hear what Hermione had been thinking but this time around she's not ashamed of accidentally catching wind of someone's thoughts. If she could she would've looked further because what Hermione's starting to plan sounds like it's going to be great, just what she needs to learn how to defend herself. Aurelia looks over at Hermione as casually as possible, trying to repress a sly grin as she says: "You know, Hermione, I was thinking, Umbridge's tatics are bullshit. We should do something about it." Hermione's eyes light up, completely unaware that Aurelia caught a glimpse into her thoughts "I was thinking of something along those lines as well . . ." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Umbridge is going to get her ass kicked by Aurelia in so many ways, most in a verbal way! I know I'm not subtle, like at all but what do you think Abigale is hiding, or mayhaps, trying to tell Aurelia? Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, please let me know what you thought of it! word count: 4741 ━━ REVIEWS: GUEST. "Very good again. Well done. Abigale seems not so abrasive as before which is nice. Very much looking forward to see how this re-write goes from here.": Thank you, I'm glad you thought so! Abigale isn't as abrasive in this mostly because if she had been the way she had in the original because she knows it would get her punched in the face, Aurelia from this one would not tolerate Abigale from the old one. She's still abrasive at points, which you'll see in upcoming chapters, however she's also got a a whole lot of awkward piled on her now. While rewriting I realised that it would make a lot more sense to Abigale's plot if I made her awkward. So her awkward tendencies will often clash with her abrasiveness. So far that has been fun to write! I hope you continue to enjoy the rewrite! Thank you for leaving a review, I hope you like this chapter!
IT'S ONLY A SMALL PLAN BUT IT'S enough to get her bloody pumping. Aurelia thinks it's a brilliant plan that should be put into action immediately but Hermione thinks that they need to put more thought into it and above all else — tell Harry bloody Potter. Hermione thinks that Harry should be leader but she's unsure that Harry would agree to such a thing. "What about me." Aurelia says. Hermione hesitates and Aurelia narrows her eyes "Or are you forgetting that I was there too. I didn't fight Voldemort but I fought Goyle, Gwendoline fucking Goyle and I'm sure you know how skilled that bitch is when it comes to duelling. Despite her shite aim, she can take you the fuck out easily. And I survived her twice. Look, we don't need Potter. We could do this together. You, Neville, Ron, and I." "Well —" "Between the two of us, we know tons of useful spells. We could create an army! I could teach them instead of Harry." Still, Hermione hesitates "Well, I'm sure you'd be a good teacher but it's just Harry is the boy —" "Is the Boy-Who-Lived? And I'm what? Only just a murder's daughter. Technically, as far as everyone is concerned — a murderer herself?!" Aurelia says, feeling very angry and she can feel her eyes start to burn; she's going to cry. Hermione frowns, hoping that Aurelia doesn't actually cry which is a lot for Hermione to hope for. Aurelia's expression, save for her eyes which get very glossy, goes cold. "Oh, I see. Who wants to listen to a murderer, who would listen to a no good, filthy black." "I — that's not what I —" "It's exactly what you meant." Aurelia says bluntly, "And, you're right who would listen to — to — to me." "I would." Neville says, despite not hearing a single word of their previous conversation. He looks between the two girls, curious as to what they had been discussing. Hermione looks to be a bit flustered and annoyed, Aurelia looks indifferent but her eyes hold sadness and a hint of betrayal; Neville looks at Hermione quizzically. Aurelia had looked so excited going into the conversation not even five minutes ago, Neville wonders what Hermione had said to upset Aurelia this quickly. "Talk to Saint Potter then," Aurelia says briskly, "Let him be your precious leader then." Hermione cringes, giving Aurelia an apologetic look but Aurelia just gives her a cold star before walks away from her. Neville gives Hermione one last glance, she looks a little confused now, then he follows after Aurelia. "Hey, Ari!" Neville calls, chasing after her, "Hey!" "What?" Aurelia snaps, wheeling around on him. She grinds her teeth and her red-rimmed eyes narrow, "What do you want?" Neville blinks, completely taken aback by her harsh tone. He swallows thickly, momentarily forgetting what he was going to say, too surprised by the fact she had yelled at him. It's not like her to do that. "I — well, I was wondering if you wanted to, uh, hang out after class . . . In — in my common room?" Aurelia blinks, fixing the strap of her bag that had been digging into her shoulder "Oh, I — I guess . . . Aye, sure . . . We — we can do that." Neville beams "Okay — okay, that sounds great! I'll see you at lunch then?" "Aye, alright . . . And, Neville, I — I'm sorry I yelled at you, I —" "It's alright." Neville says dismissively, "You're just having a bad day, you didn't mean it." "It's not alright, I shouldn't have yelled at you like that." Aurelia says frowning. "We should get to our classes." Neville says then quickly pecks Aurelia's cheek, "I'll see you at lunch!" "I'll see you at lunch." Aurelia echoes quietly, fingers grazing over the spot on her cheek Neville had just kissed. Her heart races and an odd, dreamy sigh escapes her lips. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Neville doesn't see Aurelia at lunch, no one does, and that's because she spends it locked up in a bathroom stall puking her guts out. Aurelia's not sure why, she had been feeling fine all morning then just mere seconds after lunch had begun she had been hit with a strong wave of nausea. Instead of making her way down to the Great Hall, she had made her way to the nearest bathroom where she had remained for the rest of her lunch. The sickness had only lasted ten minutes at the most and by the time lunch was over, Aurelia had been feeling as right as rain. She's completely fine for the rest of the day right up until she has to go see Lyra. She doesn't want to go see Lyra but Lyra would hunt her down and force that potion down her throat without a second thought. It's much easier for Aurelia to just willingly take it. So, begrudgingly, Aurelia finds herself in Lyra's office the potion that Abigale had called 'Cat's Tongue' is forced shoved into Aurelia's hands. "Drink it." Lyra says snappily. Aurelia slowly brings the goblet to her lips, preparing herself for the burn when she feels a pressure in her head. Lyra is inside her mind, Aurelia wants to push her out but she's not very good at Occlumency and even if she was she doubts she'd be able to push Lyra out even then. "Going to see your precious boy-toy? Are you, Juliet?" Lyra says tauntingly. Due to the fact that Aurelia is looking at the floor, she's got no clue if Lyra asked that out loud or if she had asked the question in her head. Either way, Aurelia scowls; a scowl that quickly turns into a frown as intrusive thoughts begin to fill her head. Aurelia lowers the goblet, clutching it to her chest as she sees Cedric's dead body flash in her mind, Goyle's taunting smile, Voldemort, and memories Aurelia hadn't thought of in years. Gritting her teeth, Aurelia tells Lyra to get out of her head. "Make me." Lyra says, getting closer and closer to some of Aurelia's worst memories. She sees the forest, she hears the crunch of the leaves, and Aurelia starts to cry. She sees the full moon bright in the sky, she begs Lyra not to go there and surprisingly Lyra doesn't. Instead Lyra digs further into her mind. Aurelia hadn't quite ever been able to recall the memory surrounding this feeling that blooms in her chest as Lyra digs into a very, very early memory in her life. The feeling of warmth takes over her, she feels safe as she hears that familiar tune the only thing grounding her is Lyra who is smirking, the look in her eye unnerves Aurelia enough not to get too caught up in the memory. The familiar tune comes from none other than Bellatrix Lestrange, who is holding her, smiling down at Aurelia softly; Aurelia must be very young in this memory. "Stop." Aurelia says meekly, her hear hammering in her chest, the warm feeling quickly dissipating. But, Lyra isn't so kind this time. Instead she drags the memory to the top of Aurelia's head, making it the centre of Aurelia's focus and making her recall the memory that Aurelia shouldn't have ever been able to recall. Not this clearly anyway; it was almost as if the memory was taking place this very second. Bellatrix is spinning Aurelia around the room slowly, trying to soothe her to sleep, probably. Through her vision she can see big windows and pale yellow walls swirling together. Her vision is very blurry, Aurelia's not sure if it's because she had been half asleep at the time or because the memory was so old. Bellatrix is singing to her, Aurelia feels warm and safe, her eyelids feel heavy and she's struggling to keep them open. She feels determined to keep them open, something in her is telling her to treasure this moment. "Do you see that?" Lyra says tauntingly, it's all Aurelia can see. Everything around her is a blur, the only thing she can see clearly is the memory Lyra had resurfaced. Aurelia pulls at her hair "Stop, please." Aurelia coos at Bellatrix who kisses her forehead, saying: "I know I'm gone a lot my little moon —" A giggle fills the room at the word 'moon' and Aurelia feels oddly giddy and entertained. Apparently her baby self really liked the word moon. Man, Aurelia thinks, I would've lost my shit over cows — "But, I try my best to make time for you." Bellatrix says, kissing Aurelia's tummy which elicits another giggle from Aurelia. Bellatrix goes back to singing and it takes Aurelia a moment to realise she knows this song. It's Slipping Through My Fingers. It's an Abba song. The Bellatrix Lestrange is singing a fucking Abba song. Aurelia pulls at her hair so hard she pulls chunks of it out. She crumples to the floor, trying to put as much space as she can in between her and Lyra. Anything to break Lyra's hold on her mind but Lyra's way too good at what she does. "Please, Lyra, please st — st — stop it!" Aurelia sobs. Bellatrix continues to sing, she doesn't know all the words but she definitely knows the tune which leads Aurelia to believe this isn't the first time she's sung it for her. It must be some time around nineteen-eighty or nineteen-eighty-one, Aurelia's not sure exactly when that song came out but it was somewhere around that time. "Mama." Aurelia says sleepily, reaching up her chubby to grab Bellatrix's blue cloak, "Mama moon." "Yes, my dearest moon, mama's here." Aurelia grabs fistfuls of the cloak, tugging on it and yawning: "No, ma — mama, no! Mama moon!" "Oh." Bellatrix says softly, "I see." Bellatrix cradles Aurelia close to her chest and spins around so that they're facing the big windows. "Did you remember that?" Lyra asks, hissing the question and despite the fact Lyra is towering above her, it sounds as though she's whispered it right in her ear. "Please, let me — please, just stop." Aurelia cries. Bellatrix kisses the top of her head, Aurelia coos softly as she stares up at the big, bright crescent moon in the sky. Aurelia hates the feeling this memory stirs in her, the affection and love she felt for Bellatrix, it disgusts her, knowing what this woman had down and yet she had loved her so much. "Did you remember that, Aurelia Alice?" Lyra asks, smiling tauntingly down at Aurelia who lay sobbing at her feet the Cat's Tongue potion drenching Aurelia's clothes, "How much she loved you and you loved her?" She turns back to Bellatrix, hugging her as tightly as a baby can manage. "But, you weren't enough." Lyra laughs. Aurelia's body grows cold because she knows Lyra's right. As much as she had loved Bellatrix and Bellatrix had seemed to love to her, she wasn't enough. She would never be enough. The pressure on her head gets worse and the memory changes, Bellatrix is wearing a different cloak, when she looks up Bellatrix's face is bloody and swollen. She's crying too, actually crying tears and it surprises Aurelia because Blacks aren't supposed to cry. That's what her mothers, aunts, and cousins were taught, drilled into their brains, she knows this because Narcissa and Lucius had always been against it while she was growing up, allowing Draco and herself to cry as much as they pleased so long as they tried not to do at the parties. But, here the fearsome, emotionless Bellatrix was crying like a baby. Aurelia can almost feel the tears on top of her head each time Bellatrix leans down to pepper kisses on her forehead. This memory, though she's never remember it before today, brings a great sense of distress to Aurelia. The feeling was so intense that she couldn't imagine what it would've felt like when she was actually experiencing this as a baby. Aurelia doesn't like this memory at all, she doesn't like the fact that Bellatrix is crying, she doesn't like how Bellatrix looks — oh, fuck! What if this is the night that Bellatrix had attacked the Longbottoms? Tears are falling freely down Aurelia's cheeks as she lies at Lyra's feet, begging her to stop her use of Legilimency; Lyra merely smiles wickedly. "You're safe for sure now, my little moon. He'll never know now, he'll never have a reason to kill you now." Bellatrix says, whispering it against Aurelia's forehead repeatedly. Suddenly the grin is wiped off of Lyra's face and replaced with a mesmerised expression, she looks down at Aurelia harshly demanding: "What's she talking about?!" "How am — am — am I sup — sup — supposed to kn — kn — know I — I — I don't even r — r — remember this! Pl — please st — st — stop!" Aurelia sobs, her head is throbbing and she wants nothing more than to die right where she's curled up on the ground. There's a bang and Aurelia lets out a sharp cry as Bellatrix wheels around, one of her arms lets go to point her wand at whatever the noise was. At least that's what Aurelia assumes she does, she can't see anything because her baby self has gone and buried her face into Bellatrix's cloak. "Trixie! Woah, woah! Settle down, it's just me — it's me, Frank. I — oh, good Godric, what the fuck have you done?!" Aurelia's blood runs cold. Frank? Frank Longbottom? Apparently her baby self recognises his voice because she looks up but before she can get a good look at him the memory ends abruptly. Lyra has released her and Aurelia can't remember the memory any further, she hadn't remembered that memory before today until Lyra had brought it up. Aurelia struggles to breathe because she's crying so hard, she's scared to ask but she does it anyway "Was . . . Was that the night the Longbottoms were attacked?" It's only then as she's pushing herself to her knees and a piece of something sharp lodges itself into her outer thigh that she's gone and dropped the Cat's Tongue, the potion soaks her uniform and the stone floor underneath her, the goblet is missing a good sized chunk because it had shattered. Aurelia blinks watching the blood leak from her new wound, waiting for Lyra's answer. "No." Lyra says, "What was Bellatrix talking about?! Who wanted to kill you?!" Aurelia shakes her head slowly "I — I don't know! I was just a — a baby! I don't even remember that!" Lyra doesn't get angry with her answer, surprisingly instead she grins. Looking very pleased with herself, like a cat who just got the cream she wanted "Oh, I think I know who and even why she was going on about that. I need to have a word with your father." The tone of Lyra's voice sends a chill done Aurelia's voice, what was she talking about? "Get up, I'll get you more Cat's Tongue and then you can be on your way to your precious little Romeo." Lyra says, summoning more of the potion. Aurelia pulls herself to her feet, her entire body is shaking, the pressure in her head is gone but it still throbs, her arms and legs feel very sore, and all she wants to do is sleep. There's an ache in her chest, an odd melancholy feeling — she's missing a woman that doesn't exist anymore. She misses someone she shouldn't. Lyra hastily hands her another goblet of Cat's Tongue, impatiently telling Aurelia to hurry up. Aurelia takes the potion from Lyra's hands, her movements lethargic and she feels as though they aren't her own. "Hurry up." Lyra hisses, her voice sounds far away. Aurelia brings the potion up to her lips and drinks it. She doesn't fight it and spit some of it out like she does, in fear of further angering Lyra. Aurelia doesn't want to give the woman a reason to go back into her mind like that. Tears slip down her cheeks, wondering yet again why Lyra hates her so. Once she's finished the potion, Lyra rips the goblet from her hands forces her out of her office "Have fun with fun hanging out with Neville, little Aurelia Alice!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: So this chapter was only supposed to be a day late because I was like conviced it was monday for two days and I was like, it's fine I've got lots of time and then I realised on Wednesday that it wasn't Monday and I only had half the chapter done oop. I had it just about finished on Saturday (my normal update day) and I was typing it up, ready to finish it when my keyboard broke so this chapter is so late! Anyway, Lyra pulled a dick move and brought up some shifty memories 👀👀 how do y'all feel about that? Thanks for reading I would really appreciate it if you could let me know what you thought of the chapter!! P.S: My keyboard still isn't working! I typed this out on another one and it took me awhile to do so! I'm not sure how long it will take me to get a new keyboard so updates might not happen every week for awhile! Sorry about that! word count: 3755 ━━ REVIEWS: GUEST. "Another enthralling chapter. Your detention scenes are quite brutal. I swear I can feel the cuts on poor Aurelia's hand. I'm pleased to see retribution is being planned & look forward to Umbridge's treatment. You're a fast writer to get these lengthy chapters out so fast & maintain the quality. Well done & thanks for responding to my previous review. See you next time.": Thank you so much, Aurelia's gonna suffer a lot at the hands of Umbridge due to her relation with Remus Lupin - a werewolf, as well as the fact that Bellatrix is her mother and Umbridge doesn't like Bellatrix all that much either. Also you should keep in mind that baby Aurelia was even more of a hellion than she is now and she did bite Umbridge (this was briefly mentioned twice before) so there's that which is something Umbridge holds against her. I always look forward to your reviews they always bring me so much joy so thank you for taking the time to leave such wonderful feedback! Honestly I'm not sure how I get chapters at this length done almost every week, I usually write most of the chapters down on paper first (save for the dialogue or descriptions from the original HP books) so I don't realise how long the chapters are until I go to type them up sksksk, I almost didn't get this chapter up because it's most a rewritten chapter compared to the last three chapter which I have taken parts of the old Make Them Gold and editted them to fit the new one sksksk but I managed to do it! I think the angst of it all inspired me to write so quickly! I hope you enjoyed this chapter and once again, thank you for leaving a review! [ironically the time someone compliments me for consistent updating is the time I don't update on time and i oop - I thought it was monday for two days straight and then when I went to finally type it up on Saturday my keyboard BROKE i'm -] BELLATRIXSBLACK. "Voldemort HAD six children IM SO! And he just yeeted them all into oblivion I can't believe you somehow made Voldyshorts worse than he already is! Now I just want to learn all about his DEAD children. Aurelia has gone through so much and she's so strong despite the fact she cries a lot. I'm scared for her in the upcoming chapters now that Cedric is gone and these revelations that have been dumped on her. Also Aurelia rebelling against Umbridge is everything I need and more, she literally carved 'f*** you' into her hand instead of what Umbridge wanted her to do. We stan a Queen of Rebellion in this household. I hope Aurelia keeps up screwing with Umbridge because that would just be straight up iconic!": Thank you so much for leaving so many reviews I was so happy to get all the notifications, however I can't respond to all of them as much as I want to so I just took certain parts of your reviews that I can answer! We definitely will be learning more about Voldemort's dead kiddies I'm not sure how much in this book they'll be mentioned again in great detail but they'll definitely be brought more in the sequel. Voldy's dead kiddies are very important to Aurelia's character because she feels so strongly about them and you'll more of that in the sequel as well. Also yeeted them into oblivion made me laugh SO hard! Aurelia really has gone through a lot and she's definitely going to struggle with that for a long time, but she'd getting the help she needs and it'll take time but eventually she should recover. Aurelia for sure is going to keep fucking around with Umbridge, honeslty there's a series of detention she goes through from the orginal that are just Aurelia being a walking shit-post and driving Umbridge up the wall and I can't wait to bring them into the rewrite! Thank you so so much for your kind and very funny reviews, I hope you liked this chapter!
"STAY AWAY FROM MY SISTER." DRACO SAYS, seeing Abigale about to leave the common room. It's obvious that she's going to see Aurelia much to Draco and Pansy's chagrin; it's all Abigale ever does nowadays. Draco wouldn't mind it as much if he didn't think Abigale was up to something or Aurelia didn't always looks so distressed or annoyed whenever he saw them together. Abigale may only be the Mudblood that they had befriended because of her mediocre ability to see the future but Draco had to admit Abigale could be as cunning and smart as a Pure-blood at times. And, despite the fact that Aurelia had been raised by his parents she had come out a bit weak which makes her easy prey to even Abigale. That is if Draco's correct in thinking that Abigale is up to something. "Aurelia Alice isn't your sister." Abigale says coldly, "She's your cousin. And you can't tell me what to do, Malfoy, I won't listen to you." Draco sneers at her "You're getting cocky, Mudblood, I'd watch yourself." Abigale gives Draco the coldest stare ever and although he doesn't show it, it kind of unnerves him. He doesn't know what happened but this wasn't the same Abigale he knows and, doesn't exactly care about but rather, took her under his wing. "No, Malfoy, it is you who should watch yourself!" Abigale snarls in a raspy voice, "You truly don't know whom you're dealing with anymore, I wouldn't dare try anything, you will regret it." "Is — is that a threat?!" Draco says, trying to sound more offended than scared because Abigale looks like she'd go through with it this time around. "You bet your albino-looking ass it is!" Draco swallows thickly but he quickly composes himself, reminding himself that she's merely a Mudblood — she's below him and he shouldn't cower before her. He fixes her with a disgusted sneer, Abigale's expression softens as does her tone. "Besides, I'm not going to see, Blue." Abigale says, "I'm going to see Longbottom, I've got a book to give him." Then she gives Draco her annoying, signature all-knowing smile "Aurelia has had enough stress for one day — first the whole Donum Vitae possession thing which she's technically unaware of but it still, like, screwed with her — but, she shouldn't complain because it's nothing compared to the real deal! And then there's this whole thing with Lyra and, wow, I'm like impressed that she hasn't lost her mind yet." Draco rolls his eyes, wondering exactly how Aurelia had managed to survive without his family. Abigale quirks an eyebrow at him "You think Aurelia Alice is weak? Ha, you think the daughter of daughter of Bellatrix Lestrange and, well, you-know-who . . . Is weak?! I have to laugh! You must be dumber than I thought, Malfoy, that girl has a lot more power and strength than you can even imagine." "Her father is a werewolf." Draco says, "She can't be that powerful." Abigale gives him a cold smile "She's more powerful than you or anyone knows. Although she's not as powerful as the other's could've been but — anywho! Books to be delivered!" With that Abigale slips out of the Slytherin Common Room leaving Draco behind to worry about the girl he once knew as his sister and the Mudblood he sort of, maybe cared about. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Abigale Montgomery intimidates the bloody hell out of Neville, at first it was because he had thought her and Aurelia were really dating but now it's due to the fact he thinks she's hiding something. Scratch that, he knows she's hiding something, she's not exactly subtle about it. He just can't figure out what it is and that worries him — what if she's like Goyle — or what if she is Goyle? That theory has crossed his mind more than once and he knows it has definitely crossed Aurelia's mind. Both of them kept their guards up around Abigale but Abigale's relentless. The fact that Aurelia nearly trampled a first year to get away from her or the fact that both Neville and Aurelia are standoffish towards her doesn't phase Abigale at all. In fact Abigale has remained quite nice towards the both of them which confuses and unnerves Neville — wasn't Goyle/Noelle nice in the beginning? Abigale seems to really want to help Aurelia — just tonight she had given Neville two books to give to Aurelia, one is about American Potions and the other is about Blood Magic, she tells Neville that Aurelia would be needing them. In other words: Neville's very confused on how he should feel about Abigale Montgomery outside of being intimidated by her. After his weird little encounter with Abigale, he heads up to Gryffindor Tower where he waits for Aurelia to show up. She's late and Neville begins to worry that she's forgotten about him but an hour and a half after classes have ended, Aurelia shows up. She's in tears, her uniform is soaked in a green-ish liquid her knees are bruised and one is even bloody, her forehead is beaded with sweat, and she looks minutes away from collapsing. "Hey." She says. "What the hell!" Neville says, rushing to her side. "Aw, you swore." Aurelia says, "You know, you sound bloody cute when you swear — why are you staring at me like that?" "You — you look —" "Like hell. Aye, I know. I just got back from Lyra's — uh, she's, um, she's teaching me Legilimency. It's, um, it's not going to well." Neville looks mortified "Lyra did this — did this to you?" He's not surprised, Lyra's always been violent, he's upset that she did this to Aurelia. "Can we go up to your dorm?" Aurelia asks quietly, clinging to his arm. Blushing, Neville nods his head and shows her up to his dorm. Out of curiosity, he asks: "What did Lyra make you see?" Aurelia's face crumples and she shakes her head, sobbing quietly. Her hair turns green and she looks away from him. "It's alright." Neville says softly, opening the door to his dorm, luckily no one is there. "No, it's not!" Aurelia cries." "It's not your fault she put things in your head." Neville says, "Sometimes if I mess — if I've messed she'd make me remember their . . . My parents' screams and —" Neville cuts himself off, saying that out loud makes him realise that maybe what Lyra does to him isn't the best, especially with how Aurelia reacts to it, "She made you think of Lestrange . . . Didn't she?" "Aye." Aurelia says in a small voice, sitting on Neville's bed. Sitting next to her, Neville says: "They're probably false. Lyra's good at false memories, you —" "They weren't." Aurelia whispers. She knows they weren't fake because if Lyra was going to put false memories into her head she wouldn't have done something as nice as those memories Aurelia witnessed. "Were they bad?" Neville wonders and Aurelia shakes her head, sobbing a little louder. "Then why are you crying — is it your leg? Does it hurt? Did Lyra do that you?" "The memories they . . . Uh, they startled me and I fell against something made of glass in her office." Aurelia says, "Neville, when you said Lyra —" "There's glass in your cut." Neville says quickly, "Hang on." He leans down and pulls out what Aurelia assumes in a small first-aid kit from under his bed. "There's a pair of tweezers in here, you could use those to put it out." Aurelia glad's he doesn't tell her that they should go down to the Hospital Wing because she'd rather just leave the glass there than walk down all those stairs again but she's a little incapable of pulling it out herself. She shows Neville her shaking hands, saying: "Can you did it instead?" His eyes widens, pointing at himself as he says: "Me? Are — are you sure?" "Aye, Plant Boy, just yoink that sucker right out." "Please don't say yoink." Neville says, using the tweezers to pull the shard out. It hurts but Aurelia reckons it would've hurt worse if she had done it herself, Neville tries to be as gentle as possible. "I swear this woman hangs over me like a dark cloud — why are you even friends with me?" Aurelia asks through clenched teeth. Neville dabs something damp on her thigh that makes it sting even more than it already is "Well for start — starters, you're not her. You're really not, no matter what anyone says or what you seem to think. You're not Bellatrix Lestrange. You're a good person, you've got a good heart and you'll always been so — well, you've always been patient with me. You've always believed in me, you're the only one that does. You're my best friend and no matter how close she is to you, nothing is going to change that —" Neville falters to pull out a Scooby-Doo band-aid, Aurelia smiles softly and her heart warms at both his words and the fact that he still has those band-aids. She had given him a box of his own two Christmases ago. Her brain ruins the moment by going: but, there is. There is definitely something that could ruin it. Aurelia's a lot closer to Bellatrix Lestrange than he knows. She's actually her daughter and her Donum Vitae and if Aurelia had read the book correctly, that makes her even more closer to her. Of course, Aurelia's learned to take everything about Blood Magic with a grain of salt because no one really knows nowadays. It could be false. She hopes it's false. It could ruin everything even more if it's true. Once he's placed the band-aid on, he places a kiss over top of it. A habit he's learned from Aurelia, she always kisses the band-aid after putting it on even her own. However, it shocks Aurelia, apparently she's really sensitive there. His lips which barely touched her actual flesh had sent a jolt up her spine, her stomach does this weird little flip, and her cheeks burn. Completely unaware of the blushing mess he had just turned Aurelia into, Neville continues speaking: "Not at all. We'll always be best friends." Aurelia gives him a half-smile, half-frown, it's unlikely that you'll want to be my friend when you find out the truth. "I'm not a good person, I — not someone someone like you should be friends with. You — Neville, you deserve better than me." "What, no! Ari, you're an amazing person! You really are! You're the best person I know — I mean — I — you're literally golden!" He says, pointing at her gold curls. Aurelia laughs softly, leaning closer to him "I'm not golden, Plant Boy." "You are!" Neville says stubbornly, "You — always go on about how you want to be golden and make yourself gold but you're already golden. You've always been golden!" "Is this the part where you tell me to 'Stay Gold, Ponyboy'?" Aurelia asks sarcastically. Neville doesn't understand the reference but he still gives her a look because he doesn't like her tone: "No." There's a pause, Neville smiles slightly. "I'd tell you to stay gold, Sunflower Girl." He says matter-of-factly, leaning up to kiss her on the cheek. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It's nearing midnight now and Aurelia's still with Neville, the pair had resorted to staying in the common room since Seamus and Dean had went to bed a while ago. Aurelia would probably end up staying the night on the couch at this point, Elliot's done it before with Fred and George and he's had no problem with it, so Aurelia should be fine. Hermione and Ron are also in the common room, they're up waiting for Harry to return from detention with Umbridge. When Harry does arrive, Hermione gives him a bowl of yellow liquid — Murtlap essence, if Aurelia's correct; he thanks Hermione. "I still reckon you should complain about this." Ron says lowly. "No," said Harry flatly. "McGonagall would go nuts if she knew —" "Yeah, she probably would." Harry says dully. "All the teachers would but there's nothing they would be able to do. Umbitch works for the Ministry, they've probably given her permission to do it. And, well —" Aurelia says, pulling away from Neville's side so she can join their conversation. "And how long do you reckon it'd take Umbridge to pass another decree saying anyone who complains about the High Inquisitor gets sacked immediately?" Harry says. Both of their points effectively silencing Ron. "She's an awful woman," Hermione says in a small voice, "Awful. You know, I was just saying to Ron when you came in . . . We've got to do something about her." "I suggested poison." Ron says grimly. "Which, isn't a bad idea." Aurelia says, finger-gunning him. "No . . . I mean, something about what a dreadful teacher she is, and how we're not going to learn any Defense from her at all!" Hermione says. "Well, what can we do about that?" Ron says with a yawn, "It's too late, isn't it? She's got the job, she's here to stay. Fudge'll make sure of that." "Well," Hermione says tentatively, "You know, I was thinking today. . ." she shoots a slightly nervous look at Harry and then plunges on, "I was thinking that — maybe the time's come when we should just — just do it ourselves." "Do what ourselves?" Harry says suspiciously, still floating his hand in the essence of Murtlap. "Well — learn Defense Against the Dark Arts ourselves." Hermione says. "Come off it," Ron groans, "You want us to do extra work? D'you realize Harry and I are behind on homework again and it's only the second week?" "That's not what she means!" Aurelia says excitedly, "What she's talking about, well, there would — wouldn't be any homework!" Hermione casts Aurelia a nervous glance, then says: "Aurelia's right. This is much more important than homework!" "I didn't think there was anything in the universe more important than homework!" Ron says, a hint of mockery in his tone. "Don't be silly, of course there is — it's about preparing ourselves, like Harry said in Umbridge's first lesson, for what's waiting for us out there. It's about making sure we really can defend ourselves. If we don't learn anything for a whole year —" "We can't do much by ourselves," Ron says defeatedly, "I mean, all right, we can go and look jinxes up in the library and try and practice them, I suppose —" "No, I agree, we've gone past the stage where we can just learn things out of books." Hermione says, "We need a teacher, a proper one, who can show us how to use the spells and correct us if we're going wrong." "If you're talking about Lupin —" Harry says. Aurelia perks up at the mention of Remus, realising that she really misses him. And she had forgotten to reply to his last letter — oh, shit! "No, no, I'm not talking about Lupin." Hermione says "He's too busy with the Order and, anyway, the most we could see him is during Hogsmeade weekends and that's not nearly often enough." "Who, then?" said Harry, frowning at her. "Harold, you oblivious fuck." Aurelia sighs exasperatedly. Hermione heaves a very deep sigh but not before shooting Aurelia a scolding look for her use of foul language. "Isn't it obvious?" Hermione asks. "She's talking about you, Potter." Aurelia says. "About me what?" said Harry. "Jesus Christ." Aurelia groans, burying her face into her hands. "I'm talking about you teaching us Defense Against the Dark Arts." Hermione says. Harry stares at her. Then he turns to Ron, looking for help or maybe someone to laugh with, however, Ron looks to be onboard with the idea so far. He was frowning slightly, apparently thinking. Then he said, "That's an idea." "What's an idea?" "You," Ron says, "Teaching us to do it." "But —" Harry says with a grin, "But I'm not a teacher, I can't —" "Harry, you're the best in the year at Defense Against the Dark Arts!" Hermione says. "Me?" Harry says, now grinning more broadly than ever, "No I'm not, you've beaten me in every test —" "Actually, I haven't." Hermione says coolly, "You beat me in our third year — the only year we both sat the test and had a teacher who actually knew the subject. But I'm not talking about test results, Harry. Think what you've done!" "How d'you mean?" Aurelia rolls her eyes, he can be as smart as a brick wall at times. "You know what, I'm not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me," Ron says to Hermione, smirking slightly then he turns to Harry, "Let's think — uh . . . First year — you saved the Sorcerer's Stone from You-Know-Who." "But that was luck!" Harry says, "it wasn't skill." "Second year!" Ron interrupts, "You killed the Basilisk and destroyed Riddle." "Yeah, but if Fawkes hadn't turned up, I —" "Third year —" Ron says louder, "You fought off about a hundred Dementors at once —" "You know that was a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadn't —" "Last year!" Ron says, almost shouting now, "You fought off You-Know-Who again —" "Listen to me!" Harry says, "Just listen to me, all right? It sounds great when you say it like that, but all that stuff was luck — I didn't know what I was doing half the time, I didn't plan any of it, I just did whatever I could think of, and I nearly always had help! Don't sit there grinning like you know better than I do, I was there, wasn't I? I know what went on, all right? And I didn't get through any of that because I was brilliant at Defense Against the Dark Arts, I got through it all because — because help came at the right time, or because I guessed right — but I just blundered through it all, I didn't have a clue what I was doing — STOP LAUGHING!" Except Hermione and Ron aren't laughing, they're only smirking but Aurelia can understand why Harry had a problem with it. The bowl of Murtlap essence clatters to the floor and the smiles fall from their faces. "You don't know what it's like! You — neither of you — you've never had to face him, have you? You think it's just memorizing a bunch of spells and throwing them at him, like you're in class or something? The whole time you're sure you know there's nothing between you and dying except your own — your own brain or guts or whatever — like you can think straight when you know you're about a second from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friends die — they've never taught us that in their classes, what it's like to deal with things like that — and you two sit there acting like I'm a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like Diggory was stupid, like he messed up — you just don't get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have been if Voldemort hadn't needed me —" Aurelia frowns at the mention of Cedric. She hadn't been able to save him it's all her fault that he's dead. It should've been me. "We weren't saying anything like that, mate," Ron says, looking aghast, "We weren't having a go at Diggory, we didn't — you've got the wrong end of the —" "Harry," Hermione says timidly, "Don't you see? This . . . This is exactly why we need you . . . We need to know what it's r — really like. . . Facing him... Facing V — Voldemort. Well . . . think about it, please?" Neville sits up, grabbing ahold of Aurelia's hand as he quietly says: "I think — I think it's a good idea. Who better to teach us than Harry and Ari! She's really good at defensive spells, she — she learned loads last year for the tournament and she can even make her owns spells. We'd learn loads more than we'll ever learn with Umbridge." Harry frowns. The tension in the room is stifling to Aurelia, she nervously looks around. "Neville's right." Ron agrees, "You and Blue could teach us loads, you two could be the best teachers Hogwarts has ever seen next to Lupin, of course!" Harry looks to Aurelia as if to say: you're in on this too? Aurelia nods "We could teach them. We need to learn how to defend ourselves and just think while we're teaching them we'll be teaching ourselves too." She takes a breath, her heart racing in her chest as she's filled with a need for this idea to actually happen. "You've fought Voldemort, I fought Goyle. We know enough to teach others to defend themselves, we can help protect people like I couldn't protect Cedric. This is my chance to fix that. It doesn't matter how we know the things that helped us survive all that matters is we know it and we need to share it with others . . . It's a good idea, Potter, we should do it. Cedric would want us to do it." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ After first, Harry didn't seem to agree with the idea but eventually he came around. So two weeks later Aurelia finds herself gathering with her friends (plus Abigale who insisted on coming) in Hogshead. Aurelia's rather excited for this meeting Hermione had planned and so are Olivia, Neville, Susan, and Abigale. They aren't, however, excited to be in Hogshead, which has got to be the sketchiest fucking place Aurelia's ever been to. Which is saying something because she's been to Knockturn Alley. "I don't know about this, Hermione." Harry mutters to Hermione, they mutter back and forth to each other for a few seconds before Hermione approaches the barman and says: "Three butter-beers, please." "Make that six butter-beers!" Susan cuts in, reaching for the money to pay as the barman adds their price to the total. "I've got it." Harry says, paying the barman. The seven teens retreat to the furthest table from the bar. Aurelia sips on the Butterbeer as Ron makes a comment about possibly getting Firewhisky only for it to be shot down by Hermione. "So, who did you say was supposed to be meeting us?" Harry asks, opening his Butterbeer and taking a swig of it. "Just a couple of people." Hermione replies, glancing at the door with a nervous expression "I told them to be here around now and I'm sure they all where it is — oh, look, that must be them now." she adds just as the door to the pub opens. First comes Colin Creevey then Hannah Abbott, they're soon followed by Dean Thomas and Lavender Brown, in two are the Patil twins. It's not until Fred, George, Lee, and Elliot have entered the pub does she notice that there are a lot more than a 'couple people' and Harry Potter, the boy who won against Voldemort four times, looks absolutely mortified. "A couple of people?" Harry mumbles hoarsely to Hermione, "A couple of people?" "Yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular." Hermione says happily, oblivious to Harry's distress, "Ron, do you want to pull up some more chairs?" Once everyone had taken a seat, Hermione begins to speak: "Er. Well — er — hi." The crowd stares at Hermione, keeping silent as they shift their eyes to look at Aurelia and Harry. "Well . . . Erm . . . Well, you know why you're here. Erm. . . Well, Harry here had the idea — I mean —" Hermione says but corrects herself because Harry throws her a sharp look, "I had the idea — that it might be good if people who wanted to study Defense Against the Dark Arts — and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish that Umbridge is doing with us because nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts —" "Hear, hear!" A boy whose name, Aurelia thinks to be, Anthony Goldstein, cuts in and Hermione looks encouraged by it. She continues "— Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into our own hands. And by that, I mean learning how to defend ourselves properly, not just in theory but doing the real spells —" "You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts OWL too, though, I bet?" Michael Corner asks. "Of course I do." Hermione says, "But more than that, I want to be properly trained in defense because . . . Because. . ." she takes a great breath and finishes: "Because Lord Voldemort is back." The reaction is immediate and predictable. Someone shrieks, Neville gives an odd yelp that he manages to turn into a cough, and Aurelia thinks of Cedric and how he had been murdered in cold blood, she blinks the tears from her eyes. "Well . . . That's the plan, anyway." Hermione says, trying to move past their reactions, "If you want to join us, we need to decide how we're going to —" "Where's the proof You-Know-Who's back?" Zacharias Smith says in a rather aggressive voice. "Well, Dumbledore believes it —" Hermione says. "You mean, Dumbledore believes him," Zacharias cuts her off again, nodding at Harry. "Who are you?" Ron asks, sounding just as rude as Zacharias is acting. "He's technically like my family, sadly — Smiths and Macleods are very distantly related." Aurelia drawls out as she fixes Zacharias with a hard stare, "But, I'm technically 'adopted'." (Aurelia pass up on oppurtunity to flaunt the fact that Mae is her family, not a chance!) "Zacharias Smith. And I think we've got the right to know exactly what makes him say You-Know-Who's back." "Uh, me too. I'm saying that shit too." Aurelia says only to be completely ignored. "Look, that's really not what this meeting was supposed to be about —" Hermione says. "It's okay, Hermione." Harry says, "What makes me say You-Know-Who's back? I saw him. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you didn't believe him, you won't believe me, and I'm not wasting an afternoon trying to convince anyone." "All Dumbledore told us last year was that Cedric Diggory got killed by You-Know-Who and that you brought Aurelia and Diggory's body back to Hogwarts. He didn't give us details, he didn't tell us exactly how Diggory got murdered, I think we'd all like to know —" "Shut the fuck up, Smith!" Olivia snaps, glaring at Smith with glossy eyes as she places a comforting hand on Aurelia's shoulder. Aurelia bites her lip, digging her nails into her palms. She tries to distract herself from the pain in her chest, the flashing of that green light and Goyle's horrible, mocking laugh but no matter how hard she digs her nails into her flesh it doesn't compare. It feels as though someone's sitting on her chest, she's having trouble breathing. Neville slips his hand in hers and squeezes lightly but she continues staring straight ahead — don't think about it, don't think about it, don't think about it. "If you've come to hear exactly what it looks like when Voldemort murders someone I can't help you." Harry says, "I don't want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if that's what you're here for, you might as well clear out." Nobody, not even Zacharias Smith, moves. Hermione speaks again: "So . . . like I was saying . . . If you want to learn some defense, then we need to work out how we're going to do it, how often we're going to meet and where we're going to —" "Is it true, that you can produce a Patronus?" Susan says. There's a murmur of interest around the group at this. "Yeah." Harry replies, slightly defensively, "So can Black." he adds, Aurelia's certain that's his attempt to get the attention off of him. "A corporeal Patronus?" Susan says, playing with her braid. "Er — you don't know Madam Bones, do you?" "She's my auntie. I'm Susan Bones" Susan says, "She told us about your hearing. So — is it really true? You make a stag Patronus?" "Yes." "Blimey, Harry!" Lee exclaims, looking deeply impressed "I never knew that!" "Mum told Ron not to spread it around." Fred tells Lee, "She said you got enough attention as it was." "She's not wrong." Harry mumbles, and a couple of people laugh. "And did you kill a Basilisk with that sword in Dumbledore's office?" Terry Boot questions, "That's what one of the portraits on the wall told me when I was in there last year." "Er — yeah, I did, yeah" Harry mumbles awkwardly. Justin Finch-Fletchley whistles and Lavender Brown, awestruck, whispers: "Wow!" "And in our first year." Neville says, "He saved that Sorcerous Stone —" "Sorcerer's." Hermione hisses. Aurelia gives her a withering look "Who cares what it's called all that matters is that Harry brave ass Potter saved it. Leave him alone." "Yes, er, that — from You-Know-Who!" finishes Neville. "And that's not to mention." Cho speaks up, "All the tasks he and Aurelia had to get through in the Triwizard Tournament last year — getting past dragons and Merpeople and Acromantula and things" There's a murmur of impressed agreement around the table, but everyone quickly falls silent when Harry says: "Look, I . . . I don't want to sound like I'm trying to be modest or anything, but . . . I had a lot of help with all that stuff." "Not with the dragon, you didn't." Michael Corner says, "That was a seriously cool bit of flying!" "Yeah, well —" "And nobody helped you get rid of those Dementors this summer." Susan points out. "No," Harry says, "No, okay, I know I did bits of it without help, but the point I'm trying to make is —" "Are you trying to weasel out of showing us any of this stuff?" Zacharias questions. "Sweet Merlin, Smith! If you were like this during Quidditch practice I would punch you right in the honker!" Aurelia says angrily, "Why don't you just shut up and listen to Potter!" Zacharias stares at her, an uncomfortable expression on his face. There are tears on her face from earlier and she looked like she might start crying at any moment; he certainly doesn't want to get beat up by a girl much less a crying girl. "That's a great idea, Blue!" Ron says then gives Zacharias a pointed look, "Why don't you shut your mouth?" "Well, we've all turned up to learn from him and now he's telling us he can't really do any of it." Zacharias says. "That's not what he said!" Fred snarls. "Would you like us to clean out your ears for you?" George says, pulling a long and lethal-looking metal instrument from inside one of the Zonko's bags. "Or any part of your body, really, we're not fussy where we stick this!" Fred adds. "Yes, well." Hermione cuts in, "Moving on . . . The point is, are we agreed we want to take lessons from Harry?" "And Aurelia." Ron adds. "Right, Aurelia as well." Hermione says, doing her best to avoid another one of Aurelia's withering glares. There's a murmur of general agreement. "Right." Hermione says, "Well, then, the next question is how often we do it. I really don't think there's any point in meeting less than once a week —" "Hang on!" Angelina cuts in, "We need to make sure this doesn't clash with our Quidditch practice." "No." Cho adds, "Nor with ours." "Nor ours." Olivia concludes. "I'm pretty sure that learning how to properly defend ourselves is more important than Quidditch." Aurelia says sarcastically, "But, sure! We best make sure this doesn't clash with our Quidditch practice!" "I'm sure we can find a night that suits everyone." Hermione replies, "But you know, this is rather important, we're talking about learning to defend ourselves against V — Voldemort's Death-Eaters —" "Well said!" Ernie Macmillan says in agreement, "Personally I think this is really important, possibly more important than anything else we'll do this year, even with our OWLs coming up! I, personally am at a loss to see why the Ministry has foisted such a useless teacher on us at this critical period. Obviously, they are in denial about the return of You-Know-Who, but to give us a teacher who is trying to actively prevent us from using defensive spells —" "We think the reason Umbridge doesn't want us trained in Defense Against the Dark Arts." Hermione says, "Is that she's got some . . . Some mad idea that Dumbledore could use the students in the school as a kind of private army. She thinks he'd mobilize us against the Ministry." Luna Lovegood, who doesn't look all that shocked by the news, pipes up: "Well, that makes sense. After all, Cornelius Fudge has got his own private army." "What?" Harry asks in disbelief. "Yes, he's got an army of Heliopaths." Luna says. "No, he hasn't." Hermione snaps. "Yes, he has." Luna argues. "What are Heliopaths?" Neville asks. Aurelia glances at him, whispering: "I don't think they exist." Meanwhile Luna says: "They're spirits of fire. Great tall flaming creatures that gallop across the ground burning everything in front of —" "They don't exist, Neville," Hermione interrupts. "Oh, yes, they do!" Luna disagrees angrily. "I'm sorry, but where's the proof of that?" Hermione retorts. "There are plenty of eye-witness accounts. Just because you're so narrow-minded you need to have everything shoved under your nose before you —" "Hem, hem." Ginny pipes up, in such a good imitation of Professor Umbridge that several people look around in alarm and then laugh as they realise the demon is nowhere to be seen: "Weren't we trying to decide how often we're going to meet and have defense lessons?" "Yes." Hermione says at once, "Yes, we were, you're right, Ginny." "Well, once a week sounds cool." Lee says, agreeing with Hermione's previous suggestion. "As long as —" Angelina begins. "Yes, yes, we know about the Quidditch. Well, the other thing to decide is where we're going to meet." This task proves to be much more difficult; the whole group falls silent. "Library?" Katie Bell suggests after a few moments. "I can't see Madam Pince being too chuffed with us doing jinxes in the library." Harry replies, dismissing that idea. "Maybe an unused classroom?" Dean suggests. "Yeah." Ron agrees, "McGonagall might let us have hers, she did when Harry was practicing for the Triwizard Tournament." Suddenly Aurelia remembers hearing Mae telling her about a secret room that appears to people who need it and they certainly needed it now "My mum told me about this — this room, it's a hidden room that only shows itself to those who need it s — s — supposedly built by Helga Hufflepuff her — herself, what about that?" Ron looks at her, interested, so does Harry who asks: "Really, did she say what floor it was on?" Aurelia frowns, she can't remember where Mae had said it was, "No, I — I — I can't remember, sorry." "Dobby knows a great place." Abigale pipes up, startling Aurelia who had almost forgotten she had come with them. She doesn't elaborate on that, a few seconds pass and Hermione gives Aibgale a weird look. Abigale just smiles knowingly and shrugs her shoulders at Harry and Ron who are also giving her odd looks. "Right, well, we'll try to find somewhere." Hermione says, "We'll send a message around to everybody when we've got a time and a place for the first meeting." Hermione rummages in her bag and produces a piece of parchment and a quill "I — I think everybody should write their name down, just so we know who was here. But I also think . . . That we all ought to agree not to shout about what we're doing. So if you sign, you're agreeing not to tell Umbridge or anybody else what we're up to." Fred reaches out for the parchment and cheerfully writes his signature, Aurelia reaches for the paper, eager to sign it. She feels something different bloom in her chest, and she wonders if this is her chance to finally prove herself. Once she had signed it, she hands it to George. "Er," Zacharias says slowly, not taking the parchment from George, "Well . . . I'm sure Ernie will tell me when the meeting is." But, Ernie looks rather hesitant about signing, too. Hermione raises her eyebrows at the two boys. "I — well, we are prefects!" Ernie bursts out, "And if this list was found . . . Well, I mean to say . . . Uou said yourself if Umbridge finds out —" "You just said this group was the most important thing you'd do this year." Harry reminds him. "I — yes." Ernie says, "Yes, I do believe that it's just —" "Ernie, do you really think I'd leave that list lying around?" Hermione says testily. "No. No, of course not." Ernie mutters, looking slightly less anxious, "I — yes, of course, I'll sign." When everyone had signed it, Hermione takes the parchment back and slips it carefully into her bag. There's an odd feeling in the group now; a buzzing kind of feeling. It's as though they had just signed some kind of life-changing contract. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: I'm so soft for Draco being soft for his friends and Aurelia! I love him so much and I can't wait to start writing the sequel cause he's gonna be in it lots especially the Half-Blood Prince! SO, Lyra's a lot shittier than y'all know and it will be elaborated on more in future chapters (especially in the sequel) and y'all better prepare yourselves because it gets bad! AND FINALLY, they're staring the D.A, are y'all ready for it?! Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, please let me know what you thought of it? word count: 7117 ━━ REVIEWS: GUEST. "Hmm? Excellent again. Lyra is an evil piece of work, isn't she? Someone else who deserves retribution when the time comes. If it comes? Poor Neville's so confused sometimes. He does love Ari though, which I feel is something she will really need to get through all this. However you write certainly works well for you. Looking forward to the next chapter. Thanks again.": Neville loves Aurelia SO much and it would help her a lot to get through this, the problem is Aurelia thinks Neville's gonna hate her so she's in denial that he actually like likes her. Fun times. Lyra is most definitely a piece of work, she' spun out of control but I also kinda like where her character is going even if she is evil. She'll definitely get what's coming to her *looks at my plans for Half-Blood Prince and laughs* it'll be a long time coming, she's deserved to be hit by karma for years! Thanks for reviewing, I'm so glad you enjoyed the last chapter and I hope you enjoyed this one! BELLATRIXSBLACK. "This chapter broke my heart. Aurelia deserves so much better than what she's getting, Lyra is a horrible person but I suppose that's what you get when you happen to be the baby sister of Bellatrix Lestrange and the daughter of Cygnus and Druella (? that's their names right lmao) like damn she turned out to be the worst sister of all so far. Bellatrix has nothing on her so far. But, those memories of Bellatrix and baby Aurelia were absolutely precious despite how they were brought up! The only problem I had with this chapter was Hermione because I felt as though she was a little out of character! Everything else was great and I can't wait for the next chapter! (I hope your keyboard is fixed soon!)": Lyra is honestly the worst! Trust me when I say she's gonna get worse! It's funny because in the original version of Make Them Gold, Lyra was actually nice (and also actually Neville's godmother!) I'm aware that Hermione was a bit OOC and that's mostly because we don't get to hear her explanation for why she said that, Aurelia cuts her off and doesn't let her explain. If she had I promise Hermione had a logical reason for saying what she did. Although I admit that when I was writing it, Hermione sounded less OOC than when I went back and reread it. I apologise for that! I'm glad you enjoyed the chapter despite that! Thank you for leaving a review, I hope you enjoyed this chapter as well!
"WELL, OKAY, SAY YOU-KNOW-WHO REALLY is back, what's to say Black didn't murder on his orders." Fay Dunbar is saying to Lavender Brown, "Did you lot see how the danced around Cedric's death? They must be —" "Excuse me," Ginny says, "Can you kindly shut the fuck up, Dunbar?" Dunbar looks affronted by Ginny's confrontation and goes to argue but she falls short when she sees Aurelia standing behind Ginny; she'd heard everything. Dunbar looks mortified, grimacing as she struggles to think of something to say. "Uh, love your hair! It's so nice and sparkly!" Dunbar says, smiling falsely. Aurelia sneers at her, turning her shimmering gold curls to a dark, angry red "Fuck you." "Fair enough." Dunbar says weakly. Ginny rolls her eyes "Merlin, Dunbar, you bloody loudmouth!" "I'm sorry! I didn't know Black was right there!" Aurelia feels like she could just sink into the abyss, any excitement she had felt going into this had turned into a dull ache in her chest. Did everyone here really think that she murdered Cedric? Did they even want to learn from her or are they just here for Harry? "You shouldn't have said it at all!" Ginny says, glaring heatedly. "I didn't murder Cedric, I'm not a murderer." Aurelia says numbly but she's starting to feel like one, "But, it's my fault he's dead." Finally the tears that have been burning her eyes for the past few minutes fall down her cheeks, the memories of that night tear through her mind, that green light, Voldemort's face, Goyle's laugh, Cedric's horrified, dead eyes, and — "KILL THE SPARE!" Aurelia blinks the green light flashes behind her eyes and for a moment, she thinks she's back in the graveyard, under attack. No, She tells herself quickly, no, you're at Hogwarts, that's not real — it's not happening now or again, they're only memories. But, she feels like she's back in the crossfire of Harry and Voldemort and any moment now Goyle's going to attack her. It's alright, it's okay, you're safe. Aurelia turns on her heel, ignoring Lavender, Dunbar, and Ginny's quizzical looks. She needs space, she needs air. It feels like there's someone sitting on her chest. Any moment now. She tenses, no! She struggles to take a deep breath, Goyle isn't here, she isn't coming to get you, she isn't — someone grabs her shoulder — it's Goyle! No, it's only Neville "Hey, Ari!" Startled, Aurelia wheels around on him, gasping: "What?" She breathes shakily, tugging the Hufflepuff scarf around her neck loose. "I — well, you just rushed out of there, I wanted to make sure that you were alright —" "I'm not alright." Aurelia says tiredly. The concerned look on Neville's face makes her regret saying anything. Her throat constricts, tears threaten to spill again, and she shudders. It feels strange to admit it, wrong almost. She knows it's not though, Atticus tells her that it's alright to say that she's not alright but this is the first time she's ever directly admitted she's not alright and it feels odd. Aurelia feels like she should have a joke to add to it but she's doesn't — plain and simple: she's not alright. "I'm not alright, Plant Boy." She says again but in a firmer tone then she laughs dryly, "I haven't been alright since Goyle put my — since she threw my name in that goblet. Did you know I watched her do it! I watched her place my name in the goblet thinking that it was Noelle's name! I watched her ruin my life and I didn't even know! I haven't — I'll never be alright again! Atticus says I'm going to get better and sometimes — well, sometimes I think I am but then I just end up worse and — and — and everyone thinks I murdered Cedric. They think I'm a murderer and I — I'm starting to think it's true, as much as I hate it. It is my fault he died so — well, doesn't that make what they say true?" She hated the label at first but the more she thinks about it the more she thinks they're right. Maybe he hadn't died at her hands but she still failed to save him so wouldn't she be a murderer? Neville opens his mouth to argue that Cedric Diggory's death was not her fault but she's not done with her rant so he promptly closes his mouth the minute she starts speaking again. "Wouldn't it? If I had tired harder — if I had know what I was capable of — maybe, just maybe I could have saved him." "Ari, it's not your fault." Neville says softly. "It is!" Aurelia insists, "It is. It — the curse — it just went through me . . . Neville it should've been me that died that night —" "Don't say that, Ari!" "It's true!" Aurelia hisses back at him, she takes long strides down the streets of Hogsmeade, and Neville struggles to keep up with her. It's crowded. Aurelia can scarcely breathe, why are there so many people? She tugs at her scarf to loosen it again. "Ari, it's not!" Neville says breathily, struggling to keep her pace. "It is!" Aurelia insists again in a hushed whisper, "The curse hit me!" She doesn't want anyone to overhear her. Over the chatter of the crowds, it'd be nearly impossible too but Aurelia doesn't want to take that chance. Neville blinks, believing — hoping that he had misheard her. Aurelia had spoken so quietly, it was likely that he missed a few words of what she had said — he hopes. Certainly, he couldn't have heard her say that she was hit by the Killing Curse, she'd be dead — wouldn't she? Unless Goyle had missed again. "You . . . You were hit by the Killing Curse?" Neville questions, giving Aurelia a curious look, he must've misheard her. Oh, please let him have heard her wrong. "Aye, I was." Aurelia says defensively, "I know what I felt . . . It was horrible." Aurelia still couldn't describe the feeling, it was worse than the Cruciatus Curse, worse than any pain she's ever felt before. No pain would ever compare it, it seems since then her pain tolerance has gone up — at least her physical pain tolerance has. And it left a mark, she didn't realise that it had until a few weeks after the fact. They were at Grimmauld Place and Aurelia had been taking an extra long shower to avoid Lyra when she stumbled across a patch skin that was many degrees cooler than the rest of her flesh. It almost had a lightning bolt look to it — almost like Harry's scar but it's on her ribs and it's more circular in shape with jagged edge that reached out a few centimetres across her annoyingly flat chest. The mark certainly isn't as cool to look at as Harry's is and it's a good thing that it's on her chest instead. "Voldemort wanted Cedric dead and Goyle was more than willingly to kill him but I wasn't. I wasn't going to let anyone kill Cedric, my friend and so I jumped in front of it." Neville lets out a horrified strangled gasp "You what?" "Kill the spare!" Aurelia rubs at her eyes, that bloody green light won't leave her alone. She keeps speed-walking down the streets of Hogsmeade, trying to get away from the crowds and shake the feeling that something horrid is going to happen; Neville keeps trailing behind her. "You what?" Neville repeats after a moment of silence. He certainly doesn't want to force anything out of her but she can't leave him hanging with that only that information. Neville about had a heart attack when she first said that she had been hit by the curse and knowing she willing jumped in front of it did nothing to help. Although she had obviously survived it, the thought of it alone was enough to make Neville cry. The crowds are starting to thin out, Aurelia's almost at the edge of Hogsmeade Village and she's got no intention of stopping. What she wants is to get back to Hogwarts, there's still a few hours left of the Hogsmeade trip but Aurelia doesn't want to sit around and wait for it to end. Aurelia nearly screams as someone grabs her from behind. It's only Neville, he's only hugging her but still, she remains on edge, waiting for something horrid because she knows something horrid is going to happen, she can feel it in her bones. Her heart races, for a split second she thought it was someone attacking her and the panic she felt had been enough to bring fresh tears to her eyes. "Let me go." Aurelia croaks out, feeling trapped in his hold. Neville lets go of her at once "What?" She can tell by the sound of his voice that he's crying and she hopes that it's not because she told him to let her go. Glancing over her shoulder, she's met with a red-faced Neville with tears rolling down his chubby cheeks and he's breathing heavily. "I'm sorry." They say at the same time. They both look away from each other, blushing. Neville picks up his pace so that he's now walking beside her, he clears his throat and wipes his eyes before speaking: "You didn't really step in front of a — of a bloody Killing Curse?" "Aye, I did." Aurelia says, nodding slowly. Neville gives another gasp of horror, tears threatening to fall once again "But — but, why? You — you could have —" "Died?" Aurelia says, "Aye, I know . . . But, I — I didn't want Cedric to die. I couldn't — I just couldn't let that happen and I just jumped in front of it. All I really cared about was saving Cedric. He would've done the same for me, I would do it again if I had to — I'd done the same for Mae, Ellie, you —" "You — you'd die for me?" Neville gasps, wide-eyed with awe as she stares at Aurelia. "Without a doubt." She doesn't hesitate, doesn't even blink and Neville's cheeks grow warm again, he gives her a small smile "I'd die for you too." He says it simply, he doesn't hesitate either, not as he says it. But, he wonders would he really be able to die for Aurelia if the time called for it; would he be brave enough? Aurelia gives him a lopsided grin "Please don't." "But, you said —" "Well, yeah, because you're worth it, Plant Boy." "So are you, Sunflower Girl." Aurelia smiles again, she extends her hand for Neville to hold, he smiles as well and intertwines their fingers together. They walk in silence for awhile, Neville not having the faintest clue where Aurelia's going but he follows her anyway. He hesitates before asking how she survived because he doesn't want to overwhelm her but eventually curiosity gets the best of him and he asks it nevertheless. At the question, Aurelia tenses up. After a few seconds she takes a deep breath and frowns; chewing on her lip she wonders if she should tell him what she is. What she has always been. A Donum Vitae — a Half-breed. She scowls thinking of the books Neville had given her, the books that he had gotten from Abigale. The books that informed her that she's a Half-breed, a type of rare species. The first (or last, honestly she's not sure which one she is) of her kind, her children would more than likely be Donum Vitae, meaning they'd become a magical species of quite the rarest forms. She's a Half-breed, her nose wrinkles at the thought, she not to happy about that revelation. "You don't have to tell me . . . If you don't want to." Neville says softly. Aurelia blinks "Uh, well . . . It's just that it's a . . . It's a long story." "Well, we've got time." Neville says, "If you want to tell me, that is." Aurelia chews on her lower lip again, rough enough to draw blood "Well. . ." Once again panic engulfs her, what if he thinks she's crazy or what if he doesn't believe her. "It was Blood Magic, which apparently isn't a myth, that's what save me . . ." She pauses, "That's what killed Cedric . . . The curse it — it just burned straight through me and killed him anyway . . . I couldn't save him . . . He didn't deserve to die." "Neither do you." They remind her of Cedric's words, she blinks back tears and sniffles. "Weren't you scared, though? That this Blood Magic thing wouldn't work?" "I didn't even know I had it until afterwards." Aurelia says. "So . . . You thought you were going to die for good and you just — you weren't scared?" "Terrified." Aurelia says, "I was terrified — I didn't want to bloody die. But, the thought — knowing that I was dying for someone I loved made it feel . . . Easy." Neville gives Aurelia a starry-eyed look, the kind of look George gives Elliot, Aurelia smiles softly at Neville, squeezing his hand. "Dying is easy . . . Much easier than what I'm going through now." "You don't have to face this on your own." Neville says, "I'm here for you . . . So is Olivia, Susan, and Hannah. You never have to go through this alone, we can help . . . I want to help." Aurelia smiles sadly, wishing more than anything she can tell him everything (he'd certainly change his mind then!), she leans over and kisses his cheek "Thank you." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is the saddest yet softest chapter I've ever written ALSO I'm sorry this chapter is short it just felt right for me to end it right there sksksks I'm so used to writing 3000+ words, this is barely 3000 words and I feel odd but if I didn't cut it off there I feel like the chapter wouldn't have been as good. I hope you can understand that and I hope you enjoyed it despite it being shorter than my usual chapters! Thanks for reading, I'd really appreciate it if you let me know what you thought of it! word count: 2939 ━━ REVIEWS: GUEST. "A life changing contact indeed. Nice to get inside Abigale's head for awhile and freaking Draco out was gold (so to speak). The Neville/Ari moment was so sweet. Those moments are needed to balance the nastiness around them so they are most welcome. Things are taking shape very nicely. Though, to hear lyra is going to get worse is horrifying. Well done again on a great chapter. Again, the detail speed these come out at is super impressive. I'm a song writer can tell a story in 3 or 4 minutes, but every time I've tried writing anything longer I crash burn. Massive kudos to you I look forward to the next chapter.": I love Abigale so much (I also love the pun you made) I have a story planned for her because I love her so much however I'm not sure when I'll be publishing it, I have the prologue done and everything but I'm trying to wait until I have at least five prewritten chapters before I do that (also I have to wait until a certain thing about Abigale is revealed to do that *insert winky face*) Yes, Lyra is indeed going to get worse but she's going to hit her peak in the sequel so it won't get too horrifying until then but it's gonna be pretty bad especially for Aurelia in the meantime! Thanks for reviewing, I'm so glad you enjoyed the last chapter and I hope you enjoyed this one! BELLATRIXSBLACK. "Abigale is hiding something but we been knew! Honestly I lowkey love her relationship with Draco! We love constantly-annoyed-with-each-other best friends! LISTEN THAT OUTSIDERS REFERENCE BROKE MY SOUL! JOHNNY CADE DESERVED BETTER! I love Nevari so mcuh aw GOD please let them get together soon I don't care how much angst will be involved when everything comes to the surface, I just want my babies dating! Great chapter! Can't wait for the next one to rip out my heart like this one did!": The outsiders broke my heart too, I just thought it'd be so fitting (even if Neville doesn't really understand it) it won't be the last time I quote it, there will be another time and it will be sadder in context so enjoy that little spoiler! Abigale and Draco's relationship is the best, you better believe Abigale is hiding something: but what is she hiding is the real question? Thank you for leaving a review, I hope you enjoyed this chapter as well!
THE NEXT MORNING AURELIA WAKES UP WITH stiff limbs and a near blinding headache — walking all the way back to Hogwarts was a bad idea. She realises, when she crawls out of bed just after noon, that the full moon is in two days. Aurelia throws on an ABBA t-shirt she totally stole from Mae and jeans that are practically falling apart — how fitting considering that state of her life. After getting dressed, she sits on the bed for a solid hour, just staring at her reddish combat boots, memories swimming in her head. Aurelia's tired and sad but also kind of numb — with the memories on her mind, she feels like she should feel more sad. Olivia comes storming into their dorm, angry with Nat. She's trembling with rage, slamming the door and letting out a frustrated screech. Olivia stops mid-screech realising that Aurelia's in there with her, only she doesn't seem to realise that Olivia's in there too; she hadn't even flinched at Olivia's scream. "Blue?" No response, Aurelia's still as a statue, Olivia frowns "Hey, Blue?" Still, nothing. Olivia stomps over and nudges Aurelia. This does the trick, Aurelia comes out of her daze, blinking repeatedly. Huh? Wh — oh, hey, Liv." "Hey . . . Uh, you okay there, Blue?" Aurelia nods slowly, she feels like she's in a dream her entire body feels weird, like it's not her own, she frowns "Aye . . . I'm alright, I'm just tried . . . What's wrong with you, you look quite angry?" "Oh, I am!" Olivia says, "Guess what Wilkes just called me?!" "Wilkes as in our Wilkes? Or her demon little sister?" Olivia laughs angrily "No, our Wilkes — she called me a Mudblood!" "What?" "I know!" Olivia shrieks, crossing her arms over her chest. Aurelia chews on her lower lip, a horrible realisation dawning on her "Well, she is a Wilkes." "Okay, and?!" "Her family were with the Death-Eaters, her parents weren't Death-Eaters but her aunts or uncles were? During the first war, her parents were very quiet, they didn't speak for Voldemort nor did they speak against him. It kept them safe —" "Okay, and what does this have to do with right now?" "It's the reason she's ignoring us, I think, we were so sure that it was because she thought I murdered Cedric or because she didn't believe Voldemort is back. She knows that Voldemort is back and so do her parents and they're going back to their old ways." "So, she called me a slur because she's doing some bonding time with her family and joining wizard Hitler." Aurelia frowns "She shouldn't have called you that. But . . . No, I don't think they'll be joining him, they'll be going quiet like they did during the first war." "So, they're cowards?" Olivia says bitingly. Aurelia sighs "No, not exactly . . . They're just trying to survive they only way they know how but Nat shouldn't have called you that, it was wrong." "What the entire Wilkes family is doing is wrong!" "Yes and no." Aurelia says, "You wouldn't understand it, neither would I because we both want to fight back, we don't want to sit back and do nothing as Voldemort continues to rise — the Wilkes just want to survive. With Voldemort back and the Death-Eaters in their families the best way for them to do that is keep their mouthes shut. It's not cowardice, it's self-preservation — which is something I apparently don't have a lot of so I can't really understand their actions but I don't . . . It's complicated, Liv." "She called me a Mudblood, Blue." Olivia says, eyes glossy. "Do you want me to fight her?" Olivia shakes her head, her lips tugging up into a small smile "Nah, Blue, I can't risk you getting anymore detentions because knowing your luck you'd end up with Umbitch. Besides, I already did that . . . Nat and I know have detentions with the heads of our houses. At least we won't be together. So, I got detention tonight, we weren't practicing Quidditch tonight, were we?" "Sweet Merlin — uh, no. Not tonight, we'll be practicing on Wednesday." Aurelia says, "You're good." "Great, I'll be able to take the rest of my anger out then." Olivia says, giving Aurelia a watery smile. They both laugh albeit nervously, they feel as though they've just lost a friend. Of course people can change and Nat, if Aurelia's correct in her theory, is only doing this for the safety of her family then there's still hope for her. But, Aurelia's not going to hold onto that, hope has been kind of bullshit for her these past few months. That's not to say Aurelia is going to give up on Nat, if in the future Nat comes back around, Aurelia knows that deep down she'd be willing to forgive her. Until that happens Aurelia's going to give Nat the same treatment she's been giving them. "Whatever." Olivia says after a pause, "I'm going to have a shower and you should head down to the great hall, Longbottom's at our table waiting for you. Blue, he looks so awkward, please go save him." "Right, I will." Aurelia says then gives Olivia a reassuring smile, "Hey, Liv, don't listen to her." "Of course not." Olivia says, waving her hands dismissively. Aurelia knows that Olivia is more hurt by this than usual. Normally Olivia just rolls her eyes and flips them off whenever someone calls her a Mudblood. However since it had been said by Nat, it's clear Olivia isn't taking it very well. "I'm way better than her, Mudblood or not." They laugh again. Olivia then grabs some new clothes and heads off to the showers and Aurelia throws her books and walkman into her messenger bag and heads down to the Great Hall. As Olivia had said, Neville's sitting alone at the Hufflepuff table. He's making a flower crown but he perks up when he sees her, dropping the flower crown to wave eagerly at Aurelia. "'Ello, Plant Boy!" She says, waving right back at him. She approaches the table, with a wide smile on her face. "Hi, Sunflower Girl!" Aurelia grins at Neville "Are you busy today?" He shakes his head and her mischievous grin widens. "Groovy!" Aurelia says. "Groovy? Did you just say groovy?" Aurelia blinks "Aye . . . I guess I just did . . . Maybe, Ellie was right I did watch too much Scooby-Doo this summer — anyway, I figured out how to make my walkman work through Blood Magic!" "Really?" Neville says, clearly impressed. "Aye, Plant Boy! It works, the sound quality is rather iffy though. It's either because I didn't do the spell correctly enough or perhaps the spells that corrupt electronics around here are strong enough to rival Blood Magic. But, it's enough for me to be able to listen to Come on Eileen and pretend like I'm actually happy for once." Neville gives her a concerned look which she ignores. Aurelia, for once, is trying not to let herself ruin the somewhat happy mood she's in. "And since you're not busy today I'm gonna show you ABBA?" "ABBA?" Aurelia looks like a little kid on Christmas morning "ABBA — Muggle band! Thanks to mum, I'm sure the lyrics to Dancing Queen are engraved in my D.N.A and one has not lived until they've listened to Waterloo!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Much to Neville's delight they spend all of Sunday together, spending it listening to ABBA (a Muggle band that Aurelia knows almost everything about, no surprise there, she's smart like that) and Neville enjoyed every moment of it. Especially when she had gotten up on his bed to dance to a song, she had said is called 'Honey, Honey' using a hairbrush as microphone and everything. Aurelia had surprisingly stayed happy most of the day, Neville's smiling and actually enjoying ABBA had gotten her through most of it, that and, the fact she had actually been able to wield Blood Magic on her own. (Unbeknownst to Aurelia, Neville had enjoyed Aurelia smiling like the sun and being happy more than he had enjoyed the music. Although he had to admit Waterloo is pretty catchy — mostly because Aurelia says it's her favourite song ever) Now it's Monday morning and upon exiting her dorm Aurelia's greeted by her three red-faced friends, before she can ask what's wrong Hannah, Susan, and Olivia have dragged her over to a small crowd of students standing near the Hufflepuff notice board, her stomach churns and she knows that whatever it is, it's not good. A large sign has been posted to the noticeboard; so large it covers everything else on it — the lists of secondhand spellbooks for sale, the regular reminders of school rules from Argus Filch, the Quidditch team training timetable, the offers to barter certain Chocolate Frog Cards for others, the Weasleys' advertisement for testers they had asked Aurelia to pin there, the dates of the Hogsmeade weekends, and the lost and found notices. The new sign that's printed in large black letters and highly official-looking seal at the bottom beside a neat and curly signature, reads as: BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS All student organizations, societies, teams, groups and clubs are henceforth disbanded. An organization, society, team, group or club is hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or more students. Permission to re-form may be sought from the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge). No student organization, society, team, group or club may exist without the knowledge and approval of the High Inquisitor. Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an organization, society, team, group or club that has not been approved by the High Inquisitor will be expelled. The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor "Shit." Aurelia mumbles, glancing at her three friends "Do you think —" "Smith." Olivia says darkly, cutting off Aurelia's question but still answering it as though she had known exactly what Aurelia was about to ask. "It wasn't me." Zacharias mutters from behind them, "I'm not that much of a little bitch." The four girls turn on him, giving him dirty looks. "Well," Hannah mutters under her breath, "At least he's self-aware." Aurelia rolls her eyes "You sure acted like one back at Hogshead." "Whatever." Zacharias says, rolling his eyes as well. "I can't believe she has the same middle name as me." Olivia whispers, looking very offended by this fact. "Let's pretend we believe Smith's word." Aurelia begins, glaring at the Zacharias, who's leaving the common room as she speaks, "Who could've snitched on us?" Olivia bites her lip, avoiding eye contact with Aurelia "No offence to Abigale or anything but it could be her. She gives off some shady vibes plus, she's a Slytherin." Aurelia shakes her head, sighing: "Not all Slytherins are bad, Liv. Plus, she knew about this long before we did if she did tell she would've done it sooner. But, I suppose we can't rule it out." Olivia looks relieved "Oh, thank God, I thought you would yell at me for blaming your girlfriend." Aurelia laughs lightly "No, no of course not. I'm sure Ron and Harry will be doing the same." "We should go get breakfast, we can sit at the Gryffindor table and then we can find out what Harry and them have to say about this." Susan suggests and the others make noises of agreements. Olivia, Hannah, and Susan all turn and leave the common room. Aurelia stays behind just for a few moments, glancing over the sign once more. "Well, two can play that game, Dolores." Aurelia says, it's time for her to raise hell. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Turns out no one had blabbed because Hermione had put a jinx or something on the list — which Aurelia finds to be quite fucked up but she doesn't say anything in fear of getting kicked out of their little group. Harry seems to distrust her, Hermione's still a little on edge with because of their little 'argument', Ron's the only one out of the little trio who interacts with her. After Harry assures everyone that they'll still be doing their group when they find a place, everyone goes about there day. Aurelia and Neville sit together during History of Magic which goes quite strangely with Harry's owl showing up with an injured wing and Harry had to leave to get the poor owl help. When that class ends, they go their separate ways. Aurelia kisses him on the cheek before departing for her classes, leaving Neville feeling quite giddy. However, his giddy mood is quickly ruined by Aurelia's twin, Draco. Neville had been heading down to potions along with Harry and the other Gryffindors, and everyone can hear Draco Malfoy going on about how the Slytherin Quidditch had gained Professor Umbridge's permission to play the Quidditch season already; it's no doubt an attempt to piss Harry and Ron off. Hermione tells them not to do anything. Neville finds himself, yet again, wondering why Draco is so mean and heartless compared to Aurelia. "I mean." Draco says, raising his voice a little more, his grey eyes glittering malevolently in Harry and Ron's direction, "If it's a question of influence with the Ministry, I don't think they've got much chance . . . From what my father says, they've been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur Weasley for years . . . And as for Potter —" "Draco, don't say it!" Abigale exclaims, looking absolutely livid. "My father says it's a matter of time before the Ministry has him carted off to St. Mungo's . . . Apparently, they've got a special ward for people whose brains have been addled by magic." Neville swears he sees red, Abigale gives him a look of concern. He's not exactly thinking straight as he pushes his way past Harry and Ron, his shoulder slams into Harry's, knocking him sideways. "Neville, no!" Harry cries as he leaps forward and seizes the back of Neville's robes; Neville struggles frantically, his fists flailing, trying desperately to get at Draco, who looks, for a moment, extremely shocked. A fiery feeling travels though Neville's veins, how dare Draco — how dare he talk about — "Help me!" Harry says to Ron, managing to get an arm around Neville's neck and dragging him backward, away from the Slytherins. Crabbe and Goyle flex their arms as they step in front of Draco, ready for the fight. Ron seizes Neville's arms, and together he and Harry succeed in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor line. Neville's face is scarlet; the pressure Harry exerts on his throat renders him nearly incomprehensible. "Not — funny — don't — Mungo's — show — him —" Abigale gives Draco a dark look, he glances at Neville, wondering what he had said to make the weak and usually quiet boy so angry. Before he can question Abigale what she knows about it he feels a sharp stinging on his cheek and it takes him a few seconds to realise that she had slapped him. "You're an insensitive git, Draco." She snaps, "That's for Neville and Aurelia by the way." Abigale saunters over to Neville, Harry, and Ron, she doesn't listen to Draco nor Pansy, who are calling her to come back. She grabs Neville's robes as he wrestles to get free from Harry and Ron. "Calm down, Neville. Snape'll be out in, like, any minute and you're going to get yourself in trouble." Abigale mutters but he doesn't calm down, he just wants to punch Draco for saying that, "Don't worry, Neville, Draco's an ass. Just imagine what Aurelia will do, like, when she finds out what he said. Oh boy, that's gonna be a real kicker, like, it's a —" "Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom, Montgomery?" Professor Snape says in his cold, sneering voice, "Ten points from Gryffindor and Slytherin. Release Longbottom, Potter and Montgomery, or it will be detention. Inside, all of you." Harry lets go of Neville, who stands up panting and glaring at him. Abigale releases her hold on his robes, she glances at him, a feeling of guilt in the pit of her stomach as she can hear his thoughts about his parents. Esrom could've stopped them, Abigale thinks, sighing sadly. "I had to stop you!" Harry says, "Crabbe and Goyle would've torn you apart." Neville says nothing, merely snatching up his own bag and stalking off into the dungeon. Abigale follows behind him, taking a seat next to him despite his annoyance. "If I was Harry, I would've let you kick his ass, I would've handled Crabbe and Goyle." Abigale whispers to him, only to be ignored. A few seconds go by and she tries speaking again. "When I was five there was a Muggle park nearby my mothers' old house . . . I reckon Draco and Aurelia would run off to it because they must've, like, lived close by or something, I was there one time they were. And, I was, like, climbing a tree and they didn't notice me, but Draco got stuck in a tube on the playground, he cried like a baby, Aurelia had to go get their mother to get him out." Abigale mumbles as she pulls out her potions textbook, "They don't know I was there so let's keep this between us but next time Draco says something mean to you, just remember that." Neville can't help the smile that tugs at his lips, he glances at Abigale, okay maybe she isn't as bad as I thought. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "See, I told you lot that Dobby knew a place." Abigale says, rocking back and fourth on her heels. She smiles at them knowingly, the Slytherin had joined them in their hunt for a place to practice. Harry had found the room that Aurelia had mentioned thanks to Dobby. So now, Aurelia, Abigale, Hermione, Ron, and Harry all stand on the seventh floor corridor. "Right." Hermione says, disbelief lacing her tone, "And why, exactly, couldn't you tell us yourself?" Abigale grins "A proper Seer never messes with the timeline." Her shit-eating grin tells Aurelia that Abigale thinks those words are bullshit. Not to mention, Aurelia's watched her fuck with the 'timeline' many times. Hermione opens her mouth to say something but Harry cuts her off "Hold it — I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." Harry taps the Marauders' Map and Aurelia watches in amazement as a map of Hogwarts appears on the blank surface of the parchment; tiny black moving dots, labeled with names, show where various people are. "Filch is on the second floor." Harry says, holding the map close to his eyes, "And Mrs. Norris is on the fourth." "And Umbridge?" Hermione wonders anxiously. "The pink demon is in her office." Abigale says, not even sparing a glance at the map as she examines her pink nails. "Montgomery's right, she's in her office." Harry replies, pointing at a place on the map, "Okay, let's go." They hurry along the corridor to the place Dobby had described to Harry, a stretch of blank wall opposite an enormous tapestry depicting Barnabas the Barmy's foolish attempt to train trolls for the ballet. "Okay" Harry mumbles quietly, while a moth-eaten troll pauses in his relentless clubbing of the would-be ballet teacher to watch them, "Dobby said to walk past this bit of wall three times, concentrating hard on what we need." And so the five of them do so, turning sharply at the window just beyond the blank stretch of wall, then at the man-sized vase on its other side. Abigale paces, breezily with a blank expression reminding Aurelia of a ghost, Ron's got his eyes screwed up in concentration, Hermione whispers something under her breath, Harry's fists are clenched at his sides as he stares ahead, Aurelia thinks about a room where they can all go to train and defend themselves and so she can kick Umbridge's racist, pink-clad ass. "Harry!" Hermione says sharply, as they wheel around after their third walk past. A highly polished door had appeared on the wall. Ron stares at it, looking slightly wary. Harry reaches out, seized the brass handle, pulls open the door and leads the way into a spacious room lit with flickering torches like those that illuminate the dungeons eight floors below. Aurelia studies the room that had appeared before them, a look of shock on her face. "Now, this is neat-o." Abigale says, smiling brightly as she looks around the room. The walls are lined with wooden bookcases and instead of chairs, there are large silk cushions on the floor. A set of shelves at the far end of the room carry a range of instruments such as Sneakoscopes, Secrecy Sensors and a large, cracked Foe-Glass that reminds Aurelia of the one Professor Moody (cough, Barty Crouch Jr. the little bitch, cough) had in his office, the previous year. "These will be good when we're practicing Stunning!" Ron says enthusiastically, prodding one of the cushions with his foot. Aurelia nods in agreement, she's quite good at the stunning spell. "And just look at these books!" Hermione exclaims excitedly, running a finger along the spines of the large leather-bound tomes. "A Compendium of Common Curses and their Counter-Actions . . . The Dark Arts Outsmarted . . . Self-Defensive Spellwork. . . Wow. . ." And without further ado, Hermione slides 'Jinxes for the Jinxed' from its shelf, sinks onto the nearest cushion and begins to read. There's a gentle knock on the door, Aurelia looks over at the door to see that Ginny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati, Dean, and Olivia have arrived. Neville quickly makes his over to Aurelia's side "Hello, Ari, you look nice today, your hair is the color of a sunflower, it's different but — but not in a bad way, it's really pretty." he rambles, gesturing to Aurelia's sunshine-yellow hair and her knitted sweater of Van Gogh's Twelve Sunflowers in Vase. Aurelia hides her blush behind her hands. Abigale snickers quietly, nudging Aurelia's ribs and whispering: "You're in looove!" "Thanks, Nev, that was my aim. Actually, I was trying to be a Van Gogh painting but since he painted sunflowers that works too. After all, sunflowers are my —" "Your favorite flower, I know." Neville says, face turning even redder. "Whoa! What is this place?" Dean says impressed, as he looks around the room. The group fall quiet as Harry jumps into an explanation, but before he had finished more people had arrived and so he has to start all over again. By the time eight o'clock arrived, every cushion is occupied, Aurelia feels giddy as she watches Harry move across the room to the door and turn the key protruding from the lock; it clicks in a satisfyingly loud way. Hermione carefully marks her page of 'Jinxes for the Jinxed' and sets the book aside to give all her attention to Harry. "Well," Harry begins, looking and sounding slightly nervous "This is the place we've found for practice sessions, and you've — er — obviously found it okay." "It's fantastic!" Cho says, and several people murmur their agreement, including Aurelia. "It's bizarre." Fred comments with a frown, "We once hid from Filch in here, remember, George? But it was just a broom cupboard then." "Hey, Harry, what's this stuff?" Dean questions, indicating the Sneakoscopes and the Foe-Glass. "Dark detectors." Harry explains, stepping between the cushions to reach them "Basically they all show when Dark wizards or enemies are around, but you don't want to rely on them too much, they can be fooled." Aurelia looks away from Harry to see Hermione raise her hand, she bites back a laugh, of course she'd raise her hand. "Well, I've been thinking about the sort of stuff we ought to do first and — er — what, Hermione?" Harry says, stopping as he notices her raised hand. "I think we ought to elect a leader." Hermione suggests. "Harry and Aurelia are our leaders." Cho says, looking at Hermione as though she was mad. Aurelia blinks, surprised by the fact that Cho thinks she should be later. "Yes, but I think we ought to vote on it properly." Hermione replies, not bothered by the look Cho gives her, "It makes it formal and it gives them authority. So everyone who thinks Harry and Aurelia ought to be our leaders?" Surprisingly, everybody puts up their hands, even Zacharias Smith, although he does so half-heartedly. Aurelia blushes, shifting uncomfortably, she hadn't expected people to actually want her as a leader. "Er — right, thanks," Harry mumbles turning red, "And — what, Hermione?" "I also think we ought to have a name!" She says brightly, hand still in the air, "It would promote a feeling of team spirit and unity, don't you think?" "Can we be the Anti-Umbridge League?" Angelina says hopefully and Aurelia snickers, giving the older girl a look of approval. "Or the Ministry of Magic are Morons Group?" Fred suggests earning another snicker from Aurelia. "Oooh, that was good." Aurelia says, reaching out to high-five him, "I definitely vote for Fred's. Hands down." "I was thinking." Hermione cuts in, frowning at Fred, "More of a name that didn't tell everyone what we were up to, so we can refer to it safely outside meetings." "The Defense Association?" Cho suggests, "The D.A. for short, so nobody knows what we're talking about?" "Yeah, the D.A.'s good." Ginny agrees, "Only let's make it stand for Dumbledore's Army because that's the Ministry's worst fear, isn't it?" There's a good deal of appreciative murmuring and laughter at this. "All in favor of the D.A.?" Hermione says bossily, kneeling upon her cushion to count, "That's a majority — motion passed!" Abigale leans over and whispers in Aurelia's ear "Harry's gonna have us partner up in a minute or so, you should go with Neville, I'll go with Harry." Aurelia nods, whispering: "Y'know if you spent half as much time trying to get Neville and me together and tried to flirt more with Pansy, you'd probably be together by now." Abigale laughs softly, mumbling: "Please, she doesn't understand that I'm flirting with her, it's not even funny anymore. If I had a galleon for every time I flirted with Pansy and she thought I was being 'friendly' I'd be rich by now." Aurelia snickers. "Right." Harry says, "Shall we get practicing then? I was thinking, the first thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the Disarming Charm. I know it's pretty basic but I've found it really useful —" "Oh, please!" Zacharias says, rolling his eyes and folding his arms, "I don't think Expelliarmus is exactly going to help us against You-Know-Who, do you?" Aurelia goes to snap at the boy but Abigale places a hand over her mouth. "I've used it against him." Harry says quietly, "It saved my life in June." Zacharias opens his mouth then closes it, the rest of the room becomes very quiet. "But if you think it's beneath you, you can leave," Harry says. No one moves, Harry continues: "Okay, I reckon we should all divide into pairs and practice." Aurelia instantly offers to practice with Neville which left Abigale partnerless. "Shouldn't you go with your 'girlfriend'?" Neville teases, glancing at Abigale who's approached by Harry. "Oh, hush, Plant Boy." Aurelia says, rolling her eyes. Neville grins "Is her plan even working, does Parkinson actually think you two are dating?" Aurelia shrugs "I'm not sure . . . She's too preoccupied trying to get us together but really —" "I really like her." Neville says, then tenses because he hadn't meant to say that out loud. Aurelia blushes, giving Neville a flustered smile "Uh, I — we should get ready — you know to, uh —" Neville, red as a tomato, nods "Yeah, practice, um, tot — totally." The two of them stand a foot or so apart as they wait for Harry's cue to start, he counts down and suddenly the room is full of shouts of 'Expelliarmus'. Wands fly in all directions; missed spells hit books on shelves and send them flying into the air. Aurelia's too quick for Neville, whose wand goes spinning out of his hand, hits the ceiling in a shower of sparks and lands with a clatter on top of a bookshelf, although Neville's a bit disappointed that he had been unable to get it but he's rather impressed that she had been so quick. She gives him a small smile as she goes to retrieve his wand, picking up the wand Aurelia quickly notice that it's oddly very worn out, she raises an eyebrow as she wonders just how it had gotten so worn out in such a short time. "Hey, Neville?" She says walking back over to him, "Why's your wand so worn out, you've only had it for five years now, haven't you?" "Oh." He mumbles softly, "Oh, well, that was my dad's wand." Her eyes widen, hair turning white as she shoves the wand back into his hand. That's the bloody wand that had tried to fend off her mother and her fellow Death-Eaters, there's a lump in her throat in her throat and she feels like she might cry. That thought is overwhelming, too overwhelming — she goes numb. Neville looks on in concern as her face becomes blank and she moves slowly to back to her spot "Are you alright?" Aurelia doesn't respond, she just stares blankly at the ground, so he asks the question a little louder this time, she blinks. "Huh?" "I asked if you were alright, Ari?" "Oh, I just got a really bad headache, it's probably the noise in the room." She lies, sounding hollow. He goes to suggest that maybe she leave the room but she says: "C'mon, let's try again!" It's your fault! her mind screams, I bet that wand put up a good fight against your mother — fucking hell — stop! "Expelliarmus!" Neville yells, and Aurelia caught unaware, feels her wand fly out of her hand "I did it!" Neville cries gleefully, "I've never done it before — I did it!" He looks so proud of himself and she feels her heart swell and burst at the wide smile on his face. "Well done, Neville." She says, beaming as she picks up her wand. They go at it for another round, he's unable to get her after that. The two of them only come to a stop when they're startled by Harry who blows a whistle to gain everyone's attention. "That wasn't bad." Harry says, "But there's definite room for improvement. Let's try again." And so they do. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Cho and Ron being inclusive of Aurelia? We stan it. Listen Aurelia loves ABBA so much, it's her favourite band although she's more of Green Day kind of girl (like Basketcase is her anthem) but she doesn't know too much about Green Day so ABBA is like her band. Technically it's her family's band. The Macleods go hard for ABBA! Also Waterloo is Aurelia and Neville's song, sorry I don't make the rules. Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the chapter, please let me know what you thought of it? word count: 5649
AURELIA ENJOYS TEACHING, SHE'S GOOD AT IT, a natural — although sometimes she gets a little distracted and starts going on about the history of the spell or a historical event where the spell was heavily used in. But, besides that she makes a bloody good teacher; if only she was that good at duelling against Goyle. Teaching Dumbledore's Army has given Aurelia a purpose, it brings a warm feeling to her chest. It gets even better when they start warming up to her, they stop giving her weird looks and whispering behind her back when they think she can't hear them. "I just — I finally feel like I could be a good person." Aurelia confesses to Neville one night while they're working on homework in the Gryffindor Common Room, Neville sighs as he looks from his Herbology essay to the hopeful look on Aurelia's face. "You are a good person, Ari." "Nah, Plant Boy, I'm not a good person but . . . I think I could be on my way to being one." Neville goes to argue but he pauses, that's an improvement from her usual 'I'm not a good person, I'll never be a good person' tangent, so he smiles instead and says: "Well, it shouldn't take you long because you're already quite great." Aurelia smiles as well "Aye, I reckon I'll be making myself gold in no time." Neville nods encouragingly. "Mum used to tell me that all the time — take the best parts of myself and make them gold and ain't that what I'm doing right now — with the D.A, I mean. I'm taking what I'm good at and sharing it with others all the while improving on it myself?" Neville nods again. "I think I finally have a chance of proving myself. I'll finally been seen as a good person." Aurelia says, smilingly dreamily. Neville smiles back at her "I've always seen you as a good person." She gives him an appreciative smile "I know, Plant Boy," she places both her hands against Neville's chubby cheeks and adds in a a much softer tone, "Thank you." Neville inhales sharply, leaning forward and eyes fluttering shut, he wants to kiss her so badly. Aurelia smiles at the serene expression of Neville's face before leaning in and kissing his nose then she quickly pulls away. Neville grins goofily, placing his hand over her bandaged hand and suddenly Aurelia's eyes widen and she pulls away, jumping to her feet "Oh, shit!" "What?" Neville says worriedly, hoping it has nothing to do with him. "I forgot about my detention! Fuck, that pink demon is going to slaughter me!" "But, I thought last night was your last detention?" "Well," Aurelia sighs, "It was but then I told Umbridge to eat my shorts and I kind of used that quill to write that she was an entitled bitch who was undeserving of respect and well, now I have one more detention." "Ari —" "She deserves it!" "I know but you don't deserve to be hurt, you —" "She'd do it whether or not I put up at fight, she's targeting me because of my parents so I might as well give her a better reason to target me — the reason: me being a little rebel bitch." There's only a dull ache in her throat from the mention of her parents but that's mostly because she thought of Bellatrix and Remus when she said that, Aurelia swallows thickly, she hates this Cat's Tongue potion Lyra's forcing upon her. "You should still be careful." Neville tells her. "I'll try." Aurelia says with a false smile, "But, I make no promises!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It's a good thing that Aurelia makes no promises to Neville because she ends up with three more detentions with Umbridge. On the night of the third detention, Umbridge's daughter comes storming in halfway through. Umbridge calls her Dagna but she's quickly corrects her — it's Dagny. And despite the fact it seems the mother and daughter have a lot of issues, they've got a lot in common. Both of them are very short and very into pink and they both have an annoying voice. Although Dagny's voice is slightly less annoying and she's at least decent to look at — she doesn't look like a toad. Before Umbridge had kicked Aurelia out of detention to have a private discussion with her daughter, who Aurelia could obviously tell that Dagny didn't want to have anything to do with it, she got to hear a good chunk of the 'private' discussion. A lot of it mostly was just about various Umbridge family problems but Aurelia learns she's got a lot in common with Dagny too — shitty mothers and cool Squib guardians. Then Umbridge seems to remember that Aurelia's there and she tells her to leave, the last thing Aurelia hears before she leaves is Umbridge calling Dagny dim-witted for failing two years at Hogwarts and that's followed by Dagny's snappy, savage retort of: "Well, I must get it from you." And Aurelia almost laughs but she manages to repress it until she's a safe distance away from Umbridge's office, this probably saves her a week of more detentions. She doesn't get to laugh for very laugh because she's approached by a very pissed off Lyra; her amusement quickly turns to fear. "Where were you?" Lyra demands, narrowing her eyes as she stares Aurelia down. "In detention." Aurelia mumbles, looking at her feet. "You didn't come to my office tonight." Lyra says. "I had detention." "You should've come before like you always do." "I forgot." "I forgot." Lyra mocks, "What a load of rubbish." Aurelia gives a pained squeak as Lyra grabs her forearm and drags her down to her office. "You know, Aurelia Alice, this would be so much easier if you would just comply to my orders." "I don't want to do this anymore!" Aurelia says as she tries to pull herself free from Lyra, "I can't — I want you to stop, that potion it — it hurts me, just tell him, I don't care!" Lyra smiles cruelly "Oh, but you do, Aurelia Alice, you care a lot. Losing Neville as a friend would be like dying to you — pathetic. Just like your mother, she wouldn't have stood a chance without Maeve." "I am nothing like my mother, stop bringing her into this! I'm fucking tired of people bringing her up around me and I'm tired of this potions bullshit, I — I don't deserve this!" Aurelia screams, she tries to make it sound like she believes the last part when her voice cracks. "You do deserve this pain, Aurelia Alice!" Lyra hisses at her as she digs her nails into Aurelia's arm, "It's what you deserve for being who you are!" Aurelia laughs angrily "Bold of you to assume I know who I am, I don't fucking know who I am anymore and you're sitting here making my life hell for reasons I can't even understand! How am — how can I understand why you're doing this if I don't even know who I am?!" "You don't need to know who you other than the fact that you're a lie, Aurelia Alice, you just need to know that you deserve this." Aurelia scowls at Lyra, her stomach churns violently because Aurelia can't help but think that maybe she, sort of, kind of deserves this. "But, why the potion? Why not just tell him, wouldn't you just love to tell him that my mother is Bellatrix Lestrange and that I'm a horrible person — a monster! Wouldn't you just love that, Lyra, to be the one to destroy the relationship between Neville and I?!" "Oh, sweet, sweet, Aurelia Alice . . . No, no, no! He's not going to hate you because you're her daughter, oh no! The brat's too soft for that! He'll hate you for lying to him, he's never liked being lied, no since that incident but I suppose that's because I didn't do a good job at erasing his memories — no, he won't hate you for that, most likely not, at least. He'll hate you for lying to him which is what you're doing under this potion." "You —" Aurelia snarls, but she cuts herself off when a thought pops into her head. If Lyra is right and Neville doesn't hate her for being Bellatrix's daughter but rather for thinking that's lying to him then maybe there's a chance things won't be too bad. If he hates her for lying then there's a chance after some time goes by, after he finds out, that he cools down and then she'll be able to talk to him and tell him what Lyra's doing and then they'll be friends again. But, Aurelia has little hope that what Lyra says is true because Lyra doesn't know Neville, not the way that Aurelia does. Therefore her opinion matters very little because she wouldn't truly know if Neville would hate her or not, Lyra doesn't know Neville or care to know him. Aurelia doesn't think even she knows and she knows Neville best of all. She thinks he's going to hate her for being Bellatrix's daughter and rightfully so, it's the horrible thought she clings to — him hating her because of Bellatrix. But there's a part of her that clings to her faith in their friendship that he'll still want to be her friend despite being related to the woman who ruined his life. They've been friends for so long and he's stood by her through so much of her bullshit so possibly they can make it through this? "You what?" Lyra hisses, "What am I, Aurelia Alice?" Aurelia scowls, squeaking in pain as Lyra's nails puncture her skin "Nothing." Lyra's grey eyes glint maliciously, shoving Aurelia into her office, she says "That's what I thought." "I think you're wrong." Aurelia says and she really does, "I think Neville will hate me for being Bellatrix's daughter." Lyra pushes her down into her office chair then turns around to grab a flask of the Cat's Tongue. "I think you're very wrong," Aurelia says again, "I think he's going to hate me, no, I know he's going to hate me. So, why don't you quit it with this potions bullshit and just tell him?" Lyra smirks "You're not as cunning as mother, little Aurelia Alice, I know what you're playing at." "What I'm playing at?! What are you playing at?! You must know that this potion could kill me, do you even care?!" "I wish you were dead but I'm not going to kill you, it's much more fun to watch you suffer without your precious little Romeo. Besides if you were to suddenly drop dead then Remus would be sad and I can't have that . . ." Lyra forces a cup into Aurelia's hands, "Don't worry about this killing you, I know the proper dosages, I've had this planned for years, I know what I'm doing." "But, why the potion? Why not — why can't you just make up a story and make him hate since you don't believe being her daughter is enough?" "Oh, I know it's not enough," Lyra says with a grin, "It only took Dumbledore a sentence to convince Neville of her innocence — accidentally, of —" "What?" Aurelia screeches, her green eyes and blue hair going white in surprise, "What did you — what do you mean b — b — by that?" Lyra grins, twirling her wand in her hands, "You heard me, Aurelia Alice." "No, no. You know what, you can go fuck yourself, stop messing with my head!" Lyra laughs "Neville's too naive and you're too stubborn —" Her laughter is cut short, Aurelia throws the potion in her face, scowling "Don't fuck with my head, not like that —" A yelp escapes her lip as Lyra pushes her back down into the chair. Lyra towers above her, wand drawn and chest rising and falling rapidly; she looks murderous. She shakes her wand at Aurelia, hissing: "Get out!" "What?" "GET OUT!" Aurelia doesn't need to hear it again, she practically flings herself out of the office. Her head throbs and her limbs feel heavy as she scrambles down the corridor past corridor, she wipes tears from her eyes. Everything feels heavy from her limbs to her head and she just wants to sleep. But, Lyra never gave her the potion tonight, soon the last of the Cat's Tongue will leave her body and she'll be free to tell Neville everything. Her heart gives a painful jolt and her stomach churches violently, and Aurelia wonders if Lyra is right? Can she actually tell him, is she ready to tell him? Aurelia reckons it doesn't matter how she feels about it because Neville has a right to know who she really is, after all, the person he knows her as is technically a lie. Not completely but just enough that it can ruin everything, so Neville deserves to know. She takes a shaky breath, the last time she had Cat's Tongue was a little over twenty-four hours ago which means, from what she's read about it in that book and if Lyra really is giving her the proper amount, then it should be wearing off soon. Aurelia knows what she's got to do and that's tell Neville while she can. Her breath hitches in her throat at the thought of his reactions, they range from bad to horrid. Aurelia's hands shake and the walls seem to be closing in on her, she keeps telling herself that she's got to tell him, she repeats it over and over again; this only makes her feel more panicked. Aurelia's so lost in her thoughts that she doesn't notice that Neville's headed her way until she runs right into him. She jumps back, her gold hair flashes white then settles on blue "Oh, h — h — hello, nev — Neville!" Her voice shakes as badly as her body, she also sounds as though she's inhaled a shit ton of helium. Neville doesn't respond right away so she adds "What are you doing — I mean, it's late. I — I'm quite sure it's almost curfew, what're you do — doing out so — so l — late?" Aurelia curses herself for stuttering and sounding so nervous, when he fails to respond again, she glances up at him and her heart stops because he looks so angry. She knows it can't be anything to do with her, it's not possible but her body tenses up and something whispers to her that something bad is going to happen; what exactly, she doesn't know. He's never looked this angry before, Aurelia has never and she means never seen him look so angry. In fact, she never thought he'd be so angry that he'd actually shake in rage. "What — what's wrong, is it Draco? D — d — did he say something to you again? If you j — j — just let me t — t — talk to him, I promise that he w — w — won't say anything to you anymore — what?" Neville had mumbled something that Aurelia vaguely hears but she doesn't quite process, she swallows thickly and says: "What d — d — did you just say, I d — d — didn't quite —" "Lyra told me everything." Neville says, his voice filled with loathing, he breathes heavily and his chest rises and falls rapidly with each breath. He's breathing so heavily that Aurelia's certain, or rather, hoping she's heard him wrong — she can't have told him everything. It feels like someone's knocked the air out of her lungs, she chokes on her next words, she's vaguely aware of someone laughing but that's probably not real; it doesn't feel real. None of this feels real. Her blue hair fades to a greyish-gold colour, her head throbs even more; Lyra can't have told him. When would she have told him? But, look at him! He absolutely hates you, tears burn Aurelia's eyes, he knows, somehow Lyra told him and now he hates you! You were right, Aurelia inhales sharply, he absolutely loathes you! "What?" She chokes out. Neville rolls his eyes, scowling at her. He's not angry, no, he's livid. A sob escapes her lips and she shakes her head again, this can't be happening; this is not how it was supposed to go. "Are you deaf, Aurelia?" Neville says acidly, "Lyra told me everything, what else is that supposed to mean?" Despite being taller than him, Aurelia cowers before him, this is bad, this is bloody horrible. Her head feels so blurry, she doesn't know what to do or say, so she just cries and it hurts her chest to do so. "You're her daughter." "I — I — aye, I am." Aurelia says after a moment. There's still a dull pain in her throat from the remnants of the Cat's Tongue, but there shouldn't be since Neville knows now, the pain and the other effects of the potion are supposed to stop immediately when the truth is out of the bag — that's what the book said, so why does it still hurt? "You lied to me." "No! No, I — no!" Aurelia says, panicked, If you — you would please just l — l — listen, I wasn't lying, I — I never meant to hurt you, please understand that! It was Lyra —" "Well, you did! I guess you are just like the rest of your family!" Neville hisses at her with glossy, hate-filled eyes. Her breath catches in her throat, she's certain he could've punched her and it would've hurt less. She can't breathe, why is every word so hard to say? She shakes her head no and reaches out for him but he backs away from her "Nev, please, I didn't lie —" "Yes, you did. You failed to mention that everything you've ever told me has been one big fucking lie!" Aurelia flinches at the harshness of his tone — he swore at her, actually swore! All their years of friendship, everything they've done together, what they've been through, has gone down the drain. While Aurelia had been expecting this, it hurts way more than she thought it was going to. "N — n — Neville, p — p — please just listen to me, I d — d — didn't me to lie to you, I d — d — didn't want to, please listen to me for ten —" Aurelia says, still struggling to speak, it feels like someone's sitting on her chest. Neville cuts her off, he scowls and she knows that he doesn't want to hear it. They're over, their friendship means nothing to him now. "Don't! I don't care what you have to say to me, Lyra's told me everything!" "What Lyra t — t — told you is bullshit, I promise, Nev, please just — please listen to me —" "Listen to more of your lies?!" "No!" Aurelia exclaims, "No, Neville, I've — I would never lie to you — not about something like this!" "Oh, yeah! If you didn't want to lie to me then why weren't you the one to tell me, huh, Aurelia?! Why didn't you try harder to tell me, why didn't you push through it — write it down on paper —" Neville yells. Aurelia frowns, he's right, why didn't she try to write it down on paper? How could she not think of something as simple as that, you stupid, stupid girl! "Clearly you don't care about lying to me, you've never had a problem with it before, you haven't told me your therapist, Atticus Archer, you haven't told me why you got your nose pierced, you never told me about the werewolf attack or the bite —" "THAT'S DIFFERENT! — Wait, wait, did you — did you say werewolf bite?" Aurelia says, and she pauses to think, her panic subsiding slightly and turning into confusion because how could Neville know about the bite when even Lyra shouldn't know about that. In fact how does Neville even know her therapist's name, he shouldn't know that because Lyra doesn't know that — "What the fuck?" The hallway and Neville dissolve before her very eyes and suddenly she's back in Lyra's office, still sitting in that chair. Aurelia grips the arms of the chair tightly, slowly meeting Lyra's smug face. A meek whine escapes Aurelia's lips, her head still throbs but it doesn't feel as heavy and neither do her limbs "Wh — what w — w — was that? Wh — wh — where did —" "False memory." Lyra says as she lowers her wand, "You never left my office." Aurelia wants to scream, hex Lyra into oblivion but she's so tired and too focused on trying to breathe properly. Lyra smiles amusedly "False memories are my specialty, I couldn't resist trying it on you just once. Mother taught me how to make the most realistic false memories." "Why — why are you doing th — this to me?" Aurelia sobs, slumping down in the chair, unsure if she can fight Lyra anymore. "B — b — because I can, little Aurelia Alice." Lyra says mockingly, "And there's nothing you can do to stop me." "Fuck you." Aurelia says weakly. Lyra laughs "I will say watching that scene play our in your head was . . . Funny to day the least and seeing it happen makes it seem . . . Plausible." Aurelia's eyes widen "I — I — I thought you said that he w — w — wouldn't hate me, I — I thought you said he w — w — was too nice for that?" "Maybe I lied." "You — you mean t — t — to say that he is g — g — gonna hate me for for this, that he w — w — won't l — l — like me anymore?" Lyra smiles wide, looking akin to a shark "Maybe he won't." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: I have had THIS planned for a long time now and when y'all were freaking out about the quotes in the act two divider I was THRIVING because y'all had no idea what the context behind it was and that context is lyra is a BITCH and we're all ready to throw hands at her! I hate the fact that I have posted three chapters in a row starting with a 'D' because why do three chapters start with that letter it bugs me but HADESTOWN! word count: 3925
"EMPTY YOUR MIND." ABIGALE TELLS AURELIA FOR the fourth time that afternoon. Although she sounds a bit exasperated, she's been surprisingly patient with Aurelia. If it was Aurelia in her shoes, she would've given up days ago. They've been at it for a week now and the Occlumency lessons seem to be getting worse. Abigale is, once again, surprisingly good at Legilimency and Occlumency and she was more than willing to teach them to Aurelia who is doing good with the Legilimency lessons but the Occlumency lessons not so much. "I'm trying!" Aurelia says with a sigh, resting against the stone wall. "I know." Abigale says, "But, I'm more than sure that's hard for you to do when all you do is think about Neville bloody Longbottom! Why don't you just, like, talk to him?" "I'm sorry!" Aurelia says, blushing, "And, no, I can't!" Abigale rolls her eyes in a playful manner "It's been a week, Blue, I know what Lyra made you see hurt but Neville will never react like that, trust me." Aurelia frowns, laughing bitterly at Abigale's words. To say Lyra's little trick hurt Aurelia would be an understatement, Aurelia had a panic attack and she wouldn't have made it to the Hospital Wing if it hadn't been for Abigale and Theodore who just happened to be sneaking down to the kitchens when they had crossed paths. Madam Pomfrey made her stay in the Hospital Wing for the night under a Calming Draught and a Dreamless Sleep Potion. Then she proceeded to have another panic attack while unconscious, surrounded by strange ghost she didn't know the name of. Cedric, Aurelia Carrow, and Griselda were nowhere insight so felt extremely lonely and then she meant two of the McKinnons siblings that had been killed by Goyle — Michael and Marlene. They were nice, they kept her safe from the jaded ghosts but, Marlene looks exactly like Abigle so much so they could be twins. And of course, their resemblance can't be anything good. Although she hadn't really meant to, Aurelia had panicked. The entire McKinnon family were slaughtered by Death-Eaters upon Voldemort's orders so why the fuck do Abigale and Marlene look like they're twins? When she woke up the next morning Abigale was at her bedside offering to teach her Occlumency and Legilimency and Aurelia had agreed partly to humour her because there was no way Abigale could be that good at those things and partly as an excuse to avoid Neville because how can Aurelia face him knowing that could be an outcome to this situation. And thus, here Aurelia sits in an empty corridor with Abigale realising that she's shit at Occlumency and Abigale is phenomenal at it and also realising she's completely and utterly whipped for Neville. She may not be able to face him but she sure as hell can't stop thinking about him. "You're, like, so in love with with him." Abigale says, flashing her a teasing smile. Aurelia's cheeks grow warm and she smiles "Maybe I am." "You guys are like super cute." Abigale says, "Have you told him? Like how you feel, Blue?" Aurelia smile fades as she thinks about it. Despite the tournament, things had been much simpler, her feelings had been much simpler too. However, she can't remember ever telling, actually telling him how she feels not even when he told her. And this is unusual for her because she never forgets especially not something like that. "You should tell him how you feel, Blue. After the disastrous Quidditch game this afternoon, you march right up to Longbottom and declare your undying love for him." Abigale says, making dramatic hand gestures at the words 'undying love'. "I haven't even spoke — wait, what's going to happen at the Quidditch game?" Aurelia asks, distracted by Abigale's concerning forewarning. "Okay there, Queen of Avoidance!" Abigale says sarcastically, "We're talking about potentially getting the boy of your dreams and you're worried about the Quidditch game?! Listen, Blue, instead of trying to fight your cousin after the game go and get your plant boy!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Abigale is almost wrong, Aurelia tried to fight Draco before the Quidditch game, his 'Weasley is our king' crown-shaped badges make her furious and she almost starts at fight with him in the Great Hall. And she would have it had not been for Olivia and Abigale holding her back, Aurelia's rather certain, she heard Pansy chanting 'punch him' under her breath as she was dragged away from the Slytherin table. The Quidditch game is disastrous, Abigale's not wrong about that. The Slytherins sing a song that Abigale tells Aurelia and Olivia, Draco had made them practice for weeks. Aurelia, Olivia, and Abigale are huddled together as they watch the game with grim expressions. "— and it's Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington heading for goal, he's out of Bludger range with just the Keeper ahead —" Lee says, and a great swell of song rose from the Slytherin stands once more. "WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING, HE CANNOT BLOCK A SINGLE RING!" "— So it's the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper Weasley, brother of Beaters Fred and George, and a promising new talent on the team — come on, Ron!" But the scream of delight comes from the Slytherins' end: Ron dives wildly, his arms wide, and the Quaffle soars between them straight through Ron's central hoop. "Slytherin score!" Lee says amid the cheering and booing from the crowds below, "So that's ten to Slytherin — bad luck, Ron." The Slytherins sing even louder: "WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN, HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN!" "— and Gryffindor back in possession and it's Katie Bell tanking up the pitch —" Lee cries valiantly, though the singing is now so deafening that he can hardly make himself heard above it. "WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN WEASLEY IS OUR KING!" Aurelia buries her face into her cold hands, why is her brother — sorry, her cousin such a twat? "WEASLEY IS OUR KING, WEASLEY IS OUR KING! WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN!" "— it's Warrington again who passes to Pucey, Pucey's off past Spinnet, come on now, Angelina, you can take him - turns out you can't - but nice Bludger from Fred Weasley, I mean, George Weasley, oh, who cares, one of them, anyway, and Warrington drops the Quaffle and Katie Bell — er — drops it, too — so that's Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin Captain Montague takes the Quaffle and he's off up the pitch, come on now, Gryffindor, block him!" "WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING!" "— and Pucey's dodged Alicia again and he's heading straight for goal, stop it, Ron!" But, Ron doesn't stop it. "COME ON, RON! YOU'VE GOT THIS!" Aurelia screams, using her hands to project her voice, she's barely heard over the roar of a disappointed crowd. "Should you really give him that false hope?" Olivia says once Aurelia sits back down beside her. Aurelia gives her a look, firmly saying: "He's got this." Ron lets in two more goals. "— and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodges Pucey, ducks Montague, nice swerve, Katie, and she throws to Johnson, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, she's past Warrington, she's heading for goal, come on now, Angelina — GRYFFINDOR SCORE! It's forty-ten, forty-ten to Slytherin and Pucey has the Quaffle" Luna's ludicrous lion hat lets out a loud roar, it's extremely loud considering Luna's sitting on Olivia's other side. Aurelia jumps, for some reason it makes her think of the werewolf's snarls and she has to take a deep breath and tell herself it's only a lion hat. But, she still feels even more frazzled than before, between the hat and the roaring of the crowd Aurelia feels very overwhelmed by all the noise. "— Pucey throws to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Montague back to Pucey — Johnson intervenes, Johnson takes the Quaffle, Johnson to Bell, this looks good — I mean bad — Bells hit by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and it's Pucey in possession" "WEASLEY WAS BORN IN A BIN, HE ALWAYS LETS THE QUAFFLE IN! WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN!" Not too long after Harry catches the Snitch and the match is over, but Crabbe doesn't seem to get the message because he throws a Bludger at Harry. "You fucker!" Aurelia screams. Despite, Abigale and Olivia's protests, Aurelia starts heading down to the Quidditch Pitch. This must be what Abigale was referring to when she told Aurelia not to fight Draco, he's approaching Harry and Aurelia knows there's going to be a fight between them. And she's angry enough to get involved this time, fuck what Abigale said. "Or perhaps," Aurelia hears Draco saying as she gets to the bottom, "You can remember what your mother's house stank like, Potter, and Weasleys pigsty reminds you of it —" Aurelia gasps, both Harry and George launch themselves at Draco, using their fists, Angelina screams at them not too. Aurelia rushes forward and she's almost to the three of them when Abigale pulls her back. It takes all of Abigale's strength because Aurelia is a lot stronger than she expects. "What do you think you're doing?" Madam Hooch screams as she puts an end to the fight, "I've never seen behavior like it — back up to the castle, both of you, and straight to your Head of House's office! Go! Now." Madam Hooch turns on Aurelia, who's aggressively struggling in Abigale's hold "You'd be Malfoy's sister, wouldn't you be? Aurelia Black, yes? Well, Dumbledore would like a word with you in his office." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Apparently all the professors were told by Dumbledore to pass the message along to Aurelia because on the way up she passed Professor Flitwick and Professor Sinistra both tell her a similar message. And Aurelia finds herself very uneasy and angry by the time she gets to his office. She doesn't understand why he wants to speak with her, she hasn't done anything wrong. Entering the office she's met with sight of Dumbledore and Umbridge — ah, fuck this can't be good. Aurelia shakes in both anger and nerves as Dumbledore and Umbridge leer at her, they both look feverishly excited about something and that makes Aurelia feel very queasy. She scuffs her feet against the ground, biting her lip and she wants to stand tall but she feels very small "Why am I here?" "Did the professor who told you I needed to see you not tell you why I've requested to speak with you?" Dumbledore questions, sounding slightly exasperated as he spares a glance at Umbridge, Aurelia shakes her head. Dumbledore doesn't look like he's going to explain but it's not like he would get the chance to because Umbridge clears her throat and pulls out a long black envelope with the Ministry of Magic emblem on it in gold ink. Aurelia swallows thickly, recognising it as the official Ministry birth certificates, the ones used to properly track the actual blood statuses and parents of every witch and wizard ever. They can't be fooled like the ones that the families keep in their homes. Why the fuck have they brought her here to look at her birth certificate. It can't be anything good — well, fuck. Umbridge opens it up and pulls out the long form, her beady eyes read over the words on the paper, she smiles smugly and lowers the paper "So, tell me, Miss. Aurelia Black, who are you really?" "I don't know, why don't you tell me? After all, you're the one with my birth certificate." Aurelia says, mocking Umbridge's smug grin. Umbridge's beady eyes flash dangerous and Dumbledore makes a sound that could almost be laughter but he quickly turns it into a cough. "You disrespectful little half — girl!" Umbridge snaps, "Look at it then — tells what that is!" She shoves the certificate into Aurelia's hands, moving so quickly that Aurelia thinks she's going to curse her or hit her. She flinches and grabs onto the paper like it's her lifeline. The room is suddenly filled with a loud buzzing sound and it gets tense and something bad is going to happen. Aurelia is suddenly very aware of their staring, it feels like it's burning actual holes into her skin. "Well, Miss. Black, can you explain to us what that is?" Dumbledore says calmly, "Can you tell us how your certificate has been tampered with. Aurelia's eyes widen because that can't be true, you cannot tamper with a Ministry birth certificate, it's impossible. Dumbledore gestures to her to read the certificate and she looks down and sure enough it has been tampered with. Aurelia blinks, her Ministry birth certificate, the certificate that never lies nor can be tampered with, definitely has been tampered with. The faint purple glow that surrounds her name which reads 'Aurelia Alice Lupin' and her birthdate, are the tell-tale signs that someway, somehow someone has fucked with her bloody birth-certificate. But, why? Aurelia already knows about her birthday, Mae told her about that months ago but why is that glow surrounding her name as well. Shouldn't that be her proper name, why would Bellatrix tamper with it if there should've been know reason too? Was it because she was paranoid and did things that didn't make sense or was it to hide something much bigger? "I don't understand." Aurelia says quietly, glancing at Umbridge then to Dumbledore, "Why are you showing me this? I . . . I don't know what this means, I don't know what to tell you?" Dumbledore stares at Aurelia so intensely that it sends shivers down her spine, Aurelia hates him. She hates how he looks at her like she's a weapon or a pawn for him to use for his own gain. "I don't know." Aurelia says, shaking and clenching her fists at her sides. She lowers her eyes back to her birth certificate, why was it tampered with, she hates that they're showing her this and asking her why. She doesn't know why and even if she did why do they want to know. Why are they making her think about this? "Think harder, perhaps you do know." Dumbledore says softly, "Maybe no one has told you but perhaps there has been little hints as to why your mother tampered with your official Ministry birth certificate —" "How do I know it was my mother tampered with it, maybe it was a Ministry Official or maybe it was you!" Aurelia accuses, pointing a finger at Dumbledore. "Now why would I do that, Aurelia?" Dumbledore wonders, "What would I gain from changing your birth certificate, there is no way I would have had access to it. The only people who do are the Ministry Officials who work in that assigned area, your parents, or someone who has been given permission from your parents and your mother would never give me permission for that. Your mother, on the other had has plenty of reasons to change your birth certificate." "I think the more important question here, Professor Dumbledore, is how did Bellatrix Lestrange tamper with this birth certificate. It would take powerful magic to do so and that is more than concerning coming from Bellatrix Lestrange." Umbridge interjects in an overly sweet tone. "You are correct, Dolores, we do need to know how but perhaps knowing why Bellatrix changed it we will figure out how she did so." Dumbledore says, "Now, Aurelia, do you have any idea at all as to why your mother would do such a thing — perhaps, can you speak to snakes?" "What?" Aurelia says, confused and she shakes her head quickly "No, I'm terrified of snakes, I've only seen one snake in my life and I fainted because it bit me. I'm not snake charm, I'm a snake repeller if anything. What does that have to do with anything?" Dumbledore's eyes light up and Aurelia feels an overwhelming sense of dread, what did she say? She breathes in sharply and backs away from the two adults leering at her. "You fainted?" Dumbledore inquires, he not only looks like a child on Christmas morning, he sounds like one. His usual calm tone is laced with an unusual amount of excitement. Aurelia chokes on air, the room feels stuffy and it's happening again. The second time in a week "I need to go to the — to the Hospital Wing." Her heart thuds in her chest, breathing heavily and with every breath her chest aches. "That won't be necessary just yet." Umbridge says dismissively, "We only need you to answer a few more questions then you can do as you please." "I — " Aurelia whimpers, the words feel stuck in her throat, what is she supposed to say? She doesn't know what the questions are but she already knows that she doesn't have the answers for them. How is she to know how and why her unstable mother changed her birth certificate — who is she really? Her mother, from what she's heard, did a lot of things that didn't make sense but she had thought it did. "You fainted? Are you sure of that, Aurelia, the snake didn't speak to you at all or did you speak to the snake?" "I was a child, of course, I talked to the snake, I talked to every animal I came across because I thought they could understand me?" Aurelia snaps in one breath, "I had never seen a snake before that day, I thought it was cute and I picked it up and it didn't like that so — so it bit me and I — well, I fainted I was so surprised. The snake didn't speak to me, I'm not a Parseltongue, I'm certain of that." Dumbledore's twinkling eyes become dull, he seems to radiate disappointment. Why the fuck is he so disappointed for, Aurelia tries to think of a reason but her thoughts are so hard to focus on, why does it matter if she's Parseltongue? The only thing she'd find useful with it is being able to tell snakes to go fuck themselves because she doesn't trust them — especially not Garter snakes, they're the worst. "What does that have to do with my birth certificate?" Aurelia says, handing her birth certificate back to Umbridge. Sweet, Merlin is she done with Dumbledore's bullshit. "Well, if you were a Parseltongue it would explain why your birth certificate has been tampered with." Dumbledore says, almost dully. "How do you know for sure my mother tampered with it?" Aurelia questions boldly for someone who's on the verge of a full blown panic attack. "Your mother requested the help of an official to see your birth certificate, an official she Imperiused and she was caught by Frank Longbottom and Joseph McDonald. She however got away from them but it was then that Ministry noticed the purple glow." Dumbledore says. "Shit." Aurelia says, her breath catching in her throat. So that's why she killed McDonald meaning that's why she must — shit — but what was her mother trying to hide on her birth certificate. Ah shit, Aurelia swallows thickly, my entire life is a life. Again. That's it, that's got to to be it. "Do you know why she did this?" Aurelia shakes her head and both Dumbledore and Umbridge are annoyed with her answer, Umbridge is far worse at masking her annoyance, she stomps her little feet, repeating Dumbledore's question and Aurelia struggles to give her a verbal response. They ask her a few more questions which she fails to give them the answers they want so Dumbledore has no choice but to dismiss her. Who are you really? The office spins around Aurelia as she stumbles out of it, who are you really? She trips over her own feet too lost in her own thoughts and has to balance herself against the wall in front of her, what if it turns out her whole life is a lie again? Aurelia doesn't think she can handle that, she can't even handle breathing properly. Who are you really, Aurelia? Are you really who you think you are? ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Dumbledore is really out there blatantly saying fuck Aurelia lives he just doesn't give a shit about her feelings and there's like a reason for it because usually Dumbledore's on the down low with his manipulative behaviour with other people, however with poor Aurelia he doesn't really try. I'm curious as to what you think the changes in her birth certificate means? word count: 3591
"I SAW YOU FLIRTING WITH PARKINSON YESTERDAY in Potions." Neville says to Abigale Montgomery as they walk to their Care for Magical Creatures class, a sly smile grows on her face, so that's why he looked so foul this morning. "You're "dating" Aurelia you shouldn't be doing that." Neville says matter-of-factly, making air-quotes around the word 'dating'. "Isn't flirting with Parkinson going to ruin your plan?" "I wasn't flirting with Pansy." Abigale says, rolling her eyes. She'd never be bold enough to actually flirt with Pansy, "That's just how I talk to all my close friends. And no it will not ruin my plan — which is working by the way, just not as well as I thought it would. Anyway, the whole plan probably wasn't a good idea, anyway, Pansy is way out of my league." "Aurelia is way out of your league." Neville says, his eyes widen as he realises just how insulting that sounds, "N — no — no offence." She chuckles "Oh, I know Aurelia is way out of my league, she deserves someone way better than me." Abigale casts a glance at Neville as she says this — Just three weeks! — Of course, Neville won't realise that she's talking about him because sometimes he can be as oblivious as Potter but, it's the thought that counts. Before this year, Abigale had never really paid attention to Neville and Aurelia unless it was something about them coming from Pansy's mouth but since her little problem happened, she's found herself one hundred percent in their corner even though half of herself isn't. — "Merry Christmas, kiss me — kiss my ass! I meant 'kiss my ass' I sw —" — Abigale also thinks that they could be a bit more trustworthy towards her because she genuinely wants to help but she reckons she can't blame them with the way she went up getting their attention. — Only three weeks and you can put this tragic thing behind you and continue pining after Pansy. — Of course, Abigale will still stick around to help Aurelia out because Merlin knows she's going to need it but it will be nice to end their whole fake-dating scheme because it was a horrible idea to begin with and Abigale still can't believe she went through with it, what on Earth was she thinking? "We're workin' in here today." Hagrid announces happily. distracting Abigale from her thoughts, he jerks his head in the direction of the forbidden forest, "Bit more sheltered. Anyways they prefer the dark." "What prefers the dark?" Draco says sharply, looking to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic in his voice, "What did he say prefers the dark did — did you hear?" Abigale rolls her eyes at her friend "And he calls you a scaredy cat." she quips to Neville. "Ready?" Hagrid questions cheerfully, looking around at the class. "Right, well, I've bin savin' a trip inter the Forest fer yer fifth year. Thought we'd go an' see these creatures in their natural habitat. Now, what we're studyin' today is pretty rare, I reckon I'm probably the on'y person in Britain who's managed ter train 'em." "And you're sure they're trained, are you?" Draco wonders, the panic in his voice even more pronounced, "Only it wouldn't be the first time you'd brought wild stuff to class, would it?" The Slytherins murmur in agreement and a few Gryffindors look as though they thought Malfoy had a fair point, too. Abigale sends the blond a withering glare earning a flinch from him. "Course they're trained." Hagrid replies, scowling as he hoists the dead cow a little higher on his shoulder. "So what happened to your face, then?" Draco demands to know. "Mind yer own business!" Hagrid says angrily, "Now, if yeh've finished askin' stupid questions, follow me!" They walk for about ten minutes until they reach a place where the trees stand so close together that it's as dark as twilight and there's no snow at all on the ground. With a grunt, Hagrid deposits his half a cow on the ground, steps back and turns to face his class, most of whom are creeping from tree to tree towards him, peering around nervously as though expecting to be set upon at any moment. "Gather roun', gather roun'." Hagrid encourages, "Now, they'll be attracted by the smell o' the meat but I'm goin' ter give 'em a call anyway, 'cause they'll like ter know it's me." He turns, shakes his shaggy head to get the hair out of his face and gives an odd, shrieking cry that echoes through the dark trees like the call of some monstrous bird. Nobody laughs: most of them look too scared to make a sound. Hagrid gives the shrieking cry again. A minute passes in which the class continued to peer nervously over their shoulders and around trees for a first glimpse of whatever it was that's coming. From the corner of her eye she can see Potter nudge Weasley and point at something between the trees, she also notices Neville grow pale from beside her. "What — what is it?" Abigale asks, she can't see anything but she has a feeling she knows what it is. "Thestrals." Neville says weakly. Abigale looks around at the class to see just how many can see them, her eyes meet Theodore Nott's lanky frame, he's looking at a Thestral, at least she guesses he is, with great distaste. "Only people who've seen death can see them, right?" Abigale questions Neville, who nods slowly, he can't seem to take his eyes off them no matter how uneasy they seem to make him feel. "Oh, an' here comes another one!" Hagrid announces proudly, "Now . . . put yer hands up, who can see 'em?" Potter raises his hand and Hagrid nods at him, slowly Neville raises his as well. "Yeah... yeah, I knew you'd be able ter, Harry," Hagrid says seriously, "An' you too, Neville, eh? An' —" "Excuse me?" Draco cuts in, "But what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?" For an answer, Hagrid points at the cow carcass on the ground. The whole class stares at it for a few seconds, then several people gasps and a pretty Gryffindor girl squeals. Abigale understands why: bits of flesh stripping themselves away from the bones and vanishing into thin air look pretty odd to see. "What's doing it?" The pretty Gryffindor demands in a terrified voice, retreating behind the nearest tree, "What's eating it?" "Thestrals,"Hagrid says, "Hogwarts has got a whole herd of 'em in here. Now, who knows —" "But they're really, really unlucky!" The same girl interrupts, looking alarmed, "They're supposed to bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see them. Professor Trelawney told me once —" Professor Trelawney had told Abigale that just before the summer as well but she didn't believe her, she had come to learn that a lot of things the professor said were either false or over exaggerated. "No, no, no." Hagrid replies with a chuckle, "Tha's jus' superstition, that is, they aren' unlucky, they're dead clever an' useful! Course, this lot don' get a lot o' work, it's mainly jus' pullin' the school carriages unless Dumbledore's takin' a long journey an' don' want ter Apparate — an' here's another couple, look —" The pretty Gryffindor girl shivers and presses herself closer to the tree, saying, "I think I felt something, I think it's near me!" "Don' worry, it won' hurt yeh." Hagrid says patiently, "Righ', now, who can tell me why some o' yeh can see 'em an' some can't?" Abigale tries to raise Neville's arm but he gives her a look and she quickly stops, she gives him a cheeky grin as Granger raises her hand. "Go on then." Hagrid says, beaming at her. "The only people who can see Thestrals." Granger explains, "Are people who have seen death." "Tha's exactly right." Hagrid says solemnly, "Ten points ter Gryffindor. Now, Thestrals —" "Hem, hem." Professor Umbridge had arrived, Abigale groans loudly. She was standing a few feet away from Harry Potter, wearing her green hat and cloak again, her clipboard at the ready. Hagrid, who has probably never heard Umbridge's fake cough before, looks to be gazing in concern at the closest Thestral, evidently under the impression that it had made the sound. "Hem, hem." "Oh, hello!" Hagrid greets, smiling, having located the source of the noise, immediately thoughts flooded Abigale's head, a sinking feeling in her stomach, this is not going to end well. "You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning?" Umbridge says, in a loud, slow voice as though she's addressing somebody both foreign and very slow, "Telling you that I would be inspecting your lesson?" "Oh, yeah." Hagrid says brightly, "Glad yeh found the place all righ'! Well, as you can see — or, I dunno — can you? We're doin' Thestrals today —" "I'm sorry?" Professor Umbridge wonders loudly, cupping her hand to her ear and frowning, "What did you say?" Hagrid looks a little confused, he repeats himself louder this time "Er — Thestrals! Big — er — Winged horses, yeh know!" He flaps his gigantic arms hopefully. Professor Umbridge raises her eyebrows at him and mutters as she makes a note on her clipboard: "Has . . . To . . . Resort . . . To . . . Crude . . . Sign . . . Language." "That's not true!" Abigale snaps defensively, "He's just trying to make things fun!" but nobody besides a few people seem to hear her, including Granger, Potter, and Weasley who, surprisingly, give her looks of approval. "Well . . . Anyway . . ." Hagrid says, turning back to the class and looking slightly flustered, "Erm . . . What was I sayin'?" "Appears . . . To . . . Have . . . Poor . . . Short . . . Term . . . Memory." Umbridge mutters, loudly enough for everyone to hear her. "Oh, yeah." Hagrid mumbles, throwing an uneasy glance at Umbridge's clipboard, but plows on valiantly. "Yeah, I was gonna tell yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a male an' five females. This one," he pats the air, or what Abigale assumes is a Thestral "Name o' Tenebrus, he's my special favorite, firs' one born here in the Forest —" "Are you aware," Umbridge says loudly, interrupting him, "That the Ministry of Magic has classified Thestrals as 'dangerous'?" "I mean the Ministry also classified a baby as dangerous so are they really that credible?" Abigale mutters in a raspy tone, face blank as she keeps her dark eyes locked on Umbridge. "What?" Neville mutters, confused. Abigale had spoken so quietly that no one else had heard her so he wonders if she had meant to say that out loud. She doesn't respond to him, she just keeps looking at Umbridge with a loathsome expression. Hagrid merely chuckles "Thestrals aren' dangerous! All righ', they might take a bite outta yeh if yeh really annoy them —" "Shows . . . Signs . . . Of . . . Pleasure . . . At . . . Idea . . . Of . . . Violence," mutters Umbridge, scribbling on her clipboard again. "Stop! Stop twisting his words!" Abigale screeches, breaking suddenly from a her trance, her voice no longer raspy and from beside her Neville lets out a noise of surprise, "He doesn't like violence, he only meant that they're, like, only dangerous if they're provoked!" Umbridge looks at her "Would you like a detention, Miss. Montgomery? No? Well, I suggest you let me inspect this class without your input. Five points from Slytherin." Hagrid, looking a little anxious now, tries to explain himself "I mean, a dog'll bite if yeh bait it, won' it — but Thestrals have jus' got a bad reputation because o' the death thing — people used ter think they were bad omens, didn' they? Jus' didn' understand, did they?" Umbridge doesn't answer; she finishes writing her last note, then looks up at Hagrid and says, again very loudly and slowly "Please continue teaching as usual. I am going to walk." she mimes walking (Draco and Pansy are having silent fits of laughter, Abigale'll have to lecture them later) "Among the students" Umbridge points around at individual members of the class "And ask them questions." She points at her mouth to indicate talking. Neville furrow his eyebrows and glances at Abigale "Why is she talking to him like that?" Abigale narrows her eyes at Professor Umbridge "Because Hagrid's half-giant and she thinks Half-Breeds are below her." she replies, her tone filled with venom. "Erm . . . Anyway" Hagrid continues, clearly struggling to regain the flow of his lesson, "So — Thestrals. Yeah. Well, there's loads o' good stuff abou' them —" "Do you find?" Professor Umbridge says in a ringing voice to Pansy Parkinson, "That you are able to understand Professor Hagrid when he talks?" "No . . . Because . . . Well . . . It sounds . . . Like grunting a lot of the time." Pansy responds and Abigale growls, her face turning red with rage. Professor Umbridge scribbles on her clipboard, the few unbruised bits of Hagrid's face flushed, although he tries to act as though he had not heard Pansy's answer. "Er . . . Yeah . . . Good stuff abou' Thestrals. Well, once they're tamed, like this lot, yeh'll never be lost again. 'Mazin' sense o' direction, jus' tell 'em where yeh want ter go —" "Assuming they can understand you, of course," Draco pipes in loudly, and Pansy Parkinson collapses in a fit of renewed giggles. Professor Umbridge smiles indulgently at them and then turns to Neville. "You can see the Thestrals, Longbottom, can you?" Neville nods, Abigale places a hand on the boy's shoulder for comfort. "Who did you see die?" Umbridge asks, her tone indifferent Abigale's eyes widen at the intrusive question, if Aurelia had been in her place she would've taken Umbridge the hell out for asking such a question, then again maybe it's a good thing Aurelia isn't here because she'd end up with more detentions than she handle and that's the last thing she needs on her fragile plate at the moment. "My . . . My grandad." Neville replies, his tone quiet. "And what do you think of them?" "Erm," Neville begins nervously, glancing at Hagrid, "Well, they're . . . Er . . . Okay." "Students . . . Are . . . Too . . . Intimidated . . . To . . . Admit . . . They . . . Are . . . Frightened." Umbridge mutters, making another note on her clipboard. "No!" Neville cries, looking upset, "No, I'm not scared of them!" "It's quite all right." Umbridge says, patting Neville on the opposite shoulder with what she evidently intends to be an understanding smile, although to Abigale it looks like something she'd see in her nightmares. "Well, Hagrid." Umbridge turns to look up at him again, speaking once more in that loud, slow voices, "I think I've got enough to be getting along with. You will receive" she mimes taking something from the air in front of her, "The results of your inspection" she points at her clipboard "In ten days' time." she holds up ten stubby little fingers, then, her smile wider and more toad-like than ever before beneath her green hat, she bustles away from their midst, leaving Draco and Pansy in fits of laughter and Neville looking confused and upset. "I think I just lost Hagrid his job." Neville whimpers to Abigale, who shakes her head quickly. "Nonsense, Longbottom, the only reason he would lose his job is that Professor Umbridge is racist!" Abigale snaps in response, glaring in the direction the dreadful professor had just left in "It's not your fault." Neville looks gloomy all the way back to Hogwarts, Abigale's not sure if it's because of what happened to the lesson or because of her presence. Abigale knows neither Neville or Aurelia like her all that much, they don't trust her but they need her more than they know. Abigale decides that it's probably the lesson more than the latter of things, she pats his shoulder again in a hopefully reassuring manner. "It's not your fault, Longbottom, don't worry about it too much. Anyway, I've got to go meet up with, Blue. I'll see you around —" "Wait, you're going to see, Ari?" "Yeah, that's what I just said, are you, like, deaf or something?" Abigale says jokingly, Neville doesn't find it funny. "Can you maybe talk to her? For me, I mean, it's been almost two weeks since we've talked and I'm worried about her." Neville says worriedly. "She's had a really bad week, Longbottom . . . Look, I'll like talk to her or whatever. But, really, Blue just needs some space." "If she needs space then why is she hanging out with you?" Neville says, bitterness hanging from every word, Abigale looks at him with a surprised expression. She blinks, startled by the fact that he's genuinely annoyed. In the time she's known Neville and Aurelia, he's never been anything but patient with her and to see him act like this, it leaves a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach, Abigale frowns and scuffs her feet against the snow-covered ground. "Well, it's not that she's confiding in me or anything, like, we're not even hanging out for fun. I'm teaching her Legilimency and Occlumency, she needs it because of Professor Black, who's like a total twat." Abigale says quickly. Neville's annoyance fades back into concern "What did Lyra do to her, is that why she hasn't talked to me?" "Well, Longbottom, it's up to her to tell you that. And she will, she doesn't want to lie to you, she'll tell you anything — anyway, I've got to, like, go. I will tell her to talk to you, don't worry, Longbottom, I am rooting for you!" Abigale says, winking at him. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ If Aurelia Alice Black's (if that's even her real name!) life was a book then finding out she's someone else entirely would've been fun the first or second time. Turning out to be somebody else was always fun in the stories she had read and as well as the ones she wrote when she was little. But then again, usually the character usually went from a bad family to finding out they were in a good family, in Aurelia's case, she went from bad to worse. And, possibly with what Dumbledore and Umbridge had shown her, she's possibly going to an even worse family. It's been a few days since the whole birth certificate fiasco and Aurelia's realised that Dumbledore was hinting at her being Voldemort's daughter. She's remembered that Voldemort is a Parseltongue and in turn she would be one too, which is why Dumbledore was asking her that. It's impossible for her to be Voldemort's daughter, this she is sure of because if she was then she would have never made it past the womb. It either comes down to either Remus isn't really her father and it's someone else, perhaps a Muggle and Bellatrix used that whole Greyback's Plan as a cover up because if Aurelia was being honest with herself there's no bloody way Bellatrix would've actually slept with Remus. Or Bellatrix didn't actually tamper with the certificate and the purple glow is the work her Donum Vitae, after all she does have three biological parents so maybe the certificate confused as to what her last name should be. Aurelia's not sure why her certificate is doing what it's doing and she's not sure why Dumbledore and Umbridge decided to confront her about it, how is she supposed to know what her mother what her mother did with her birth certificate fourteen years ago when she was only a infant? It's been on her mind non-stop since it was brought to her attention and no matter how hard she's tried to tell herself the real reason isn't a bad as she or Dumbledore or Umbridge think, she can't help but worry it's way worse. She really wishes that the whole thing hadn't gotten to her as badly as it did but Aurelia's never had much luck when it comes to wishes so here she stands in front Professor Sprout's office, shaking like a leaf and trying to gather up the courage to knock on the door. She needs to talk to someone, she never realised how much it truly helped her to talk to someone until after she met Atticus and now she wants someone she can talk to. Professor Sprout really is her only option, she can't really talk to Professor Binns because his memory is far too terrible and he'd forget what she's talking about halfway through, and Professor McGonagall, Aurelia likes and trusts her, she kind of intimidates Aurelia and thus it would be hard to talk about something like this with her, Professor Sprout really is the only professor she feels comfortable around, she's just not sure if she's ready to talk about it, she wants to but what if she gets in there and no words come out and she just wastes Sprout's time? "Hey! Wait, don't knock!" Abigale's voice exclaims from down the corridor, her annoying weird, raspy voice is the last thing Aurelia wants to hear at this moment. "She's not in her office right now, she's with McGonagall they're, like, grading papers or what not. She'll be back in roughly twenty minutes to get some ink but still, you won't be able to talk to her today, so, like try again tomorrow." Abigale says, out of breath as she comes to stand in front of Aurelia. Aurelia rolls her eyes because she's annoyed that Abigale's here and because it's just her luck that she finally decides to talk to someone and they're not there. "Anywho, my dearest Aurelia, I have something to tell you." Abigale says in a raspy voice only for it to clear up as she adds: "Well, I have a few things to tell you and like I need you to promise me that you won't freak out because trust me when I say I've done enough freaking out for the both of us." "I'm probably going to freak out." Aurelia says, frowning as she suddenly trusts Abigale even less than she did before and that's saying something. "Yeah, you're right, you will and you know what that's perfectly fine, I don't blame you because I'm still freaking out because of it." Abigale says, smiling too wide. She takes a deep breath, and places her hands on her stomach to regulate her breathing, "Wow, there are a shit ton of stairs in this castle, who the fuck even decides to make stairs like that, I'm putting my money on Ravenclaw! It was definitely Ravenclaw, that little bitch." Aurelia opens her mouth to tell Abigale to get to the point but Abigale's already got the message. "Right, the point! I'm on it, just let me catch my breath for a moment, I just ran up like a hundred sets of stairs, that's more exercise than I've gotten in my entire life, Blue!" Abigale says, "Okay, I'm good. Okay, let's get this over, okay, do you remember when I said 'possession sucks'? Don't answer that I know you do, you freaky memory girl, well, I wasn't kidding. Possession really sucks." Aurelia looks at Abigale in confusion because what the fuck is she going on about, Abigale takes another deep breath. "Like, it really sucks, Blue. And it's all your mum's fault and like, of course, I don't blame you because it's not like she showed her what Blood Magic is or anything, really it's her fault for being so nosey and diving into Blood Magic and completely botching a resurrection spell she cast upon herself and now her ghost is attached to me because I can see the future like she could and it really blows and —" "Have you hit your head?" Aurelia laughs, "Seriously, did you fall climbing up those stairs because you're spewing bullshit right now, Montgomery and I'm worried for you." Abigale feels bad for Aurelia because she's genuinely laughing, she thinks that she's pulling a joke on her. "I'm not joking." Abigale says seriously but patiently, "I haven't hit my head, Blue. I'm possessed by Esrom Trelawney." Aurelia laughs loudly "That's funny, Montgomery, really funny but I do think you should see Pomfrey because you're insane!" "I'm really not joking, I'm like literally possessed by the ghost of Esrom Trelawney." They stare at each other, lapsing into uncomfortable silence, Aurelia's expressionless face against Abigale's grim but slightly hopeful face and then Aurelia turns on her heel and begins to walk away. "Wait, Blue, where are you going?" Abigale says, she hadn't expected this to happen. Not even bothering to look over her shoulder, Aurelia replies with: "Away from your bullshit!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Everybody meet the wonky dead seer that's going to fuck shit up! For those of y'all who remember this from the old version, maybe you remember that Neville found out first,, I changed that because it makes more sense for Aurelia to know first PLUS since the rewrite has a new huge plot twist, Esrom has more reasons to tell Aurelia first instead,,, ALSO, you've heard of Charlotte's Web well get ready for Esrom's Web! word count: 4383
"LISTEN HERE, YOU FILTHY LITTLE HALF-BREED, I am the one and only Esrom Trelawney!" Abigale yells, her voice is raspier than ever and it takes on an Irish accent. Aurelia freezes "What did you just call me, Montgomery?!" Abigale grins "Abigale didn't call you anything, I did. It's me, Esrom Trelawney, you stubborn little snake, I've come back from the dead almost like my husband." Turning around, Aurelia fixes Abigale with a heated glare, she goes to tell Abigale that she's insane and a bitch but she falls short upon seeing that Abigale's dark eyes have turned a milky white "Oh, sh — sh — shit." Abigale smirks "Maybe you should listen to me, dearest Aurelia, I am telling the truth. Please do listen, I only want to help you." Narrowing her eyes, Aurelia says: "Sounds like bullshit. Let's say you are possessed by Esrom Trelawney and this isn't some cruel prank you're playing on me, why would Esrom want to help me, I'm rather bloody certain that my mum killed her." Abigale waves her hands dismissively, still speaking in an raspy, Irish accent "Dearest Aurelia, I couldn't care less about that after what you're going to do for me." "Aye, alright, you can drop the act now, Montgomery, this is bullshit. Are you doing this on your own or is Draco putting you up to this? Parkinson? Zabini? Nott?" Aurelia says irritably, reaching for her wand, while she didn't believe that Abigale is possessed the eyes have her on edge. How are they doing that, it's almost like she's a Metamorphmagus — she's Goyle! She's Goyle, Aurelia inhales sharply, that's the only logical explanation for this bullshit situation. Possession is so rare, almost unheard of and there's no way that Abigale Montgomery, a Muggleborn, would be chosen as a possession victim by Esrom Trelawney of all people. It's got to be Goyle, she's gotten into Hogwarts again and this is an attempt to play with Aurelia's head. "No one put Abigale up to anything, Aurelia. This isn't a prank. I am Esrom Trelawney and none of the students you named have a clue about this, only professors are aware of this situation." Aurelia blinks, it's Goyle, and she needs to run away but she can't seem to move her feet. She just stands frozen, heart racing as she grasps her wand so tightly she wouldn't be surprised if it snaps. Run away, Aurelia tells herself but her body remains rigid and frozen and the damned green light invades her mind, so does that bloody laugh and Aurelia doesn't know what to do. Why doesn't she run away, why doesn't she scream? How could Aurelia be stupid enough to fall for Goyle's act again, she should've stayed far away from Abigale, didn't she learn the first time around? Abigale looks at her, patiently saying: "You need to listen to me, Aurelia dearest, it is at the upmost importance that you do." Aurelia blinks as the green light replays over and over again and it makes it hard for Aurelia to think properly. It's got to be Goyle but why isn't she attacking and why aren't you running? No matter how many times she tells herself to run, she stay frozen in her spot, feeling useless and defenceless. "Aurelia dearest, I need to know you can understand me before I continue. It is a rather long explanation and I'd rather not have to repeat myself." Abigale says, taking a step towards Aurelia. "Don't!" Aurelia yelps, taking a jerky step backwards, "Don't get any closer!" Abigale laughs amusedly "Cute. You know it's a miracle you've survived Goyle three times, you're kind of a weakling." Aurelia lets out a breath of relief because it's not Goyle, it's only a prank. If Abigale was Goyle in disguise she'd know how many times she really attacked Aurelia, softly she says: "Goyle's only attacked me twice." "No." Abigale says with certainty, "Three times, Aurelia dearest, at my husband's revival and what was supposed to be my revival as well but as you can see that didn't work out so well for me. Then the time at the World Cup, the only time you weren't completely useless when it came to fighting back, and then the first time when you were just a wee little lass. You hardly remember it, you had just turned one a week before, Goyle got into Almerry after a fight with Bella where unbeknownst to Goyle, she ended up getting Bella's blood on her and that's how she got in, your Squib mother was in the kitchens, making Elias some dinner, and she snuck upstairs to kidnap you but you woke up and started to cry so she tried to drown you in the sink while wearing the face of your mother. She would've finished you off but Mae felt the Donum Vitae go off and she came in and shot Goyle in the shoulder and Goyle fled." Inhaling sharply again, Aurelia thinks: oh, fuck. Perhaps this is Goyle, this story isn't so far fetched and it explains why she's so scared of water. And Aurelia vaguely remembers seeing her mother's face alternate between her own and Goyle's but she thought she was making that up in a moment of panic. "Relax, Aurelia dearest, I am not Goyle." "That — that sure sounds like something Goyle would s — s — say." Abigale rolls her eyes "If I was Goyle, you'd either be dead by now or I'd be torturing you mercilessly because you're standing here like a weak little runt to afraid to defend yourself. You were supposed to be powerful, Aurelia, you were supposed to be talented, you were supposed to avenge my son! And yet you're nothing but a weak little Copperhead! What went wrong — what happened to the weapon I envisioned." "I AM NOT A WEAPON!" Aurelia screams, breaking free of her fear-filled trance, anger burning through her veins, "I am not a weapon meant for people to use to their advantage, I am my own person and I am just a child! I'm just a child trying to do her best and I will not allow you or anyone to use me! I should have never trusted you Montgomery, you're crazy and you've got me all wrong — don't you dare come any closer! — INCARCEROUS!" Abigale tries to block the spell but Aurelia is much too quick for her and she's bound by magical ropes, she falls to the ground laughing loudly "Well, well, there's certainly still some fire left in you, perhaps you will serve me well." "I'll serve you nothing, you crazy bitch!" Aurelia snarls, keeping her wand pointed at Abigale. "What in Merlin's name is going on here?!" Professor Sprout's shocked voice fills the corridor, "Miss. Black what are you — Miss. Montgomery, oh not again." Aurelia, shaking with anger, turns to look at the head of her house, who's observing Abigale's strange appearance as if it was a natural occurrence. Professor Sprout looks to Aurelia, concern etched on her round face. "How much has she told you?" Sprout inquires, "And what exactly did she tell you, Miss. Black?" "What?" Aurelia says, eyebrows furrowing as she lowers her wand. "What has Esrom Trelawney told you?" Sprout whispers. "You're — you mean to tell me this — it's not a prank?" Aurelia asks, giving Sprout a disbelieving look. Sprout looks around worriedly, waving her wand so that Abigale is free from the magical bind "Perhaps, we should take this into my office." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ It's a lot to take in, and that's saying something because Professor Sprout doesn't tell her much. She just tells her that it is indeed true and that it happened the day after the third task for reasons Esrom never disclosed with the staff, she also says that Aurelia is not to tell anyone about this because it would be very dangerous if anyone was to find out. Then she casts an ancient-sounding spell on Abigale which knocks her out completely and Sprout takes her to the Hospital Wing after telling Aurelia to return to the common room. Aurelia thinks about it over and over again so much so that she can't seem to focus in Astronomy class. It's very noticeable to both Hufflepuffs and Gryffindors alike especially to Neville and, of course, Olivia who is Aurelia's partner and also very bad at this class. Olivia nudges Aurelia, five times, trying to get her attention so she can tell her which constellation she's looking at. Finally, after a sixth and very harsh nudge to the ribs, Aurelia hisses loudly and glares at Olivia "What do you want, Liv, that hurt you know?!" "Well, maybe you should pay more attention to your struggling best friend than thinking about your boyfriend —" "First off!" Aurelia says shrilly, blushing as pink as a ballerina's tutu, "He is not my boyfriend ("Yet!") — Olivia, I swear on Merlin's — on Merlin's left nipple, I will fight you if you call him my boyfriend again!" "Merlin's left nipple?" Olivia says slowly, giving Aurelia a look. "Shut up!" Aurelia hisses, blushing even more, "And secondly! It's not my fault you're shit at naming stars, like how hard can it be, Liv?" "It's hard! Not all of us came from star-obsessed families, Blue! Look just help a girl out, what star is that?" Aurelia rolls her eyes before leaning over to look into Olivia's telescope and frowns "That's the fucking Bellatrix star, you're looking at the Orion Constellation — we're not even — Merlin, Liv, we're supposed to studying Jupiter's moons and shit." "Oh, so that big red thing is the Bellatrix — oh, bloody hell! Sorry, I thought it was a moon." "Bellatrix isn't red." Aurelia says, pinching the bridge of her nose, "It's blue, the red one would be Betelgeuse —" "Like the movie!" Olivia says, eyes lighting up. "Aye, like the movie. I must've tipped the telescope while trying to peek in it." Aurelia sighs, "Either way, Liv, you're not supposed to be looking over there, you're supposed to be looking over here." "Oh, okay!" Olivia says, moving her telescope in the direction Aurelia is pointing. Aurelia goes back to her work only to be interrupted hardly ten minutes by none other than Neville, he gives her a sheepish look after poking her shoulder "Hey, Ari, can you help me with this, uh, question here?" Nervously, Aurelia glances at Neville and the parchment in his hands. His round face is bright red and his hands are shaking, she nods her head "Aye, sure what is it?" "Why are you ignoring me?" Neville says quickly, almost in one breath but he gives her a determined stare. Aurelia blinks, smiling slightly "Wow that was — wow, well played, Plant Boy." Neville gulps but the sly smile on Aurelia face makes the bold question on the tip of his tongue easier to say "I think the, um, answer is supposed to be, uh, longer than that." Aurelia laughs, smiling widely, she gives him finger guns and wink "I'm sure you're right, Plant Boy but Sinistra is staring at us and I'm sure she knows just as well as we do the answer isn't one she wants discussed on her watch." "After class then." Neville says, it's not really a question, Aurelia can tell he wants answers and he deserves them but she can't give him truthful ones. "Aye, after class, Plant Boy." Aurelia agrees, smiling fading as she instantly regrets saying yes to this. What if he knows, what if Lyra actually told him and he's going to — "I'll hold you to it, Sunflower Girl." Neville say "Woah, okay who is this brave bitch and what have you done with Longbottom?" Olivia cuts in, giving Neville an incredulous look which causes Neville to turn even redder. "Excuse me, Liv! He's always been a brave bitch!" Aurelia says, teasingly but also defensively. "Correction, he's always been your bitch — OW." Olivia says only to have Aurelia punch her hard. "Don't be a twat! And, you're looking a Betelgeuse again! I told you we're supposed to be looking at the moons of Jupiter!" Aurelia says, blushing madly. "There's a star named after Beetlejuice, that's far more interesting than a moon, it's a shame that it's blue and not green." Olivia says, pouting slightly, she's never ever paid attention in this class. Aurelia sighs and pinches the bridge of her nose again "Liv, you're not even looking at the right star. Betelgeuse is red, you're looking at Bellatrix. How do you forget the colour in not even twenty minutes?" Olivia shrugs nonchalantly "Stars are boring." Gasping and placing a hand over chest as if she's been wounded, Aurelia says: "Stars are most certainly not boring!" Neville pokes Aurelia's shoulder in an urgent manner but she ignores it as Olivia fires back "Are too!" "Are not!" "Are too!" "Guys?" "Are not!" "Guys?!" "Are too!" "Are not!" "Are too!" "Girls!" It's Professor Sinistra and she sounds annoyed, "What are you arguing about that could be more important than the lesson?" "Miss. Newton, here, says that the stars are boring." Aurelia explains, giving Olivia a playful glare, "And I was just saying they are not!" Olivia goes to argue but Sinistra holds up a hand to stop her, she looks exasperated now "The two of you need to go back to work, you are disrupting the rest of the class." Both Olivia and Aurelia nod and turn back to their work, when Sinistra turns away from them, they look at each and stick out their tongues, Aurelia even flipping Olivia off. Then they both giggle quietly at each other's actions. Neville pokes Aurelia's shoulder again, smiling even more sheepishly as she asks what he needs, he replies: "I actually do need help with number seven." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Get ready for a fluffy Nevari chapter coming to a theatre near you! ALSO Aurelia getting compared to Bellatrix: is angst city but Aurelia accidentally finding things related to Bellatrix and being exasperated with it: peak comedy! Also fun fact: Aurelia loves the movie Beetlejuice and she will definitely make some Beetlejuice references in the future! word count: 2643 ━━ REVIEWS: GUEST. "Nice to see this story & you back. It disappeared for awhile for some reason & I thought you'd removed it. That reveal went well. Me thinks we have quite a way to go. Well done.": I didn't go anywhere I've been updating this story consistently, I think I did go two weeks without updating but like that's it? I think it was because I took out the (Neville Longbottom - 1) in the title for a little (idk why I did) and that's probably why you couldn't find it! And thank you, we have long and wild way to go! Especially in terms of learning about Esrom! I'm glad you enjoyed the chapter and I hope you enjoyed this one! Thanks for leaving a review, it's greatly appreciated
THINGS GO SMOOTHLY WITH NEVILLE AND THE discussion they share after that Astronomy class. Aurelia manages to find a way to tell him everything without making it a lie or activating the Cat's Tongue. They're back on good terms for now but Aurelia can't help but feel a sense of impending dread. It hovers over her for weeks, some days it's worse than others, with the Christmas holidays just a day away, the dread seems to lighten up but the mostly could be due to the fact Aurelia's busied herself with the thought of seeing Mae and Remus again. It still lingers, the feeling of impending dread, but today Aurelia is able to ignore it. Exactly like she's able to ignore Abigale's stares through out the day, they have not spoken since Abigale revealed herself as Esrom and although Abigale has tried to speak to Aurelia, Aurelia has ignored every attempt. And she's able to ignore that same sense of impending dread as she walks hand in hand with Neville, Olivia and Hannah trail behind them. They're on their way for the last D.A meeting before the holiday break. Upon entering the Room of Requirement, she rolls her eyes as she looks at the golden baubles decorating the ceiling of the room of requirement. Some are decorated with Harry's face with the message: HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS while others have her face with the message of: HAPPLIA HOLIDAYS! She laughs, telling Neville and Olivia: "I appreciate the pun. And that picture of me is very flattering, wouldn't you say?" "Every picture of you is flattering." Neville mumbles under his breath, his round face extremely red despite not knowing that Aurelia heard him and she doesn't have the heart to tell him she had indeed heard him. "Don't go getting full of yourself, Blue — Alright, there, Grease Lightning." Olivia says, greeting Harry who is chatting to Luna almost under a thing of mistletoe. Harry's pleasant expression turns into a glower as he turns away from Luna to speak with Olivia "I told you not to call me that, Newton!" "I know you have, stud, but that's not stopping me." Olivia says with a grin, "It won't ever stop me, Grease Lightning." Aurelia and Neville giggle to themselves, Harry is saved from being called that again by the arrival of Angelina, Katie and Alicia. All three of them are looking rather breathless and very cold. "Well," Angelina says dully, pulling off her cloak and throwing it into a corner, "We've finally replaced you." "Replaced me?" Harry says blankly. "You and Fred and George!" Angelina says impatiently, "We've got another Seeker!" Aurelia blinks, recalling that Harry, Fred, and George had been kicked of the team by Umbridge, that pink demon, for fighting with her cousin. "Who?" Harry says quickly. "Ginny Weasley," Katie says and Harry gapes at her. Aurelia beams with pride, she makes a note to congratulate Ginny when she sees her. "Yeah, I know," Angelina says as she pulls out her wand and flexes her arm, "but she's pretty good, actually. Nothing on you, of course," she adds, throwing him a very dirty look, "But as we can't have you . . ." "And what about the Beaters?" Harry asks, sounding as though he's trying very hard to remain calm. "Andrew Kirke," Alicia says without enthusiasm, "and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant, but compared to the rest of the idiots who turned up . . ." The arrival of Hermione and Ron brings Harry and the girls' conversation to an end and not too long after everyone seems to have arrived, even Abigale had showed up much to Aurelia's surprise. Aurelia glares at her, angry that she had shown up, she wants nothing to do with Abigale knowing her connection to Esrom because she doesn't trust Esrom who is clearly up to something. She's not about to be used by Voldemort's wife of all people, she's not that naive to let that happen. "Okay." Harry calls them all to order, "I thought this evening we should just go over the things we've done so far because it's the last meeting before the holidays and there's no point starting anything new right before a three-week break —" "We're not doing anything new?" Zacharias questions, in a disgruntled whisper loud enough to carry through the room "If I'd known that, I wouldn't have come." "We're all really sorry Harry didn't tell you, then." Fred says loudly earning snickers from several people. "— We can practice in pairs." Harry continues on, "We'll start with the Impediment Jinx, for ten minutes, then we can get out the cushions and try Stunning again." Aurelia as usual pairs with Neville while Harry pairs with Abigale and knowing that Abigale is possessed by the wife of the man who killed Harry's parents makes Aurelia feel bad for Harry but she's not going to volunteer to be her partner. What he doesn't know won't kill him and considering Voldemort has failed to kill him four times, Aurelia's rather certain he'll be safe enough with the ghost of Esrom. Also she'd rather not deal with the looks Abigale is throwing her from across the room, face to face, it reminds her of the look Dumbledore gives her and it makes her angry. "Are you ready, Ari?" Neville wonders, and she looks away from Harry and Abigale. Nodding her head, she readies her wand. "Impedimenta!" Neville calls out and Aurelia finds herself frozen for the next couple of minutes. Aurelia's proud to say that Neville has improved drastically since the start of Dumbledore's Army, and she finds herself frozen by the Impediment Jinx three times in a row. After about ten minutes, Harry calls for a break and announces that they're going to move on with stunning. Stunning is much easier for Aurelia to grasp, as she's used the spell quite a lot in the past year. While Neville, although he can do it, he usually ends up stunning someone next to the person he's aiming for; Aurelia is able to hit her target perfectly. She likes stunning far better than the Impediment Jinx, she has even improved of the strength in which she can cast the spell. At the end of an hour, Harry calls for them to all halt. "You're getting really good." He says while beaming around at them, "When we get back from the holidays we can start doing some of the big stuff — maybe even Patronuses." At the mention of Patronuses, Aurelia thinks of Remus and there's a dull pain in her chest because she misses him a lot. Perhaps, she'll see if Mae can allow him and Lyall to come over for Christmas or even if Mae, Elliot, and her can go to their house for Christmas. "Can we see yours?" Colin asks, looking at Harry with wide eyes. Harry looks uncomfortable, glancing around at everyone his gaze lingering on a certain Cho Chang. "I can do it!" Aurelia says although she doesn't expect anyone to actually be interested in seeing her Patronus but to her shock the group turns to look at her, she gulps. Zacharias, Olivia, and Neville give her reassuring smiles, Olivia gives her thumbs up mouthing: 'You got this, Blue!'. She swallows thickly, chewing on her lip as she says: "Well, a Patronus is complicated, it's magic above our level at the moment and my — Professor Lupin taught it to us back in third year. The Dementors had made Harry and I — well, actually they made Harry their target but because I, contrary to popular belief, am not a heartless bitch, jumped in front of him to stop it and I fainted. So, Lupin thought it was best if he taught Harry and I how to protect ourselves. It took us long time to get the spell right and I can't guarantee I'll be able to produce a corporeal one today. So when it comes time for all of us to practice this spell, don't be upset if you can't produce one of the first, fifth, or even tenth time — Aye, Luna?" Luna had her hand up, obviously wanting to ask a question "You're rambling, Aurelia — what form does your Patronus take?" "Oh," Aurelia blushes, "Well, a hummingbird." Luna looks at her thoughtfully then nods her head, the others in the group save for Dennis, look a little disappointed by her answer. Dennis gives a delighted squeal of "That's wicked! Show us please, Blue!" Aurelia grins indulgently, pulling out her wand and thinking of a happy memory — finding out that Mae's her mum and even just the mere mention of the memory is enough to fill her with warm glee "Expecto Patronum!" A long string silver vapour spews from her wand as she thinks of Mae and her hugs, the soaring feeling of happiness knowing that Mae is her mum. A small silvery shape flutters around her, it takes Aurelia a moment to realise that the small shape is not a hummingbird but a dragonfly. There's a murmur of excitement through out the group as they watch Aurelia preform the charm, unaware that Aurelia is thoroughly confused by her Patronus. Someone says that's not a hummingbird, she's too concentrated on the spell to focus on the voice. "No shit, Sherlock." That's definitely Olivia and she's obviously speaking to the person who said something about Aurelia's Patronus. "Wicked." Dennis says in awe. The group gets a little too noisy and Aurelia looses concentration and her Patronus — now a dragonfly vanishes. Lowering her wand, Aurelia smiles awkwardly at the crowd then gives an equally awkward bow. After a few compliments from others the crowd begins to disperse, leaving the room in the usual twos and threes. "Hey, Ari?" Neville says, looking slightly gloomy as they leave the room together. "Aye, Nev?" Aurelia says, turning away from saying goodbye to Luna and congratulating Ginny on becoming seeker. "Ari, do you think I can do it — produce a Patronus, I mean?" Neville asks, looks at his feet with a sullen expression. "If I can do it without maggots devouring me then so can you, Plant Boy!" Aurelia says, nudging his shoulder playfully, "Anyway, we've got a few hours until curfew, what are you up to Neville?" "Oh, well I — I was just going to the greenhouse." Neville says. Aurelia beams at him "Can I join you? — maybe, well, maybe if you're up to it, we can try out the Patronus in there. It might help to practice in an environment you're comfortable in." A wide smile graces his lips and a fluttery feeling erupts in her stomach as he says: "Of course, you can! You don't have to ask, and, uh, you don't have to help me with that, not now, we can just hang out if that's alright with you, we — we haven't done that in awhile?" Blushing, Aurelia nods her head and finger guns him as she says: "Sure, I'd like that, Plant Boy." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Neville checks over the plants as Aurelia explains some Muggle Christmas movie, Neville wasn't sure the name, Aurelia might not have even mentioned it. At first they had been discussing their plans for the holidays and then suddenly Aurelia was talking about the Christmas movies her and Elliot were going to watch. He moves a plant that was out of its' normal place then turns to Aurelia to give her his full attention. She's sitting on a cleared space on one of the tables, rambling away, her cheeks are red and he can't tell if this is because she's blushing or because of the cold, and he stands in front of her. Staring at her with a lopsided grin, his unwavering, starry-eyes makes her blush even more. "— This is Ellie's favourite and we say it to each other every Christmas morning, the Almerry twins always give us weird looks! Anyway, well there was this one scene in the movie and the main guy was — I think greeting a group of people — and he said something along the lines of 'Merry Christmas, kiss me —" Aurelia gasps as she realises she has messed up, her head snaps up and her green eyes meet Neville's hazel ones "Kiss my ass! I meant kiss my ass! I sw —" Neville's forehead crashes into hers, they both curse loudly at the harsh contact but neither recoil, his warm breath fans her face, their noses brushing together then it happens. It finally happens again! And she melts. Neville presses his lips against hers, they're soft, even softer than his hands, she kisses him back even though her mind is screaming at her not to. She knows she doesn't deserve this but she can't help it but let it happen. She deserves this kiss even less than the first one but she enjoys it too much to stop him. He ends the kiss first, resting his forehead against hers. Aurelia lets out a heavy breath, her hair and eyes bright purple, her heart is beating a mile a minute, which is was something it seems to do a lot when she's with Neville. "Merry Christmas, I kissed you." Neville whispers, beaming. It's cheesy but Aurelia laughs and her heart skips a beat and she smiles wide at him. He studies her face, her eyes are a bright lilac purple, he can only assume that it means love or at least he hoped so, her cheeks are even pinker than before and she's more freckles than usual splattered across her cheeks and nose. Even her scars from the werewolf attack are showing, he traces them absentmindedly. As he had expected, she tastes like chocolate and raspberry, her perfume is strong as he's so close to her, it's vanilla mixed with something else that he can't name. "Y — yeah, you — you did." She says after catching her breath. There's a pause and then Neville shyly asks: "Can I kiss — kiss you again?" Aurelia nods — no! You should've said no, you love-sick bitch! He deserves better! — Oh, fuck it! Aurelia inhales sharply as Neville leans in again, reaching up with his soil covered hands and cupping the sides of her blushing face. He seems to haven forgetten about the dirt on his hands but she doesn't care in the slightest, his touch sends shivers up her spine. Once again, his lips press against hers, he tastes like mint chapstick and oranges, it's blissful. Aurelia smiles into the kiss, Merlin's beard does she adore him. Aurelia pulls away quickly which startles Neville, his eyebrows furrow in concern wondering if he had done something wrong. She smiles softly at him "Hey, Nev, you do know that I like you, like I really like you. I may even love you?" Neville grins back at her, blushing as he nods eagerly at her "I know! I — I love you too!" ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Not even twenty minutes later Aurelia lays in her bed, her roommates fast asleep, Aurelia's heart is still beating rapidly and her stomach is still filled with a fluttery feeling. Her cheeks hurt from smiling so wide but she can't help it, this was one of the best thing to happen to her all year. She closes her eyes, replaying the kiss over in her mind, this was a good day, Blue! she thinks to herself, and before she knows it she's fast asleep — in a dream back in malfoy manor, Aurelia frowns as she tips toes down the dark, candle lit hallway. She feels smalls and a question of is this a memory flickers in her mind before it's gone and she's focused on finding her parents. Something's wrong and she feels so cold despite the fact she feels like she's wearing three layers of cloaks. Visions of Bellatrix dance across her mind, she looks horrid in them, deathly ill and her mouth is opening and closing: "Aurelia." leaves her lips soundlessly over and over again and she's dying, Aurelia can feel it in her bones. Someway, somehow Aurelia has too stop it, she's got to find her daddy and mummy to help. She finds them in the room next to the foyer, sitting by the fire, Aurelia calls out to them frantic and she sounds much younger. She has to be five or six, Merlin, she still has a lisp. They look up, startled by her appearance, Lucius softens immediately and asks if she's had a nightmare and Aurelia tells him she hasn't. "Mama's dying!" She exclaims tearfully to which Lucius and Narcissa share a look — she never calls Narcissa 'mama' it's always 'mum' or 'mummy'. "What do you mean, little one, your mum is perfectly fine." Lucius says gently, gesturing to Narcissa. Aurelia shakes her head vigorously "No, mama! Not mummy! The mama in the cold, the dark one! She's sick! She's saying my name!" Lucius goes to says something but there's a loud knock on the front door and he goes to get up but before he does the door opens on its' own and Aurelia finds herself staring at Mae and Arthur Weasley. She suddenly feels more aware of her surroundings and that sense of impending dread returns at full force. Malfoy Manor disappears behind her and she finds herself in a weird-looking place. Mae is teasing a tired Arthur Weasley while holding what looks to be a lunch bag of some sorts "Sleepin' on the job there, Arty, you forgot your dinner. If yer so tired perhaps ye should switch shifts with Tonks or Jones so ye can catch up on some well needed rest." Arthur shakes his head, rubbing his eyes, "No I'm alright, Mae." He takes the bag from Mae, thanking her but Mae's attention seems to be elsewhere as she scans the room "Do ye hear that?" Mae looks unsettled by the sound she hears, Aurelia can hear it too, a female voice whispering. It seems Arthur can hear it too, he draws his wand and then something big strikes him causing both him and Mae to scream. There's blood, a lot of it, the thing strikes him again and Aurelia feels terrified especially when Aurelia realises it's a snake. Not just any snake — "Nagini!" Mae pulls out a .44 Magnum from her waistband and fires a shot at the snake she just called by name, Aurelia screams at Mae not to but it doesn't stop her, once, twice and the snake turns out her. Biting into her pale flesh, once, twice, three times blood splatter everything. Aurelia screams, drowning out Mae and Arthur's pained screaming — Mae's going to die and then there's a bright flash of purple and the snake reels backwards look severely burned, there's a female screaming in pain amongst Mae's and Arthur's. For a moment it seems that the snake is done with them but then Mae fires the gun once more and the snake goes back in, Aurelia moves forward wanting nothing more to stop the snake but the quick movement causes a strange, painful feeling in her head. Aurelia wakes up with an ear-piercing scream of 'MUM!'. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Neville's going to try his best with the patronus and he's definitely going to produce one at least once for Make Them Gold and I'm extremely curious as to what you think his patronus might be? About the ending there: sorry not sorry! word count: 3397
SCREAMING BLOODY MURDER, A POUNDING HEADACHE, AND a bloody nose, Aurelia Black falls out of her bed as her dorm mates all crowd around her bed, confused and alarmed. The blood gushes down her nose into her mouth, she finds herself tangled in her sheets as she struggles to get to her feet. She can hear Freddie meowing loudly, possibly caught up in the sheets as well and her friends asking her what's going on. "I'm goin' to get Sprout!" Susan says over Aurelia's panicked screaming after noticing the patches of blood soaking the yellow sheets. Hannah and Olivia try their best to untangle Aurelia but it's hard to do when she's flailing about screaming for her mum or something about her mum being hurt, it was hard to understand her. What makes their task even harder is Aurelia's overprotective cat, who claws at them when they try to touch Aurelia. Aurelia struggles to breathe, the dream of Mae being attacked replays over and over again only instead of a purple flash of light, it's a green light and Aurelia's terrified Mae is dead and Arthur too. She finally pulls herself free of the sheets with the help of Hannah and Olivia who have been scratched to all hell thanks to Freddie, Hannah places a hand on her shoulder. "Blue, it's alright. It was just a dream — ("N — n — no it's wasn't!") — hey, hey just take a deep breath, Blue, take a deep breath and tell us what happened?" Hannah says softly, rubbing circles on her shoulder. "Mae — my mum, she could be dead, my mum and I — I — there was a snake and it — it a — a — attacked her and Arthur — Arthur Weasley and I — I —" "Shh, shh," Hannah says soothingly, "It was only a dream, Blue, no one's hurt, you were sleeping in your bed this entire time just like the rest of us." Aurelia shakes her head "It felt so real, it has to be real." Her hands shake as she reaches out for Freddie to pull him from the sheets wrapped his back paw. Hannah tells her that it's not real as Aurelia settles Freddie into her lap but she insists that it's real, it's part of the Donum Vitae somehow, the purple light she had originally seen is a tell-tale sign of it but she's never read about anything like that happening to a Donum Vitae, usually it's reversed and Mae would've seen or felt her in a dangerous situation or at least Aurelia can't remember reading anything like that. She might be wrong, she can't think straight all she can think of is the fear she felt when watching Mae get attacked and their screams. The screams — there was someone else to that had been attacked there were three different screams and blood so much blood. "I need to see Mae, I need to make sure —" "Susan's gone to get Sprout." Olivia says, "She'll be able to work something out but I'm sure that nothing's wrong, you've just had a horrid dream, Blue." "Here," Hannah says and hands Aurelia a tissue, "Your nose is bleeding." Aurelia takes the tissue, dabbing her nose with it as she tries to calm her breathing. The door to their dorm bursts open, Professor Sprout comes bustling in with Susan trailing behind her, explaining what's happening in a frantic manner which is a huge contrast from her normal calm personality. "Come along, Miss. Black." Professor Sprout says softly. "Mae and Arthur are in trouble!" Aurelia says in one breath, jumping to her feet while clutching Freddie to her chest, "They — there was a snake and —" "I'm aware, Miss. Black, it seems that you've had a similar — well — similar vision to Mr. Potter. You will be returning home early." Sprout says, "Don't worry about your things, they'll be handled later." Aurelia follows Professor Sprout out of the common room, two tissues stuck up her nostrils to stop the bleeding, and Freddie has perched himself on her shoulder like some sort of guardian angel. She's lead to Professor McGonagall who's standing not too far away from the barrels with the Weasleys and Elliot. The whole group looks terrified, Professor McGonagall is explaining to the Weasleys and Elliot what's happening. "Are they — are they gonna be alright?" Fred whispers, his voice cracking as he glances at his twin who holds onto Elliot for dear life. Aurelia looks to McGonagall and hopes she gives a positive answer because her dream/vision thing had been far from positive. "I am afraid I can not give you a definite answer, but if you will follow me I will bring you to Professor Dumbledore. He might be able to provide you with more information." McGonagall explains before signaling them to follow her. They were only a corridor away from the headmaster's office when they run into Pansy Parkinson who was holding up a shaking Abigale Montgomery. Despite the whole Esrom situation, Aurelia looks at Abigale in concern as Abigale looks as though she's just suffered a seizure. She must've had a vision about this as well and by the looks of it, her Inner Eye didn't handle it very well. "Professor McGonagall?" Pansy questions in both surprise and relief before McGonagall can say anything, Pansy anxiously adds: "Abby's had a vision thing it — it's really bad. She say's she needs to speak to Dumbledore." Abigale lets out a noise that's something between a scream and a sob, in a voice that sounds like it belongs to an older Irish woman — Esrom: "A snake, a father, and an order. A father's been hurt!" Aurelia frowns, what about Mae? Did that purple light save Mae? Is that why Esrom's not saying anything about Mae, Aurelia sure hopes so. Ginny grabs onto Aurelia's arm, letting out a quiet whimper as she listens to Abigale's words. Aurelia places a hand over Ginny's in an attempt to offer some form of comfort, however Aurelia can't help but feel relieved that Mae wasn't mentioned in Esrom's little prediction. "We know, Miss. Montgomery, Miss. Parkinson, we're handling the situation right now. Take her to Madam Pomfrey, Miss. Parkinson, you know the rules, not a word to anybody." Professor McGonagall instructs in a soft tone, "Now, move along." Pansy nods, wrapping her arm around Abigale but before she can drag her along, Abigale exclaims in Esrom's voice: "Tommy boy strikes again, Minnie, it was Tom!" "Did Montgomery just call the Professor, Minnie?" Elliot whispers to Aurelia but she's frozen in shock and can't respond. She knows that Esrom must mean her husband, she means Voldemort — but, of course, as his wife or rather, his dead wife, she calls him by his real name. "So it's Tom, and not Tim." Aurelia blurts out, she's never been able to remember Voldemort's actual — holy fuck, Voldemort ordered this attack, he's already infiltrated the Ministry of Magic, they're fucked! No one pays attention to her remark because they don't understand it and they're much too worried about the state of Arthur and Mae to even ask the meaning of what she meant. "I see." Professor McGonagall replies, her tone no different than before but Aurelia can see that she's grown pale, "Perhaps, Miss. Montgomery, you should come with me and Miss. Parkinson you need to return to your common room." Pansy looks like she's gonna argue but Abigale gives her a nod and stumbles over to McGonagall, muttering a farewell to Pansy before following after the group who are back on their way to Dumbledore's office. Aurelia sneaks a glance at Abigale wondering if she should say something to her or keep herself away from her and Esrom's ghost. She decides to go with the latter and ignores Abigale. Her nerves grow even more as they near the door to Professor Dumbledore's office, she holds onto Ginny as they approach the statue guarding the said door. Professor McGonagall gives the password to the portrait, Aurelia clings to Ginny as though she's a lifeboat in the middle of an ocean and Ginny does the same, they're both terrified. The gargoyle springs to life and leaps aside; the wall behind it splits in two to reveal a stone staircase that's moving continually upwards like a spiral escalator. They all step on to the moving stairs, the wall closes behind them with a thud and they're moving upwards in tight circles until they reach the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shaped like a griffin. Professor McGonagall ushers all of them into the room once she had opened the door, Dumbledore is standing with a haunted-looking Harry. Upon spotting Harry, Ginny lets go of Aurelia and asks: "Harry — what's going on? Professor McGonagall says you saw Dad get hurt —" "Your father has been injured in the course of his work for the Order of the Phoenix," Dumbledore explains before Harry could speak "He has been taken to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I am sending you back to Sirius's house, which is much more convenient for the hospital than The Burrow. You will meet your mother there." "How're we going?" Fred asks, "Floo powder?" "No. Floo powder is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched. You will be taking a Portkey." Dumbledore says, gesturing to the old kettle lying innocently on his desk, "We are just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back . . . I want to be sure that the coast is clear before sending you —" There's a flash of flame in the very middle of the office, which startls Aurelia, the flame had left behind a single golden feather that floated gently to the floor. "It is Fawkes's warning," Dumbledore says as he catches the feather as it falls, "Professor Umbridge must know you're out of your beds . . . Minerva, go and head her off — tell her any story —" Professor McGonagall is gone in a swish of tartan. "He says he'll be delighted." A bored voice sounds from behind Dumbledore; the painting, who happens to be Phineas Nigellus had appeared in front of a Slytherin banner, "My great-great-grandson has always had an odd taste in house-guests." "Come here, then." Dumbledore instructs them, "And quickly before anyone else joins us." Aurelia and the others gathers around the headmaster's desk "You have all used a Portkey before? Good. On the count of three, then . . . One . . . Two . . ." She squeezes her eyes shut, remembering how much she dislikes Portkeys. "Three." The twisting sensation she feels in her head is dreadful and it does nothing to help her already horrid headache. She crashes into the others as wind roars in her ears, then suddenly she feels her feet hit solid ground with such a force that it makes her knees weak and she falls over, on top of Ginny. Freddie gives an annoyed-sounding meow as he scampers away from Aurelia and out of the room, it seems that doesn't like Portkeys any more than Aurelia does. "Back again, the Blood-Traitor brats. Is it true their father's dying?" That would be Kreacher, which is shortly followed by Sirius' roaring voice. "Out!" They have arrived in the gloomy basement kitchen of number twelve Grimmauld Place. The only sources of lights are the fire and one guttering candle, Kreacher is disappearing through the door to the hall, looking back at them malevolently as he hitches up his loincloth. Sirius hurries towards them all, looking anxious. He's unshaven and still in his day clothes, he helps Aurelia up then turns to Ginny. "What's going on?" He questions as he stretches out a hand to help Ginny up, "Phineas Nigellus said Arthur's been badly injured —" "Ask Harry." Fred replies, looking over at Harry. "Yeah, I want to hear this for myself." George adds. Aurelia peers at Harry curiously, wondering if their visions had been the same. Perhaps his vision had been more clear than hers had. "It was —" Harry begins, his voice cracking and arms shaking at his sides, "I had a — a kind of — vision." Once Harry had finished explaining, Aurelia decides that their visions had not at all been similar and she still wonders why she had seen it. She's a little curious has to why Harry seen it too but at the same time, he's Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, what can't he do at this point? Fred turns to Sirius, asking: "Is Mum here?" "She probably doesn't even know what's happened yet." Sirius replies, "The important thing was to get you away before Umbridge could interfere. I expect Dumbledores letting Molly know now." "We've got to go to St. Mungo's." Ginny says urgently. She looks around at her brothers, Elliot, Abigale, and Aurelia, they are, of course, still in their pyjamas "Sirius, can you lend us cloaks or anything?" "Hang on, you can't go tearing off to St. Mungo's!" Sirius disagrees. "Why not?" Aurelia wonders, furrowing her eyebrows "Our parents have been hurt, we've got a right to —" "Course we can go to St. Mungo's if we want," Fred argues stubbornly, "He's our dad!" "And how are you going to explain how you knew Arthur was attacked before the hospital even let his wife know?" "What does that matter?" George asks hotly. "It matters because we don't want to draw attention to the fact that Harry is having visions of things that are happening hundreds of miles away!" Sirius replies angrily, "Have you any idea what the Ministry would make of that information?" Fred and George look as though they could not care less what the Ministry made of anything. "Somebody else could have told us . . . We could have heard it somewhere other than Harry." Ginny says. "Like who?" Sirius questions impatiently. "Oh, I don't fucking know, the bloody seer standing right over there?!" Aurelia snaps sarcastically, pointing at Abigale. Looking alarmed, Abigale shakes her head and holds up her hands "My visions aren't that good! I've never seen anything like this before!" "Listen, Arthur and Mae been hurt while on duty for the Order," Sirius says, "And the circumstances are fishy enough without you lot knowing about it seconds after it happened, you could seriously damage the Order's —" "We don't care about the dumb Order!" Fred shouts angrily "It's our dad and aunt dying we're talking about!" George yells, shaking his head furiously. "It's our mum too! She's all we got, Sirius, we've got to go!" Aurelia exclaims, gesturing to herself then to Elliot. "Your father and knew what they were getting into and neither of them won't be thanking you for messing things up with the Order!" Sirius retorts, equally as angry as the lot of them, "This is how it is — this is why you're not in the Order — you don't understand — there are things worth dying for!" "Easy for you to say, you're stuck here!" Fred bellows, "I don't see you risking your neck!" "Oh, shit." Aurelia gasps, eyeing Sirius who looks like he wants nothing more than to throttle Fred. However, Sirius replies in a way-too-calm-for-the-look-on-his-face voice "I know it's hard, but we've all got to act as though we don't know anything yet. We've got to stay put, at least until we hear from your mother, all right?" Fred and George look like they want to argue further, Ginny takes a few steps over to the nearest chair and sinks into it. The twins glare at Sirius for another minute, then take seats on either side of Ginny. Elliot gently tugs on Aurelia's arm, pointing at the empty seats, the two of them sink down in them, both still shaking with nerves. "That's right." Sirius mutters encouragingly "Come on, let's all . . . Let's all have a drink while we're waiting. Accio Butterbeer!" He raises his wand as he speaks and ten bottles come flying towards them out of the pantry, skidding along the table, scattering the debris of Sinus's meal, and stopped neatly in front of the ten of them. They all drink, and for a while, the only sounds are those of the crackling of the kitchen fire and the soft thud of their bottles on the table. Then a sudden burst of fire in midair illuminates the dirty plates in front of them and, as they all give cries of shock, a scroll of parchment falls with a thud on to the table, accompanied by a single golden phoenix tail feather. "Fawkes!" Sirius exclaims as he snatchs up the parchment, "That's not Dumbledore's writing — it must be a message from your mother — here —" He thrusts the letter into George's hand, who rips it open and reads aloud: "Dad is still alive. I am setting out for St. Mungo's now. Stay where you are. I will send news as soon as I can. Mum." George looks around the table "Still alive . . . But that makes it sound . . ." "What about Mum?" Elliot asks, "Did she say anything about her?" George's frown deepens as he shakes his head "No, but maybe that's because she's not hurt." Aurelia shakes her head, feeling furious had they not heard what Harry had said? Mae was attacked just as badly as Arthur and she had seen it too, only in a different way than he had had, Mae was hurt, there was so much blood. "No, she's hurt! Molly just doesn't — she doesn't care about Mae, she never has! Mae's hurt too and she didn't bother to say anything cause she doesn't give a flying fuck what happens to the Squib, the only reason she keeps Mae around is because of you lot, you love Mae! Especially Bill! How could she not say — was it really that bloody hard for her to write 'and Mae' after 'dad'?! Honestly! It's bullshit! How is it fair for you guys to know how your father is doing while we get nothing! She's our mother, even if we don't share blood like you — it's not fair! I want to know how Mae is doing!" Aurelia screams, nose scrunching up and face going red. The room goes unnaturally quiet, no one has ever seen Aurelia this angry before and if any of them are being honest, it's quite scary. She stomps her foot "I want to see Mae! I want to see her now! I'm going to St. Mungo's whether you lot like it or not! I want my mum!" Sirius stares at her slack jaw, he's afraid to tell her no. He glances at his nephew for help but Elliot is staring at her with an impressed grin and then he looks at Sirius and says: "And just when we all thought she had no Malfoy in her, huh —" "NOW!" Aurelia growls, kicking the table for good measure, "I am tired of being kept in the fucking dark it's fucking bullshit! I want to see mum now! Ellie, come on, tell them! You can apparate us to St. Mungo's!" Everyone turns to stare at Elliot, he nods his head and says "I can and I will but not while you're throwing a tantrum —" "It's a justified tantrum!" Aurelia snarls, pointing a shaking finger at him. "Don't be such a Malfoy, Lia." Elliot says, "I'm sure we can handle this in a calm and mature way." "Bullshit! No one listens when we're polite, Ellie! No one bats an eye when we're calm and mature they only pay attention when we act like — when we act like how they think we are — demon brats! The children of Death-Eaters with anger issues and — you know what, fuck it, Ellie. Fuck it, if acting like a spoilt brat with anger issues will let me see my mum than that's exactly what I'm going to do!" Elliot sighs exasperatedly but he can't blame Aurelia for this, not entirely. This isn't how he'd react but his way is no better than hers, it's just much more quieter and more threatening people's limbs. Ignoring the looks of Harry, Abigale, and the Weasley children, Aurelia stomps right up to Sirius, looking him dead in the eye and spitting out: "I want to see my mum now!" Sirius frowns, the Weasley children lean in, he's got to say no since he didn't allow them to go. Aurelia narrows her eyes, stomping her feet once more for good measure, she's never felt so angry. She just wants to know how Mae is doing and why did Molly have to leave Mae out of the note like this, boiling hot anger courses through her veins, she's tired of getting left out, she's tired of constantly feeling so alone and sad, and frustrated and she's tired of all these bad things happening to her and her family. All she wants to do is see Mae, that's it. It's not much to ask for, so why is it so hard to get? "Sirius, I want to see her right bloody now." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia and Elliot stand close to each other, his hand grasping her bony shoulders as they peer down at Mae's fragile form, she's awake and so is Arthur who's across the room. The Healers tell them it could've been a lot worse but the snake was confused as to who it should attack and then some kind of untraceable magic happened causing a halt to the attack. Elliot had apparated them to St. Mungo's shortly after Sirius finally gave into Aurelia's temper tantrum. By the time he had given in, Molly had been at St. Mungo's for twenty minutes already, so it didn't look all that suspicious when Aurelia and Elliot showed up to see Mae. Aurelia was a little embarrassed by the scene she made and it only got worse when she found out that Mae was in better shape than Arthur. Mae smiles drowsily up them and beckons them forward "My sweet dears." "Mum." Aurelia says tearfully, kneeling down by her bedside, Elliot follows her actions a little more hesitantly. "Wee moon, Ellie," Mae whispers, "What are ye doin' here so early, I wasn't expectin' ye til the afternoon?" Elliot smiles slightly "Well, Lia, here pulled a legendary Malfoy move — she had a tantrum and wouldn't stop until she got her way." "Wee moon." Mae says scoldingly but she's smiling too. Aurelia blushes, feeling embarrassed with how she acted not even an hour ago but her anger had gotten the best of her like it never had before, she mutters: "I just wanted to see you." Mae reaches out and grabs Aurelia's, she beckons Elliot to move closer so she can grab his hand as well. She smiles weakly at them "It's late my dears, and I'm endeared that ye wanted to see me so badly but ye should be sleepin'. Ye both look like ye need more rest than me and Arthur combined." "It's our Quidditch team's fault for that." Elliot laughs, "We've been practicing every chance we can get, I'm starting to wish I made captain instead, I'd never torture someone like this. I don't know what, Lia's excuse is —" "It doesn't matter." Aurelia says shortly, "I wanted to make sure you were alright, Molly didn't say anything in the note, I had no idea how you were or if you were — if you were even alive." "Molly didn't know you and Elliot were there, that's why." Mae says, sitting up slightly, "She just assumed it was her children." "I saw it happen." Aurelia says and Mae doesn't look surprised so it must be part of the Donum Vitae then, she looks apologetic though. "I'm sorry ye had to witness that, it must've been so scary for ye. I know it terrified ye when you saw Trix so sick, you saw that for days on end before ye finally told someone . . . But, thank ye, for what ye did. Wee moon, ye spared me some nasty bites there." "How did I see it, I've never ready anything like that in the books?" "Well, I suppose it's similar to how Trix and I can feel and see when you're in life-threatening danger — the reason for that is so our blood sacrifice doesn't go to waste and it gives us a chance to save ye using that chant for the Donum Vitae. I didn't give as much blood as Trix did so my ability to do this for ye is a bit weaker than hers. I would assume the reason ye can see when we're in danger is so that ye won't lose the protection we give ye." Mae says quietly, "I've never read anything about it in the books." "Ye probably won't, most Donum Vitaes are without their blood-giver. Their blood-giver usually dies in order to complete the sacrifice so there's no reason for them to be concerned about the safety of their blood-giver, their Donum Vitae works on it's own. That's the most common one at least, their might be some mentions of what ye've witnessed in the myths of Donum Vitaes but sadly that's it. Yer Donum Vitae, I believe is somewhere in the middle, yer's has been known to work on it's own because it took Bellatrix's near-death experience as a sacrifice but because I finished it off, it takes into account that your blood-givers are alive and it gives ye warnings when we're in life-threatening danger." Mae explains, "There's so little known, I can't say for sure if this is correct, but I can say that yer Donum Vitae is definitely different, yer the only known Donum Vitae in myth and fact to have two blood-givers." "Guess, Longbottom is right, you are special." Elliot mutters, flashing Aurelia a teasing smile. Mae smiles as well especially when Aurelia's cheeks go pink and little smile grows reluctantly on her once sad face. "What are you talking about?" Aurelia questions, easily distracted from the situation at hand by the mere mention of Neville. Elliot's teasing smile only grows "You should hear the rambling shit he says about you in the Gryffindor Common Room, I go their to get away from Nott and Pansy's pining ways only to have to deal with his pining ways, it's annoying really. But, you should be flattered. I wish I had someone who talked about me like that." "You have George, shut up." "Valid point." Mae smiles at her children's antics, sitting up even more. She lets out a groan of pain, one of the bites open back up and both Elliot and Aurelia fall silent to stare at her with concerned expressions. She presses a hand to forearm, the hospital gown slips down from her bony shoulder revealing a very familiar sun-shaped birthmark — the mark of a Donum Vitae. "Oh, boy." Elliot says, looking at the mark then to Aurelia who's staring at the mark in surprise. "You're — that's a Donum Vitae mark." Aurelia says, pointing at Mae's arm. Mae grows even paler and covers up the mark, Aurelia frowns and she feels frustration building in the pit of her stomach. "Why did you — you didn't tell me? Why would you keep something like that from me?" Aurelia questions, crossing her arms over her chest. Mae's demeanour completely changes; the soft, woozy smiles is wiped off her face and her sharp features are more pronounced as she gives Aurelia a hardened glare "Don't. I don't have to tell ye anythin' about that." "What do you mean, you could have helped me, you surely must know how it works better than I do!" Aurelia says, giving her an incredulous look. Elliot grabs Aurelia's shoulder and shakes his head, whispering: "Don't, Lia." "It's none of yer business, Aurelia Alice. My Donum Vitae is not up for discussion." Mae says sharply. "What do you mean? How is not up for discussion, you're like me and you should be helping me not — you shouldn't hide this from me. I thought I was the only one but you're right there — you! You're a Donum Vitae —" "Go back home." Mae says, "Both of you." "What?" Aurelia sniffles, "What, why?" "It's late, both of you need rest. Go back home, I'll be out soon. Sooner than Arthur, that is. We can spend Christmas with the Lupins perhaps?" Mae says, completely changing the subject. There's a blank look on her face and she refuses to to look at Aurelia, instead she looks at Elliot. Aurelia goes to argue but Elliot squeezes her shoulder hard and speaks for the both of them "Of course, mum. We'll be back in the afternoon with the rest of the gang." He beams at her, "You should get some rest as well. See you later, mum!" "Farewell, my dears." Mae says, not meeting either of their eyes as she lays back in her bed. Elliot drags Aurelia out of the room, only pausing to ask Arthur how he was doing. Once they said goodbye to Arthur, Elliot is back to dragging Aurelia out of the ward. "Come on, Lia. We should head back to the house." Elliot says to a scowling Aurelia but he receives no answer so he adds, "I can tell you about it — about Mae's whatever Latin bullshit name that thing is called." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Mae is a Donum Vitae! And if you've read Bad Blood then you know she wasn't born as one so how do you think she became one? More importantly who do you think died to give her the Donum Vitae? word count: 5188
"I REMEMBER I WAS ALONE." ELLIOT SAYS, "I didn't know that Mae had died until years later. That's what a I really remember — I was alone again, like my father and mother had gone they had too. Bellatrix was with you, I suppose, you're her anchor next to Mae. Now, unlike my biological mother, they left me in the care of actual person, I can't really remember who but I believe it was Alice and Frank." He pauses to gauge Aurelia's reaction to the mention of the Longbottoms but she gives none, only gives him an impatient head nod for him to continue so he does "She was killed in a Death-Eater raid against Squibs, she wasn't the intended target considering the Death-Eaters involved were the Lestrange brothers, Rosier, and Rookwood, all of which knew not to touch mum because of Bellatrix. But, she was trying to protect a younger Squib, he was merely a teenager at the time. The Killing Curse hit her and they panicked. The Death-Eaters took her body and left so her name isn't in the article of the event because they had no idea she died. She must've been dead for a few days maybe longer, I'm not sure. The Prewetts died some time between her death and her revival." Aurelia frowns "The Prewetts, including Moira? Wow, imagine coming back to life only to find out the only sister who loves you died." No wonder Mae hated talking about her sister. Elliot shakes his finger at her, a weird look crossing his features as he continues "No, no. No, Lia. If you read the articles closely they never found her body with the Prewett twins — in fact they didn't find her body until a few days later not too far from Gideon's house." "Are you — you're saying that Moira lived through the attack?" Elliot nods "That's exactly what I'm saying, Lia." "Was Moira — are you saying that Moira is the one who gave her life for Mae?" Aurelia wonders, dreading the answer. "I believe so. Mae's never confirmed it, she won't ever talk about it. I've tried but she yelled at me, actually yelled. And she never apologised for it . . . But, it makes sense. Moira would've definitely give her life for Mae, they were the closest out of all Mae's siblings and Moira had lost everything is such a short time, her husband, brother-in-law, and her little sister. She must've had nothing to live for. I think she lived through the attack, maybe she wasn't there, maybe she escaped. I'm not sure. But, I believe she lived, found out that Mae died somehow and went to Bellatrix who told her about that thing and Moira agreed to it." "Merlin." Aurelia breathes out, "Do you really believe that's what happened, Ellie? Do you think that Moira really died to bring Mae back?" "Most likely, Lia, it makes sense why Mae won't talk about it." Elliot says, "After I asked her if that was true, a few days later, she brought me to Moira's grave to bring flowers. I think that was her way of telling me I was right without actually talking about it. She always apologises when she yells at us, always says 'sorry' you know but she never did in this situation, instead she let me have ice-cream for dinner and let me pick out the movie for that night even though she knew I was going to pick Pete's Dragon again. She didn't apologise because that would mean having to bring it up again, don't ever ask her about that again." Aurelia frowns, her stomach becoming queasy. She feels terrible for asking now. She digs her nails into the palms of her hands as tears start to burn her eyes, what if Mae stays mad at her forever for asking? What if Mae hates her now? Aurelia inhales sharply, what had she down? "Do you want anything from this place — a tea or something, Lia?" Elliot asks, he had apparated them behind a Muggle cafe a couple blocks from Grimmauld Place. She doesn't respond so he looks down at her. Aurelia's slumped against the brick wall of the alley, her chest rising and falling heavily and her green eyes wide, her hair is white and he wonders what he had said to make her react like this? "You alright there, Lia?" She shakes her head quickly, digging her nails in deeper, she wants to stop thinking about this, she doesn't want to think that Mae is going to hate her but it won't stop. "What's wrong?" Aurelia doesn't want to tell him because he knows Mae better than she does and what if he confirms her worst fear? Or what if he laughs at her for thinking something so ridiculous? "I don't know." Aurelia lies but Elliot can see right through her and he raises an eyebrow with earns a sigh from Aurelia. "I think it's those Anti-Depressant things Dr. Archer gave me, I don't think they're working very well." Aurelia says, this only half of a lie because they aren't working but that's not what's bothering her at the moment. "Oh, well, okay. You have an appointment with him sometime during our break, don' you? Well, don't worry about your meds until then." Elliot says awkwardly, "I'll ask Lyra for a Dreamless Sleep Potion for you, you definitely need some sleep, well, come on, er, before Molly starts to worry." ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ Aurelia's back in the white room, she makes herself look small as she tries not to attract the attention of the new ghosts — new victims. After her encounter with the shotgun-wielding ghost, Aurelia prefers interacting with the older victims, they're less hateful of her. She lets out sigh of relief seeing that Aurelia Carrow and Cedric are here this time — mostly it's Cedric who brings her relief, she had missed him. But, more importantly she missed him being alive. "Where have you been?" Aurelia questions, rushing over to the ghost of Cedric, he gives her a half-hearted grin. "I'm dead. I can be everywhere, Blue, I don't have a corporeal form." He says, it's meant to be funny but the reminder he's truly dead makes her frown, "I've just been watching over my parents, went and watched a Quidditch game for free the other day." Cedric turns to stare at the white wall with a forlorn expression. Aurelia frowns "Are you alright, Ced?" "Yeah, I'm fine. I should be asking how you are, Blue, I'm supposed to be your protector." "Actually, you're not." Aurelia Carrow says derisively, "I am, Griselda is, Marlene and Michael, but you . . . You're a free bird, Diggory." "Carrow's right," Aurelia says although she doesn't understand what Carrow really means, "You're not my protector, you're my friend. This works both ways and I asked you how you're doing first." Cedric sighs "I'm just tired, Blue, that's it. I'm sure you can understand that." "But, I . . . I thought ghosts don't feel anything." Aurelia says, feeling confused as to what Cedric means by that. "They don't if they're in the right place." Aurelia Carrow says, dead eyes narrowing as she looks from Aurelia to Cedric, "Diggory, my friend, you should tell her sooner rather than later. The longer you stay, the more unrest you'll feel and the more attached she'll feel to you. Take the chance to say goodbye while you still can, I never got to say goodbye to Herman and it haunts me everyday." Cedric looks torn and he reaches out to ruffle Aurelia's hair "Carrow's got a point . . . Blue, I'm not supposed to be here. There's nothing holding me back and there hasn't been since I found out you were alive, I should've passed on already but I didn't want to leave you like that and I think I've made things worse." "You're leaving?" Aurelia asks and Cedric nods slowly and tears start to blur her vision, "No, you can't leave! I need you, Ced, you can't leave me again! I can't — you can't just go, I need you, I need you really! Please don't leave! "It —" Aurelia's shaken awake much to her annoyance, Ginny's telling her they're heading off to St. Mungo's to see Arthur and that she can go see Mae again. Aurelia scowls "Fuck off." she grumbles at Ginny before rolling over and pulling the covers over her head. Of course, she should've known better — Ginny's not going to take her bullshit. Ginny rips the covers off of her "There's no need to take that tone with me, Blue! Besides you were having a bad dream, I doubt you actually wanted to sleep through that." "Maybe I did!" Aurelia hisses, pulling another one of her covers over her head only for Ginny to rip them away as well. "There's still no need to act like a git, Blue, I was only trying to help. Now get up, we're leaving in twenty." Ginny snaps, then turns on her heel and walks out of the room. Aurelia scowls but nevertheless she starts getting ready for St. Mungo's. Going back to sleep won't bring her back to the white room, she'll have to wait to get another Dreamless Sleep Potion before she can convince Cedric to stay with her. He can't leave her again. ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ As the group approaches St. Mungo's, Aurelia walks alongside Remus. She's pondering what Cedric's doing now, if he's left already, would he leave without saying goodbye, or is he waiting for her? These thoughts leave her in silent tears which blur her vision so she rubs her eyes with her hands and Aurelia nearly jumps out of her skin when Remus grabs her wrist, his features cloud with concern "What happened here?" "No — nothing." She lies, trying to pull away from him but his grip on her wrist is too firm, his eyes are squinted as he tries to read the words scarred on her head. "Who did this to you?" He demands in a quiet voice, he still looks concerned but she can hear the anger in his voice, Aurelia doesn't answer him, she tries to pull away again but he doesn't let go. "It was Umbridge wasn't it?" Remus questions, not even bothering to hide the distaste in his voice when he said her name, she hesitates before nodding. "It — it was from detention. But d — don't worry I told pr — Professor Sprout about it and she had a talk with Umbridge about her 'medieval ways'. It's been all sorted out, you don't need to worry about me." She lies, feeling quite proud of how smooth it had come out. "What on earth did you get detention for?" Remus asks as if he had never heard of her getting detention before. The year he taught, she got three detentions but to be fair they had all been from Professor Snape, who isn't very fair. "Er - well — I — you see." Aurelia says nervously, "She — she insulted you." "Of course, she did." "And — well — I may or may not have called her a miserable, racist c — c — cunt." She whispers the last part but Remus still hears what she says, his eyes widen and he goes to scold her but stops when he sees her lip quivering. "I don't like it when people talk bad about you. It's not — it's not right. You deserve so much better than that." Aurelia says tearfully. "Thank you." Remus replies quietly "I'd offer you some chocolate but for once I don't have any on me. Tonks ate the last of it." he adds with a laugh earning a small smile from Aurelia. "I think I got a chocolate bar or two on me, it's ok —" "Here we go" Moody announces interrupting Aurelia's and Remus' conversation, they had arrived outside a large, old-fashioned department store called Purge & Dowse Ltd. The place has a shabby, miserable air, the window displays consist of a few chipped dummies with their wigs askew, standing at random and modeling fashions at least ten years out of date. Large signs on all the dusty doors read: "Closed for Refurbishment". "Right." Nym begins, beckoning them towards a window displaying nothing but a particularly ugly female dummy. Its false eyelashes were hanging off and it was modeling a green nylon pinafore dress, "Everybody ready?" They nod, clustering around her, Nym leans close to the glass, looking up at the very ugly dummy, her breath steaming up the glass, "Wotcher . . . We're here to see Arthur Weasley." The dummy gives a tiny nod and beckons with its jointed finger, Nym seizes Ginny and Mrs. Weasley by the elbows and they step right through the glass then vanish. Remus and Aurelia go last, his hand holding her forearm in a gentle manner as they sweep across the waiting room, following after the rest of the group. Aurelia already knows where to go having been there a few hours later to see Mae but the others didn't and they had to ask the Healer at the receptionist desk. Arthur and Mae are in the Dai Llewellyn ward and that's exactly what the Healer tells Molly and the group heads there. It's at this moment that Aurelia remembers that Mae had yelled at her. Frowning, Aurelia tugs on Remus' jacket "Hey r — dad? Uh, how well do you know my mum — Mae?" "After everything we've been through, Mae and I? We're practically married." Remus quips then crinkles his nose, "It'd be a very awkward business-like marriage. Er, I know her quite well, Rory, why do you ask?" "She doesn't hold grudges, right, she, uh, she got mad at me. She got real mad at me when I visited, you don't think that . . . Well, you don't think that she'd still be mad?" Remus squeezes her shoulder comfortingly "No, of course not, I'm sure she's already forgiven you ten times over, Rory. Mae loves you so much, you and Ellie are her family, she could never stay mad at either of you for long." His words manage to calm her down slightly, they walk the rest of the way up to the ward in silence. Aurelia leans into Remus' side as his one arm his slung over her shoulder in a protective manner. He's right, Mae is right as rain when they speak with her. She hold no trace of anger or irritation against Aurelia as she approaches her bedside. Elliot is already there, helping Mae drink a cup of tea. She nearly spills the cup just to greet Aurelia and Remus. She reaches out her bony hands and grabs ahold of Aurelia's, she smiles wide at her "Wee moon! Ellie, here was tellin' me that ye wouldn't be comin'. He said that ye were sleepin'! I hope ye didn't wake up just for me!" Aurelia gives her a small smile and sits on the edge of Mae's bed "I mean technically I didn't wake up on my own." she says begrudgingly, "But, I would have if I hadn't been rudely awakened." Mae laughs lightly, patting Aurelia's knee "Ye need rest, wee moon! Both of ye! I will make sure that Remus sees to it that ye have a nice long nap when ye lot get back." "Actually, I'm going back to Almerry after this." Elliot says much to the surprise of Aurelia and Mae. Narrowing her green eyes, Mae questions what's his business going there at this time of year. Luckily for him, he doesn't have to answer because Molly's alarmed whisper of: "A werewolf? Is he safe in a public ward? Shouldn't he be in a private room?" "It's two weeks till full moon," Arthur reminds Molly quietly, "They've been talking to him this morning, the Healers, you know, trying to persuade him he'll be able to lead an almost normal life. I said to him — didn't mention names, of course — but I said I knew a werewolf personally, very nice man, who finds the condition quite easy to manage." "What did he say?" George asks. "Said he'd give me another bite if I didn't shut up," Arthur says sadly and Elliot snorts quietly at this which causes Aurelia to roll her eyes. "You would've totally said something like that." Elliot whispers to Aurelia who scowls. "Actually if I had ended up with Lycanthropy, I would have been dead." Aurelia counters dryly, focusing her attention back on Arthur. Trying to ignore Elliot's stare and the fact her bite mark is starting to burn, as if it's trying to remind her: 'hey, this could've been you.'. "And that woman over there," Arthur indicates the only other occupied bed, which is right beside the door, "Won't tell the Healers what bit her, which makes us all think it must have been something she was handling illegally. Whatever it was took a real chunk out of her leg,very nasty smell when they take off the dressings." "So, you going to tell us what happened, Dad?" Fred asks, pulling his chair closer to the bed. "Well, you already know, don't you?" Arthur says, with a significant smile at Harry, "It's very simple — I'd had a very long day, dozed off, got sneaked up on and bitten." "Is it in the Prophet, you two being attacked?" Fred asks, indicating the newspaper his father had cast aside. "No, of course not," Arthur says, with a slightly bitter smile, "the Ministry wouldn't want everyone to know a dirty great serpent got —" "Arthur!" Molly warns him. "— got — er — us," Arthur says hastily. "So where were you when it happened, Dad?" George asks. "That's my business," Arthur says, although with a small smile. He snatches up the Daily Prophet, shakes it open and adds, "I was just reading about Willy Widdershins's arrest when you arrived. You know Willy turned out to be behind those regurgitating toilets back in the summer? One of his jinxes backfired, the toilet exploded and they found him lying unconscious in the wreckage covered from head to foot in —" "When you say you were 'on duty'," Fred interrupts in a low voice, "what were you doing?" "You heard your father," Molly whispers, "we are not discussing this here! Go on about Willy Widdershins, Arthur." "Well, don't ask me how, but he actually got off the toilet charge," Arthur says grimly. "I can only suppose gold changed hands —" "You were guarding it, weren't you?" George says quietly, "The weapon? The thing You-Know- Who's after?" "George, be quiet!" Molly snaps. "Anyway," Arthur raises his voice, "this time Willy's been caught selling biting doorknobs to Muggles and I don't think he'll be able to worm his way out of it because, according to this article, two Muggles have lost fingers and are now in St. Mungo's for emergency bone regrowth and memory modification. Just think of it, Muggles in St. Mungo's! I wonder which ward they're in?" "Didn't you say You-Know-Who's got a snake, Harry?" Fred ask, looking at his father for a reaction. "A massive one? You saw it the night he returned, didn't you?" If he had just turned his head slightly, he would've seen Mae grow incredibly pale at his words. Mae's grip on Aurelia's knee tightens and she swears in Gaelic under her breath. "That's enough," Molly says crossly, "Mad-Eye and Tonks are outside, Arthur, they want to come and see you. And you lot can wait outside," she added to her children and Harry. "You can come and say goodbye afterwards. Go on." Mae frowns at this "Oh, I need to speak with Tonks about somethin', you two should go on out with the rest of them." Mae says and both Elliot and Aurelia go to protest but she continues speaking, "Please don't argue with me, my dears, not right now. I know ye just got here, wee moon but the matter I need to speak about with Tonks is quite urgent and none of your concern at the moment. And, Ellie, love, ye have been here for an hour, ye should go home at get some rest." Elliot and Aurelia share an annoyed look but they comply to Mae's request, not wanting to stress her out anymore. Mae smiles up at them and kisses their hands as they say their farewells. Aurelia pulls Mae into a hug at the last moment, guilt overwhelming about their little spat the previous visit "I'm sorry, mum, I love ye." "Don't apologise, wee moon, I love ye too! Now go and get some rest, I swear the circles under yer eyes are blacker than yer name!" Aurelia laughs at that as she ushered out the ward alongside the other Weasley children, Elliot, and Harry by a fuming Molly. In turn, Moody and Tonks go in and close the door behind them, Fred scowls at that and begins to rummage through his pockets for what Aurelia can only assume to be their Extendable Ears. Not in the mood to eavesdrop today, as Aurelia recalls Mae's choice of words 'not your concern at the moment' which means Mae will eventually tell her. At least she hopes so, while Aurelia often thinks Mae is being more secretive now at times, she's also noticed that Mae's been more truthful at times as well. Whatever she has to discuss with Nym, Aurelia has a feeling, won't be kept from her for very long. She turns on her heel and wanders down the stairs, maybe she'll go find herself a cup of tea or something to eat. Aurelia lets out a loud yawn, feeling quite tired. Maybe, Mae is right, she does need lots of rest. On the way down she bumps into a familiar face — Thalia Hattersley. Thalia curses loudly, clutching her chest. She calms down quickly as she realises who she had bumped into, pushing her Muggle-dyed orange hair out of her face, Thalia grins "Oh, wotcher, Blue! What are you doing here?" "Visiting Mae. I could ask the same about you, Hattersley, did you get hurt on duty?" Aurelia wonders, by duty she means working for Azkaban, not the order. She hopes Thalia's not here because of something her deranged mother had done. "Nah, I'm just here to visit Frank Longbottom," Thalia says still grinning completely unaware of the frozen, shocked expression on Aurelia's face, "Funny I should run into you because your mum's the one who requested I visit him. She requests it every year 'round this time but I'm the only one who actually does it. Maybe if I tell her I saw you this time, she won't try to fight me this time 'round. Anyways, I'm only on lunch break, so I really must be going, see you 'round, Blue!" And then Thalia's back on her way up the stairs leaving behind a thoroughly confused and upset Aurelia who's stunned to silence. She stands completely still for a quite a while, no longer hungry or thirsty, she just feels numb and then ever so slowly Aurelia turns around and heads back to the others and like her they all seemed to be wearing fearful, shocked expressions. Especially Harry, who drops the Extendable Ears just as Aurelia comes to a stop in front of them. Raising an eyebrow, she asks: "What did I miss?" (Big mistake on her part.) ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ "Here you go, Lia, sleep tight, don't let the Doxies bite!" Elliot says quickly, it's been a couple hours since they got back to Grimmauld Place and it's late but it's nowhere near bed time for either Aurelia or Elliot. But, he seems to be in a rush as he shoves a cup of Dreamless Sleep Potion into her hands, Aurelia assumes he's going to Almerry Castle while all the adults are busy with one of their order meetings. So, Aurelia doesn't say anything and takes the potion from him, she tries to say goodbye to him but Elliot's already heading down the stairs. Aurelia frowns as she watches Elliot's retreating form, she looks at the cup of Dreamless Sleep Potion. Does she drink it and face having to say goodbye to Cedric? She knows Cedric would wait for her, it shouldn't have taken her so long to realise that he would, she should have known him better than that but she realises Cedric would wait for her and so she wonders does she drink it and say goodbye or does she leave it and keep Cedric with her — she can't lose Cedric again. This time it would be permanent and she needs him, she'll always need him. She has never been good at goodbye especially goodbyes that meant forever. Aurelia sobs quietly as she tips the potion down the drain, she'd suffer a thousand nightmares just to keep with Cedric with her. Aurelia may never be able to interact with him but at least she knows he's there, watching over her. She can't lose him again, she just can't. A choked sob escapes her lips as she watches the steaming liquid trickle down the drain, her heart jumps weirdly in her chest and her stomach twists with some weird emotion that Aurelia can't name, her gold curls are damp and pressed against her wet forehead and she looks like a mess as she looks up into the mirror. She nearly jumps out of her skin, swearing that she sees Cedric standing behind her wearing a disappointed expression. But, she knows that's not possible, they told her that they can't be seen or interacted with unless she's under the influence of the Dreamless Sleep Potion or she's been knocked out cold. Aurelia blinks and he's gone and she wonders if she's going crazy, if she's finally snapped? ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: Aurelia is on her way to a mental break down, next stop angst central! I hope you enjoyed the first of the series of unfortunate choices Aurelia's going to make — oh, we get to meet Frank Longbottom, so there's that! word count: 4605
ACT ii, CHAPTER fifty-two! lii. Christmas at St. Mungo's x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x CLUTCHING THE ARMS OF THE CHAIR, AURELIA frowns as she surveys the office around her. Dr. Archer's office is half-packed away, most of the plaques are gone, the decorations and flags are gone "Are you leaving?" Aurelia wonders, completely dodging his questions, which is mostly on accident on her part as she had been distracted. Atticus Archer gives her a look but answers nevertheless "Somewhat, Aurelia, I currently live with Laz and Ara but I still come back from time to time, namely for you and my newest patient — I haven't met them yet but I will be soon and thus I will be here once a week for them and once you're done school for the year I will be here twice a week." "Are you sure that's safe and all, with your father, you know . . . ." Atticus gives her a bitter smile "Safe enough but this is your session, save any questions you have for me until after. Now, Aurelia —" "They think I'm possessed by Voldemort." Aurelia says, fiddling with the hem of her Christmas-themed sweater dress, it was ugly looking but it was nowhere near as bad as the sweater Elliot was wearing. This wasn't the answer Atticus was looking for either, it had nothing to do with the question he had asked and he flinches at his father's moniker but Aurelia doesn't want to talk about Cedric anymore, there's still a weird feeling in her stomach whenever she thinks of him. However, Atticus lets her speak about it, leaning in and beckoning her to continue speaking, he pulls out his pen to write things down on his pad. "I didn't want to eavesdrop this time around, the one time, I figured Mae would tell me afterwards, she made it sound like she was going to tell me afterwards so despite my thoughts on what she wanted to speak with Nym about I decided, maybe this time, she'll tell me. So I decided to wander around and do you know who I ran into? Thalia fucking Hattersley who was going to visit Frank fucking Longbottom on a request by my mum — the one in Azkaban for torturing him and his wife and son! Why she can't just leave them alone? I don't fucking know?" Aurelia shakes her head angrily, "Anyway, that little encounter didn't last very long and I ended up going back to the group just in time to find out they heard some troubling shit! And I just had to ask!" Aurelia takes a deep breath, sinking back into the armchair "They overhead the adults throwing around theories — they think Harry could be possessed by Voldemort and that urgent thing my mum wanted to talk with Nym about — getting the Christmas presents to us in case she doesn't get released from St. Mungo's in time." she rolls her eyes, "Anyway, to make Harry feel better, the others were saying that I'm possessed by Voldemort to — they even said that it's more likely that I am than he is. And I know that they weren't scared and they didn't care if we were or not but it made me so angry, I'm always so angry and I don't understand. Things that shouldn't make me angry do — they said that because of my family — its always because of them and it's not fucking fair. I'm just so —" Aurelia stops herself as she feels more tears burning her eyes, she sinks further back into the arm chair and takes a deep breath to calm herself "It shouldn't have made me that angry, I always feel so angry or sad or just so fucking numb. It's like my body cycles through those three bloody emotions all the time and it's so rare that I feel happy anymore, I just want to be happy again, I'm so sick and tired of feeling like this, I don't know how much longer I can handle it." "Is the medication not helping?" Atticus wonders, Aurelia shakes her head and he writes something down on his pad, "I'll prescribe you another type of anti-depressant then, see if they work better. Of course, you'll need to understand that the medication won't make you happy but it'll help make things easier, however, by the sounds of it the medication you're on now isn't helping at all." "It did in the beginning." Aurelia mumbles, "I'm not sure what happened but a month into Hogwarts they just seemed to not help at all." "Have you been talking any potions besides the Dreamless Sleep Potion?" Atticus asks, "The Dreamless Sleep Potion doesn't effect the medication as badly when it's taken but other potions have been known to alters the effects of it." "Oh." Aurelia says, thinking of that Cat's Tongue Potion Lyra's been giving her and how the medication did stop working after she started giving the potion to her everyday but Aurelia literally can't tell Atticus that so she pretends to think and shakes her head, "None that I take regularly." "Mhm," Atticus says, "Well, perhaps it's the medication itself. I'll prescribe a new prescription for you and in a month, owl me to let me know if it's working better. If it is, then good, but if it isn't I'll find something else for you. It's the same as healing, Aurelia, these things take time, we will find one that works." "I just want to be happy." Aurelia says softly, brushing away tears, and she looks up at the clock in the wall, wishing that this session could be over so she could go home and sleep. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Aurelia wakes up on Christmas Morning to Sirius singing once more "God Rest Ye, Merry Hippogriffs" at the top of his lungs. She uses her pillow to cover her ears as the singing gets louder. The pillow doesn't help much and she's quite sure that Sirius is standing right outside of her door, Aurelia groans as she sits up. Glancing around the room she notices that both Hermione and Ginny are already up. "Shut up!" Aurelia snaps, rubbing sleep from her eyes. The singing stops "Oh, you're finally up!" "No, this is just a muggle recording machine thing, please leave a message at the beep!" Aurelia retorts sarcastically and the singing continues, only louder this time. She rolls her eyes "Alright, alright! I'm up!" Once again the singing stops and she hears Sirius walk downstairs. Aurelia drags herself out of bed, she supposes she should wear something nice today, after all, it is Christmas and they're going to visit Arthur and Mae. She had just finished pulling on her old Weasley sweater, and thankfully so, as the door is all but kicked open by Fred, George, and Elliot. "Happy Christmas, Little Blue!" They scream which causes her to scream. Clutching her chest, she curses loudly "Holy fuck!" The three boys snickers as Aurelia glares at them "Haven't you ever heard of knocking?!" They share glances before replying with a loud "No!" She rolls her eyes but smiles nevertheless "Happy Christmas." Elliot glances at the edge of her bed and gasps loudly "You haven't opened your — more specifically mine — Christmas gifts yet?! What are you bloody waiting for — Oh! Wait, never mind, it is Christmas." "I just got up, calm down, Ellie." She replies flatly. "Well, go on! Open them! We haven't got all day!" He tells her, gesturing to the pile of presents, she glances over at them, normally she's happy on Christmas day but like last year she is the furthest thing from happy, and she hates herself for it, it's Christmas, how can you not be happy on Christmas?! The three boys obviously take notice to how unhappy and tired Aurelia looks but they choose not to comment on it. "Okay, okay. I will." She sighs, moving towards the pile of presents, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Open mine first!" Elliot tells her, smiling wide. "No!" Fred disagrees. "Open ours first!" George says and Elliot swats at him playfully, giving the two of them glares. "No, mine!" Aurelia rolls her eyes at their antics, it's not hard to tell they're doing this to cheer her up. But, it's not working it's causing irritation to bubble in the pit of her stomach, she just wants to be alone, but she knows that she shouldn't feel this way, they're just trying to be nice. So, she forces a small smile and picks up a small neatly wrapped blue present that Aurelia knows came from neither of the three boys, who all make noises of disappointment at this, she gives them a half-hearted cheeky grin as she opens it. It's from Andromeda, it's a new journal for Aurelia to write down her spells, poems, and stories. Although she feels bad that Andromeda had went out and got it for her because she had hardly written any spells, poems, and stories in what seems like forever. Slowly, she begins making her way through her pile of presents, leaving their gifts for last just to tease them. But, as she reaches for Fred's present, she notices a gold package "Who's that from?" Aurelia wonders. Elliot glances at it and shrugs, saying: "Tonks brought it along with our other gifts but she said it came in the mail this morning." "It must be from lover boy." George jokes, earning snickers from Elliot and Fred. She places Fred's present down and picks up the gold package, sure enough, George is right, the package is indeed from Neville. Attached to it is a little card with Sunflowers on it, Aurelia pauses to read it and it's a generic Happy Christmas message and then it explains how he bought the gift in the package because he noticed she lost her 'favourite' necklace. Which, she hadn't lost, it's somewhere at Almerry Castle she just doesn't wear it anymore because she knows it's from Bellatrix. However, Neville doesn't know that. — I know it's not the same as the one you lost but I hope you love it just as much. Love, Neville! Ripping open the package Aurelia discovers the necklace is of her first snitch she had ever caught, only, it's a bit smaller, she can tell because she had melted the wings trying to get it — she thought she was going to die when she had caught it because she had fallen of her broom so her Donum Vitae had activated for a split second just enough to melt the one wing before she had caught hold of her broom and definitely didn't plunge to her death. She had stood up on her broom, definitely the most Harry Potter thing she had ever done because she was determined to get that snitch before the other seeker, who was right on her tail did, so she stood up and grabbed ahold of the snitch. It hadn't been a very smart idea because just as she caught it she lost balance and fell but managed to grab ahold of the broom before it was too late with her free hand. It may have been a bit dramatic but it had been her first game as a seeker and Aurelia had been very determined to win, Neville had given her the scolding of a life time for that; she smiles fondly at the memory. After putting on the necklace she reaches for Elliot's present which happens to a new copy of the Phantom of the Opera musical, hers had been skipping because she listened to it so often. Then she opens the Twins, first George's then Fred's but they're both just a bunch of joke products they had invented themselves, they tell her they'll help her out of detentions and classes, stuff like that. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Afternoon comes around and they go to St. Mungo's to visit Arthur and Mae, while Arthur is still covered in bandages, it seems Mae is almost completely healed and she tells Aurelia and Elliot that she will be out before they go back to Hogwarts. Both of them are relieved by this news, as they feel horribly out of place at Grimmauld Place without her there, they pull Mae into the tightest hug they can manage. Not too long into the visit, Arthur sort of admits to getting stitches, a Muggle form of healing wounds, Aurelia had to get them once. Back when she was twelve, thanks to Elliot, of course, who had been trying to show her how to sneak out of the second-story window, there's a little patch of roof outside one of the windows along with this ladder type of thing that vines and flowers grow on. Elliot had been showing her how to climb, for some reason she can't recall, at the time she had done whatever he asked her too, down it when she had fallen. She had slipped off the little patch of roof and she had fallen on a tree branch that Elliot had noticed yet didn't think to move it in case something went wrong, Aurelia ended up with a large cut on her leg that left a nasty scar. Luckily Mae had been home at the time and she had stitched it back up. However, Molly doesn't agree with his decision, letting out something that was between a snarl and a shriek, Arthur looks terrified. Aurelia feels bad for him but she dares not get involved in fear of starting something between Molly and Mae. Bill mutters something about getting a cup of tea, Fred, George, and Elliot go with him. Remus strolls over to the other patient in the room, the one that had been bitten by a werewolf. Arthur tries to calm his wife down, although he doesn't do a good job at it "Well. . . Well, I don't know whether you know what — what stitches are?" Arthur questions hesitantly. "It sounds as though you've been trying to sew your skin back together." Molly replies with a snort of mirthless laughter, "But even you, Arthur, wouldn't be that stupid —" "I fancy a cup of tea, too!" Harry says suddenly, jumping to his feet. Aurelia, Hermione, Ron, and Ginny almost sprint to the door behind him. As it swings closed behind them, they hear Molly shriek, "What do you mean that's the general idea?!" "Typical Dad." Ginny says, slightly amused as she shakes her head, walking down the corridor with the others "Stitches . . . I ask you . . ." "Well, you know, they do work well on non-magical wounds," Hermione replies, "I suppose something in that snake's venom dissolves them or something. I wonder where the tearoom is?" "Fifth floor." Aurelia replies off-handedly, remembering the sign over the welcome witch's desk. They walk along the corridor, through a set of double doors and find a rickety staircase lined with more portraits of brutal-looking Healers. As they climb it, the various Healers call out to them, diagnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible remedies. Aurelia and Ron are seriously affronted when a medieval wizard calls out to them that they clearly have a bad case of Spattergroit. "And what's that supposed to be?" Ron asks angrily, as the Healer pursues them through six more portraits, shoving the occupants out of the way. "Tis' a most grievous affliction of the skin, young master, that will leave you pockmarked and more gruesome even than you are now —" "Hey! Watch who you're calling gruesome!" Aurelia and Ron cry, his ears and her face turning red. She does her best to mask her her scars, and looks away from the portraits. "— The only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind it tight about your throat, stand naked at the full moon in a barrel of eels' eyes —" "We have not got spattergroit!" "But the unsightly blemishes upon your visage, young master —" "They're freckles!" Aurelia snaps, although she's concerned by the fact a Healer did not know what freckles are. "Now get back in your own picture and leave us alone!" Ron exclaims, rounding on the others, who are all keeping determinedly straight faces "What floor's this?" "I think it's the fifth." Hermione says. "Don't laugh." Aurelia says shortly, peering at the faces of her friends. "We're not." Ginny replies, trying very hard to stifle a laugh. "Nah, it's the fourth." Harry pipes in, causing Aurelia to freeze, "One more —" Aurelia remembers that the Longbottoms are on this floor, of course, she wanted to check on them, between being way better at Legilimency and what Thalia had told her awhile ago about visiting Frank on Bellatrix's behalf, she wants to make sure they're alright. But, she can't do that with them there as none of them, save Harry, know about Neville's parents. As Harry steps onto the landing he comes to an abrupt halt, staring at the small window set into the double doors that marked the start of a corridor signposted 'Spell Damage'. A man is peering out at them all with his nose pressed against the glass. He's wavy blond hair, bright blue eyes and a broad vacant smile that reveal dazzlingly white teeth — Lockhart. Well, shit. "Blimey!" Ron exclaims, also staring at the man. "Oh, my goodness!" Hermione says suddenly sounding breathless, "Professor Lockhart!" Their ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts professor pushes open the doors and moves towards them, wearing a long lilac dressing gown. Aurelia feels her breath catch in her throat, she wants to get the group far away from this level as she possibly could. The last thing she needs is them finding out about the Longbottoms on her behalf, Neville would be so upset with her if she let that happen. Not to mention, Neville might even be here as it is Christmas Day and he always visits his parents on that day. "Well, hello there!" Lockhart says, "I expect you'd like my autograph, would you?" "Hasn't changed much, has he?" Harry mutters to Ginny, who grins. "Er — how are you, Professor?" said Ron, sounding slightly guilty. Aurelia had heard it had been Ron's malfunctioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockhart's memory so badly that he had landed in St. Mungo's in the first place, although Lockhart had been attempting to permanently wipe Harry and Ron's memories at the time, so Aurelia thinks Lockhart kinda deserved what he got. "I'm very well indeed, thank you!" Lockhart replies exuberantly as he pulls a rather battered peacock feather quill from his pocket, "Now, how many autographs would you like? I can do joined-up writing now, you know!" "Er — we don't want any at the moment, thanks," Ron says, raising his eyebrows at Harry, who asks: "Professor, should you be wandering around the corridors? Shouldn't you be in a ward?" The smile fades slowly from Lockhart's face. For a few moments he gazes intently at Harry, then he says, "Haven't we met?" "Er . . . yeah, we have," Harry says, "You used to teach us at Hogwarts, remember?" "Teach?" He repeats, looking faintly unsettled. "Me? Did I?" And then the smile reappears upon his face so suddenly it's alarming, "Taught you everything you know, I expect, did I? Well, how about those autographs, then? Shall we say around a dozen, you can give them to all your little friends then and nobody will be left out!" But just then a head pokes out of the door at the far end of the corridor and a voice calls, "Gilderoy, you naughty boy, where have you wandered off to?" A motherly-looking Healer comes bustling up the corridor, smiling warmly at Aurelia and the others, "Oh, Gilderoy, you've got visitors! How lovely, and on Christmas Day, too! Do you know, he never gets visitors, poor lamb, and I can't think why, he's such a sweetie, aren't you?" "We're doing autographs!" Gilderoy tells the healer with another glittering smile "They want loads of them, won't take no for an answer! I just hope we've got enough photographs!" "Listen to him," The Healer says, taking Lockhart's arm and beaming fondly at him as though he's a small child, "He was rather well known a few years ago; we very much hope that this liking for giving autographs is a sign that his memory might be starting to come back. Will you step this way? He's in a closed ward, you know, he must have slipped out while I was bringing in the Christmas presents, the door's usually kept locked . . . Not that he's dangerous! But . . ." she lowers her voice to a whisper, "He's a bit of a danger to himself, bless him . . . Doesn't know who he is, you see, wanders off and can't remember how to get back . . . It is nice of you to have come to see him." "Er," Ron says, gesturing uselessly at the floor above, "Actually, we were just — er —" but she's smiling expectantly at them, and Ron's feeble mutter of "Going to have a cup of tea" trails away into nothingness. They all look at each other helplessly, then follow Lockhart and his Healer along the corridor. "Let's not stay long," Ron says quietly. "Let's not stay at all." Aurelia says snippily, looking around the ward nervously, praying that they won't run into Neville or Augusta Longbottom "You alright, Blue?" Ron asks, noticing her peculiar behaviour She nods, through gritted teeth, replying: "I'm just great!" The Healer points her wand at the door of the Janus Thickey Ward and mutters, "Alohomora." the door swings open and she leads the way inside, keeping a firm grasp on Gilderoy's arm until she had settled him into an armchair beside his bed. "This is our long-term residents' ward," she informs them in a low voice. "For permanent spell damage, you know. Of course, with intensive remedial potions and charms and a bit of luck, we can produce some improvement. Gilderoy does seem to be getting back some sense of himself, and we've seen a real improvement in Mr. Bode, he seems to be regaining the power of speech very well, though he isn't speaking any language we recognize yet. And, you, Miss. Black, we thought for sure you were going to be here for a long time, but the damage wasn't as bad as we thought and you made a perfect recovery. Well, I must finish giving out the Christmas presents, I'll leave you all to chat." Aurelia digs her nails into her palms, hating that the Healer brought that up, she squeezes her eyes shut and tries her best not to think of Goyle. Taking some deep breaths, Aurelia opens her eyes and glances around the ward again, near the end of the ward she can see a man, obviously a patient, drawing something as he sits at a small table, he looks familiar and it feels as though she had been punched in the gut. He looks similar to Neville, that must be Frank Longbottom, which means that Neville and his grandmother are nearby, she hopes that they don't run into them. However, it looks like she's not getting a Christmas miracle as she spots a formidable-looking old witch wearing a long green dress, a moth-eaten fox fur coat and a pointed hat decorated with what was unmistakably a stuffed vulture — Augusta Longbottom! And unfortunately, the older woman had spotted her as well. Aurelia had never formally met Augusta Longbottom before. She had seen the older woman on the platform at the beginning of the school years and at the end of them, always calling Neville over to bring him home but no words were ever exchanged between the two, merely waves and a dirty look or curt nod here and there. Nor are any words exchanged now as Aurelia cowers under Augusta's withering glare, her blue hair growing dark. Neville's quick to notice Aurelia and his eyes widened, the ghost of a smile on appears on his face but it's quickly diminished as Ron calls out to him, Neville looks as though he had dodged a bullet when he hears Ron's voice. "It's us, Neville!" Ron calls out brightly as he gets to his feet, "Have you seen — Lockhart's here! Who've you been visiting?" Aurelia is frozen, something bad is gonna happen, something bad is gonna happen, something bad is gonna happen, she is overcome with dread and she can do nothing but stand in silence as Augusta starts walking towards them. She wishes there is some way she can tell them about the situation quickly so they can pretend that they know about Neville's parents and Neville won't get in trouble for not saying anything about it from his grandmother. But, Aurelia has no clue as to how she can do that, she feels powerless. "Friends of yours, Neville, dear?" Augusta asked graciously, tearing her steely gaze away from Aurelia to look at the others. Neville looks down at his feet, Aurelia rushes forward and hugs him, Augusta is too busy surveying Harry Potter with beady eyes to say anything about this. When she pulls away, Neville grabs her hand, tensing up as though preparing for something bad. "Ah, yes." August says, looking closely at Harry and sticking out a shriveled, clawlike hand for him to shake. "Yes, yes, I know who you are, of course. Neville speaks most highly of you." "Er — thanks," Harry mumbles, shaking her hand. "And you two are clearly Weasleys." She continues, proffering her hand regally to Ron and Ginny in turn "Yes, I know your parents — not well, of course, — but fine people, fine people . . . And you must be Hermione Granger?" Hermione looks rather startled that Mrs. Longbottom knows her name, but shakes hands all the same. "And that's Aurelia Black." Ginny says, pointing at Aurelia, so unaware that Augusta definitely knows who she is, "I'm sure Neville talks about her most of all, they're best friends." "Yes, Neville's told me all about you. Helped him out of a few sticky spots, haven't you? He's a good boy." She says, casting a sternly appraising look down her rather bony nose at Neville, "But he hasn't got his father's talent, I'm afraid to say." "What?" Ron gasps, looking amazed. Aurelia wants nothing more than to stomp on Ron's foot, but that sort of thing is much harder to hide when you're wearing jeans and not robes. "Is that your dad down the end, Neville?" "What's this?" Augusta questions sharply, "Haven't you told your friends about your parents, Neville?" Neville takes a deep breath, looks up at the ceiling and shakes his head, Aurelia looks at Augusta, watching the older woman turn red in the face. "Well, it's nothing to be ashamed of!" Augusta cries angrily, "You should be proud, Neville, proud! They didn't give their health and their sanity so their only son would be ashamed of them, you know!" "I'm not ashamed," Neville whispers, squeezing Aurelia's hands tighter, and Aurelia clenches her free hand into a fist at her sides. "That is such bullshit!" Aurelia exclaims, "He is not ashamed! He talks about his parents a lot, he's very fucking proud of them, Neville just never told them about his parents and they never thought to ask about why he always mentions his grandmother but not his parents. Don't ever say he's ashamed of them because he is far from it!" "Remaining silent is being proud of his parents then, Black? Well, I see why you would think that. How do you feel about your parents?" Augusta says cooly and it's enough to shut Aurelia up. "My son and his wife were tortured into insanity by You- Know-Who's followers." Augusta says, not tearing her steely gaze away from Aurelia who is now crying freely. Hermione and Ginny both clap their hands over their mouths. Ron stops craning his neck to catch a glimpse of Neville's parents and looks mortified, Aurelia bites her lip to stop the loud sob that wants to escape. "They were Aurors, you know, and very well respected within the wizarding community, highly gifted, the pair of them. I — yes, Alice dear, what is it?" Alice Longbottom had come edging down the ward in her nightdress, as usual she does not speak, she only makes timid motions towards Neville, holding something in her outstretched hand. "Again?" Augusta sighs, sounding slightly weary "Very well, Alice dear, very well — Neville, take it, whatever it is." But Neville has already stretched out his hand, into which his mother drops an empty Drooble's Best Blowing Gum wrapper. Aurelia places a hand over her mouth to muffle her sobs, but somehow she manages to catch the woman's attention, Alice stares at her, her eyes wide. "Very nice, dear," Augusta says in a falsely cheery voice, patting Alice on the shoulder, she looks away from Aurelia and back at her son, an absent-minded smile on her face. "Thanks, mum." Neville says quietly. Alice totters away, back up the ward, humming to herself. Neville looks around at the others, his expression defiant, as though daring them to laugh, Aurelia looks at the ground as the tears fall freely from her eyes. "Well, we'd better get back." Augusta sighs, drawing on long green gloves. "Very nice to have met you four. Neville, put that wrapper in the bin, she must have given you enough of them to paper your bedroom by now." Neville slips the wrapper into his back pocket, suddenly he pulls Aurelia into a tight hug, his grandmother calls out his name again in a harsher tone, the hug ends way too quickly for her liking as Neville scurries after his grandmother. As the door closes behind the pair, Alice comes back around even timider than before, there's something in her hand again. Her wide eyes are set on Aurelia. When Aurelia doesn't hold out her hand, she motions for it, hesitantly Aurelia holds out her hand. Aurelia's entire body is shaking in fear and Aurelia's waiting for Alice to start screaming bloody murder because there's someone that looks nearly identical to Bellatrix Lestrange standing before her, however this doesn't happen. Alice places a bubblegum wrapper in Aurelia's hand but it doesn't feel empty, she smiles at Aurelia. So, Aurelia opens the twisted wrapper to find a small silver chain, it's a necklace. More specifically a friendship necklace, little 'B' and 'F' pendants are attached to it. Tears blur her vision but she forces a smile on her face looking at Alice, who walks away finally. "I never knew." Hermione says, looking tearful. "Nor did I." Ron mumbles rather hoarsely. "Nor me." Ginny whispers. They look at Harry and Aurelia, who is staring at the necklace in her hand. "I did," Harry says glumly, "Dumbledore told me but I promised I wouldn't tell anyone . . . That's what . . . Bellatrix Lestrange got sent to Azkaban for, using the Cruciatus Curse on Neville's parents until they lost their minds." The other three look at Aurelia, who is shaking badly, she dares not look up at them. "It's all my fault." She whispers. Aurelia never asked to be born. She never wanted to be Bellatrix's daughter, she never wanted any of this. Aurelia never didn't like being a Malfoy, she had been tricked to falsely believe she had abused and cast aside because they thought that was what was best for her. She didn't like being a Black, she was constantly compared to the other members of her family. Everyone was waiting for her to snap like her mother and Sirius (supposedly) did, they were waiting for her to become a Death-Eater. She doesn't want any of this. The only redeeming parts of her family is the Tonks, Mae, Elliot, Sirius, and of course her father, Remus. But Remus deserve better than being her father, he didn't deserve to be used for Fenrir Greyback's plan, he is too good to be her father. She wishes she had never born. Aurelia clutches the necklace and bubblegum wrapper, Alice Longbottom had given her in her hand. It was your fault! It was your fault they trusted your mother in the first place. If she had not been born they wouldn't have stayed so closely connected to her. If she had not been born, maybe Alice and Frank would still be sane, Neville would have his mother and father if it wasn't for her. "Bellatrix Lestrange?" Hermione echoes looking to Aurelia, "Your aunt?" She couldn't even bring herself to nod, she looked at Alice who was now staring out the window, watching the snow fall. It's all your fault! Aurelia whimpers, placing the necklace and bubblegum wrapper in her jean pocket, you're a horrible person, undeserving of anything good. "We should head back." Harry suggests and so the four of them turn to leave the ward but Aurelia stays rooted into place. Ginny calls back to her but Aurelia tells her that she's going to stay here for a little bit longer. They leave her behind without another, Aurelia wipes her tears from her eyes and heads over to Frank Longbottom, she just wants to make sure she's okay. She doubts Thalia would've done anything to knowingly hurt him but she could've said something without realising it. Whatever reason her mum wanted to have someone visit Frank, it couldn't have been good. All she needed to do is make sure he was okay and then she could go back to Mae and the others. Aurelia sits down across from him at the table, he tenses up but he completely ignores her and continues to draw. Despite his shaking hands, what he's drawing looks very good, it's a person Aurelia can tell that much, but she can't tell who it is. "Hello." Aurelia says softly, he pauses for a moment, his grip on the brown crayon tightening before he continues to draw, "Who are you drawing?" He continues to ignore her, she tries to get inside his mind but she can't. Something is stopping her, he's stopping her. Which means that he's more aware than he lets on; Aurelia stops pushing into his mind at once. "It's pretty." Aurelia says, "I don't want to hurt you, I promise. I just want to make sure you're alright, I know that someone came in to see you the other day on Bellatrix's request —" Frank freezes, dropping his crayon and looking up at her with a defiant glare. She swallows thickly at this, she feels like she's doing something wrong but she just wants to help "I just — I know that — I, well, I just wanted to make sure you're alright, that's all." Frank glares at her with this half-smug, half-blank expression and then he does the last thing she expected him to do, he speaks, it sounds like a low groan and his voice cracks with every word but without a shadow of a doubt, he speaks. "I'm not falling for it, Gwendoline Goyle." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: I was going to put the entire Frank interaction into this chapter because I was so proud of it but the chapter would've been like 9k words long and I'm not going to put you through all that just yet (I'm saving that for the DoM sequence) but besides that this is the first chapter I've been proud of in months and I'm so happy with it and I really hope you liked it as well! word count: 6205
ACT ii, CHAPTER fifty-three! liii. Paracosm x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x AURELIA STARES AT FRANK WITH WIDE EYES, he stares right back at her with narrowed eyes. He had talked, he had opened his mouth and spoke coherent words "Y — y — you spoke." Aurelia says bewildered, nearly falling off her chair in surprise. "Yeah, I spoke. You haven't broken me yet, Goyle." He says with what seems like great difficultly. Aurelia blinks, unsure of what to say next, she hadn't expected him to speak at all "How long — have you been able to speak this entire time?" she wonders if he had, would the Healers really not have noticed that, or had they and just decided not to say anything because they didn't want to give the Longbottoms false hope? Or was she just going crazy, was he even really speaking to her, surely if he had the ability to speak, the Healers would've figured that out by now, wouldn't they have? Frank leans forward "What are you playing at this time?" "This time?" Aurelia echoes, "I think you're confused, sir, this is the first time we've ever spoken." Frank laughs bitterly, his voice cracks even more and it sounds painful. Aurelia wishes that he wouldn't speak because she doesn't want him to hurt himself. He then leans backwards, giving her a bored look "Going for the innocent stranger route today, Goyle, I must say you have a lot more patience than I expected, aren't you angry that I'm still not giving the answers you want?" "Oh." Aurelia says, suddenly realising what he means. It sounds like he still thinks he's being held captive. Her heart gives a painful jolt, he's spent the past fourteen years believing that he's not safe, trapped by a bunch of merciless Death-Eaters; she starts to cry. Frank does not expect this and he moves further away from Aurelia, he looks beyond alarmed, as though crying was worse than what Death-Eaters could do to him. "You're in St. Mungo's, sir, I'm not a Death-Eater, and I'm certainly not Goyle, I — no one even knows that Goyle was involved with what happened to you, I — that does seem likely. You haven't been near a Death-Eater in fourteen years." Aurelia says through her tears, "My name is Aurelia Black —" "A surprisingly creative story from the likes of you —" Aurelia cuts him off, determined to break him from the delusion he's been stuck in for way too long "My name is Aurelia Alice Black and I am now fifteen years old, when you knew me, I was just a wee thing. You have been in St. Mungo's for fourteen years, you were rescued hardly two days after Death-Eaters took siege of your home, this is where you and Alice have resided since then. You —" Aurelia pauses, she needs something that Goyle or any other Death-Eater would've known, "You were named my godfather and Alice was named my godmother, I was also given her name for my middle one. Please, sir, you're safe now." Frank looks deeply troubled "Bella wouldn't have told anyone that, no one could've known that except for Mae — you . . . You're really Aurelia? It's really been fourteen years — Neville, where's my son?!" "He was just here, perhaps you thought —" "This whole time, I thought I was being held captive, I didn't know that much time had past, I — I thought a few months at most, they gave me paper — they wanted me to write down answers because I refused to speak — but — Merlin, oh, Merlin — that boy really is my son and that is really my mum. This whole time." and this time Frank starts to cry. Aurelia's heart shatters, "I'm so, so, sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry." "I want to see my son — and Alice, where is she, where's my wife." "Well, it's possible that Neville and your mum are still here, they were just leaving they could still be in the building, I can go get them for you and Alice is by that window but, she — she can't talk, she didn't talk to me the last time I was here. Not out loud at least, she's, well, she's not in as good as shape as you are but she's still in there somewhere. She's over by that window, I'm gonna go try to find Neville, I'll be right back." And then, Aurelia's running out of the ward, her hear hammering painfully in her chest. The Healers tell her not to run but she doesn't listen — she's got to find Neville. It's a miracle! Frank seems to be okay! Neville and Augusta need to know. And she needs to find them as quickly as possible because who knows how long Frank's haze will stay broken. She doesn't stop running even when her lungs start to ache. They're still in the building, on the first floor, just a foot away from the staircase. Neville is trying to convince his grandmother to go back, he wants to spend more time with his parents as well as with Aurelia, Augusta wants to go home; she wants nothing to do with Aurelia. Fair enough. It's Augusta who's the first to spot the panting Aurelia and points it out to Neville, a scowl on her wrinkly face. Before Neville can greet Aurelia, she blurts out: "You've got to see this!" He starts heading up the flight of stairs to the second floor to where Aurelia stands but Augusta stays put, telling Neville he's got twenty minutes and then they're going home. "No." Aurelia shakes her head quickly, "You've got to come too, I promised him I'd get you both." "What are you going on about?" Aurelia pauses, her hammering heart skips a beat, what is she supposed to say, what if they get up there and Frank's back to his usual behaviour and they both think she's like the boy who cried wolf. She swallows thickly "You — you've just gotta trust me this once, c'mon ma'am, it's Christmas!" Neville looks at Augusta with a hopeful expression, his hazel eyes going wide as he pleads "Please, gran!" Augusta doesn't look overly happy about it but she relents and begins following after the two teenagers who take off running. Augusta mutters to herself begrudgingly "It's Christmas, my arse . . . Those stupid puppy dog eyes, too much like her mother for her own good, honestly, can't this bloody family catch a break." As they run up the stairs, their shoulders knock into each other, Neville's smiling so wide, he's not sure why he feels this excited but he hasn't see Aurelia look this alive about something and it's certainly contagious "What is it?" he asks, through gasps for breath. "You need to see it! Well, more like hear it!" Aurelia says excitedly, her heart is soaring, Frank seems to be okay now, Neville had at least one of his parents back. It really is a Christmas Miracle! When Aurelia comes running back into the ward, Neville hot on her heels, Frank is sitting on Alice's bed with Alice sitting next to him. She breathes out, relieved, he hadn't slipped back into his delusion. Alice doesn't look all that thrilled to be sitting next to him as Frank holds her hands, she's looking all around the room in a timid manner, and he seems to be trying to speak with her. Neville grabs ahold of Aurelia, noticing his parents unusual behaviour at once. She nudges him forward, gesturing for him to approach Frank but Neville keeps a tight grip on her hand. "Come with me." He asks, squeezing Aurelia's hand. "Aye, of course." Aurelia says although she feels that this should be a moment shared between Neville and his father only. Neville approaches Frank cautiously, holding Aurelia's hand so tightly that she's got no choice but to follow even if she really didn't want to. When Neville is finally standing in front of Frank, there's a moment of silence as Frank lets go of Alice and turns to look at Neville with tear-filled eyes, he doesn't say anything and Aurelia's afraid that maybe, just maybe she had imagined him talking to her. And then finally Frank croaks out: "N — N — Neville?" Neville's face crumbles but his excited grin remains as he says: "Dad! You — you recognise me?!" "Well, it'd be a bit concerning if I said yes as the last time I saw you, truly saw you, you were just a baby and now, you — you're a young man. Oh, look at you, my beautiful little boy!" Frank gushes, standing up and embracing Neville who finally lets go of Aurelia to embrace his father as well. She smiles at the sight, her heart soaring as Neville clings tightly to Frank, sobbing tears of joy. Frank hugs him back just as tightly, cradling Neville's head with his hand and resting his chin on top of Neville's light brown curls "My boy, it's you, all this time, all this —" his voice cracks again and then he buries his face in Neville's hair, kissing his forehead. After a moment Frank looks up, he stares at Aurelia and thinks she looks awfully lonely standing there all by herself, it surprised him that Bellatrix would even let her out of her sight outside of Hogwarts, even then, he wouldn't be surprised to hear that Bellatrix went and got herself a job as a professor there just to keep an eye on Aurelia. He kisses Neville's forehead again, afraid that he'd blink and it would all just be a dream, a delusion he's gone and created to help him escape the harsh reality of his prolonged captivity. He doesn't let go of his son, he goes back to resting his chin on top of Neville's head and asks Aurelia: "Where's your mum?" She goes as pale as a ghost and she begins to stutter, a pained look on her face as she stammers out "I don't — she —" she grabs at her throat and falls silent, looking on the brink of tears and once again, Frank feels as though he's been thrown on a roller coaster of emotions. Frank's face crumples "No, she can't — she's not dead, is she?" his stomach twists and he's sure he's going to be sick, he holds Neville tighter. First his wife, losing fourteen years of his son's life, and now his best friend is dead. It's Neville who answers "No, Mrs. Malfoy's not dead . . . dad, she . . . Well, Aurelia's been disowned, she got sorted into Hufflepuff and she went and disowned herself from the Malfoys, she's living with Miss. Macleod now." Malfoy? Frank thinks and he narrows his eyes and wonders if the Death-Eaters had finally cracked him, is this real? Had he been tricked, he holds Neville as tightly as he can and he prays that this is real and there's a reason his son is saying that Aurelia is a Malfoy. Frank knows he can't take this being fake. "Malfoy? She — you're not — she's not a Malfoy, son." Suddenly, Aurelia looks relieved, a small smile crosses her features and she nods her head vigorously only to wince in pain a few minutes later, however Neville isn't looking at her but at Frank, with furrowed eyebrows. He insists that she's a Malfoy and Frank's eyebrows furrow together, Neville's similarities to his father have never been more prominent. "What's going on?" Frank says, looking between the two teenagers. Neville frowns "Well, how much do you remember of what happened to you?" "The Lestrange brothers, those bastard, and Goyle they — I don't really know how the found us but she — I thought it was Bellatrix, she said that Aurelia was hurt and I — I opened the door and they charged — it was Goyle and it all happened so fast — and it's only felt like months that I had been captured by them, I thought Alice got away but — I don't even remember being rescued I remember one moment I was on the floor of your nursery trying to stop — I thought — your screams — Merlin, and then I was here but I — told myself it was a trick, that everyone interacting me was just a Death-Eater in disguise, I thought they were trying to get my guard down, get me to talk to them by convincing me that they were Healers or someone I trusted like my mum — I didn't . . . I didn't know I had been rescued, that this was St. Mungo's, I thought it had been months at the most — shit, it — this doesn't feel real." "It's real." Neville says tearfully, "You're alright, dad, you're fine now. You've been safe for years, the Lestranges are in Azkaban, all of them, Goyle's not but she's not going to hurt you while you're in here. We didn't even know that Goyle had helped the Lestranges." "All of them?" Frank echoes, and slowly it starts to click — Bellatrix's absence, Aurelia's horrified expression — for some reason they're under the impression that Bellatrix had been there when Frank and Alice had been attacked "Son of a — Mum?!" He had spotted his mother, a few feet away from them, staring at him with this wide-eyed expression of shock. Frank's not sure how long she's been there but now that he's really looking at her, he knows for sure that it's her "I see you're still wearing that godawful hat." "Frank!" Augusta cries, "Oh, Frank!" she sobs, wailing almost, drawing attention of both patients and Healers alike. Finally realising that something's going on, a few Healers start making their way over to the Longbottoms and Aurelia. One of the Healers gets in front of Aurelia and starts roughly pushing her away from the Longbottoms as if she was the one causing the problem, everything is happening too quickly for Aurelia to process and one of of the shoves catches her off guard and she stumbles over her feet and lands on her butt. "Hey!" Frank says hoarsely but loud enough to get everyone's attention "Don't touch her, she hasn't done anything!" And just like that everything becomes more chaotic, the Healers start crowding around like a bunch of seagulls flocking around a singular rotten french fry. Knocking even Augusta and Neville out of the way to get to just ask him how he's feeling. Despite what Frank had said, once Aurelia gets back to her feet, the Healers continue to unfairly force Aurelia out of the ward, they say it's because it should be family only which is the lamest excuse Frank has ever heard, he doesn't understand why they're throwing her out like that but he can't argue with them anymore. His throat strains with every word and he'd rather save his voice for more important matter like speaking with his family and clearing his unstable best friend from Azkaban. The Healers keep crowding him, keeping him from his son, his Neville and it frustrates him because he just got Neville back and it feels like at any moment he could lose Neville again. "Should we get Dumbledore?" A Healer asks his mother, "He did ask that he be contacted if either of the Longbottoms recovered." Augusta looks surprised by this but before she can question it, Frank is nodding vigorously and despite the the pain in his throat, he yells: "Yes!" x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x It's hours later, Frank is supposed to be resting but he can't. The Healers had sent his mother and son home an hour or so ago so he could rest but after fourteen years of nothing but laying in that bad or drawing, the last thing Franks want to do is lay down more. He's anxiously waiting for Dumbledore, pacing the ward, Frank has no idea why Dumbledore wanted to contacted if he or Alice ever recovered but he doesn't worry about that too much because this is going to help him in the long run. The Healers nor his mother think he should be released anytime soon and if anyone could help them change their minds, it's Dumbledore. In less than a day, Frank has been through many emotions that he didn't know a person was capable of. He had lost his wife, although Neville insists that she's in there somewhere because apparently Aurelia had talked with her the previous year through Legilimency which Frank believes but it still hurts to see his wife look at him and their son and not recognise them at all, it almost hurts as bad as the Cruciatus Curse. And then everyone is telling him that his best friend, his most trusted ally is responsible for what had happened to them. Which, Franks guesses, he can sort of understand because Bellatrix is definitely capable of torturing someone to the brink of insanity but not them, not him and Alice, and certainly not while Neville would be in their house, Bellatrix loved that boy, she wouldn't do something so dangerous with him in the house. But, his mother, his son, and the Healers insist that she did it, tell him that she even admitted to doing so and that part doesn't surprise Frank. If she thought taking the blame would've protected Aurelia than she would've taken it. And he tries to explain this to them but they had kept shutting him, telling him that he was confused but he wasn't. The only person who seemed to try to understand was Neville but he looked conflicted about the whole thing especially since everyone was insisting that he got it all wrong. Eventually, after being notified that Dumbledore would be coming as soon as he could, Frank dropped the subject to spend as much time he could with Neville and his mother which wasn't as much time as he wanted. But, Frank remembered most of what Neville had told him on many of his previous visits when he believed that Neville wasn't truly Neville so they had much to talk about in the short-lived visit. Frank had kept the visit light-hearted, teasing Neville about his crush on Aurelia (one of the more prominent things Neville had talked about over the years), hugging him as much as Frank could, and asking more about that little group that Neville had mentioned at the beginning of their visit before Aurelia had talked to Frank. He would save the other subjects, the heavier subjects, for another visit. For that moment he had just wanted to bask in the wonderful feeling of having his son back. And as far as Frank knew Neville would be going back to Hogwarts and that would mean he'd be safe from Lyra. Frank would deal with Lyra in person, and hopefully once he's talked to Dumbledore, he'll be handling her very shortly. "I'm glad to see you're doing well, Mr. Longbottom, your mother wasn't lying when you made a miraculous recovery." Dumbledore says, walking up to Frank who is pacing the back wall of the ward in an anxious manner. Frank stops pacing to survey Dumbledore, he narrows his eyes suspiciously. A nagging voice in the back of his head tells him not to trust the man because he could be a Death-Eater: "Dumbledore?" "Indeed, I am. The last time I spoke to you we were discussing a word for your second safe house — wittermuckle is the word I chose, isn't that correct?" Indeed it was, Frank relaxes, as dumb as the word was, it had been the one Dumbledore had chosen all those years ago "I need your help?" "With what?" Dumbledore questions although he knows exactly what Frank is going to ask and unfortunately he's going to have to find a reasonable way to deny lending a hand. Even more unfortunately for him, Frank Longbottom had never taken kindly to injustices. "I need you to help me get out of here, the Healers want me to stay longer because they think I need more time to recover but I don't. I'm not confused, Dumbledore, the Ministry have got the wrong woman, she didn't do that to us." Dumbledore plays dumb "What are you talking about, Mr. Longbottom." "They won't let me out, they say that I need some more time to recover, I tried to tell them that Bellatrix was innocent but they looked at me like I grew another head. They still think I haven't recovered completely and they want to keep me here for the time being." "I still don't understand what you're trying to say, Mr. Longbottom." Frank groans, stressing his every word now "You need to get them to let me go, if anyone can do it you can, you're Dumbledore! I — I need to — you've got the wrong woman — Bella, she's crazy but she'd never do that to us! And, Aurelia, well, she needs to know that. She thinks the mother who loves her so wholly would really choose that monster over her! And my son, my Neville thinks his own godmother would destroy us like that. I can't stand for this, Alice wouldn't stand for it either. Help me out, please, Dumbledore!" "I know they have the wrong woman, Mr. Longbottom." Dumbledore says and Frank freezes, looking at Dumbledore with narrowed eyes, the shock sets in and he feels sick. "You let her go to Azkaban even though you knew she was innocent?!" Frank exclaims then scoffs, "You know what, I'm not surprised. Just — Sir, can you please help me get out of here, I have to do something about this. I have to tell someone about what really really happened." "I'm afraid I can't let you do that." "Wh — what?" "I'm sorry, Mr. Longbottom, but I do agree with your mother's and the Healers' decision, you should reside in St. Mungo's for the time being and keep your state to yourself if you can, it would be terrible if the wrong people found out about your 'miraculous' recovery." Dumbledore says calmly which only angers Frank further who narrows his hazel eyes. "You can't do that, you can't let an innocent woman rot in that place for a crime she didn't commit. Bella, she must have thought it was a good idea — a fantastic way to protect Aurelia but it wasn't and you knew that and yet you indulged her and her unstable mind but backing up whatever story she told the Ministry. Whatever the reason Bella took the blame, you shouldn't have let her do that. She had a daughter, a wife and son! She was supposed to take care of my boy since neither Alice or I could thanks to her husband and Goyle! Aurelia deserves the truth and my boy, my Neville deserves to know the truth of what happened that night, what happened to us and what — what happened to him. I refuse to let you deceive my son and my goddaughter, they deserve the truth." "You are indeed correct, Mr. Longbottom, is was Mrs. Lestrange idea to take the blame and go to Azkaban —" "It doesn't matter if she begged you to put her there!" Frank yells, "If you knew she was innocent, you should've never let her get sent there!" "You do not know the full story, please let me explain," Dumbledore says, "Mr. Longbottom, they cannot know. That's what Mrs. Lestrange wanted . . . I know you don't see it that way but I assure you, this is for the greater good." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x Abigale is sitting on Aurelia's bed when she returns from St. Mungo's and it startles Aurelia because, quite frankly, Aurelia had forgotten that Abigale is there, but she wasn't the only one. Through out their holiday, no one had bothered to go out of their way to include the Slytherin Seer, they all just ignored her unless it was to make sure that she had eaten. And Aurelia would've felt bad for her had she not remembered every time a sliver of guilt would work its' way into her heart that Abigale is possessed by Esrom. Narrowing her eyes at Abigale, Aurelia pauses in the doorway to ask "What are you doing in my room?" "I'm lonely." Abigale says in an Irish accent and Aurelia finds herself feeling even more on guard knowing that Esrom has control of Abigale at that moment, "Regulus' room is so dreary and silent and I hardly mean to be rude but looking at Elias' baby photos is hardly entertaining." Aurelia narrows her eyes "We put you in that room because there were no other rooms that aren't dark magic free, you're not supposed to be snooping through my dead cousin's things, bitch." Abigale laughs haughtily "As if you care about Regulus." "I don't he's Death-Eater trash, I don't give a rat's ass about that man but since he's dead, those are now my brother's things — who likes to be called, Elliot, thank you very much, and I can tell you right now he wouldn't appreciate you going through his things!" "Is he though?" Abigale says, a mischievous glint in her eyes. "Who? Is who though?" Aurelia snaps irritated, "Who are you talking about?" Suddenly Abigale's straight as a pole posture gives out and she slouches into herself, she reaches up and rubs her temples with both hands, groaning "God damn it, I hate this. I loved it when the whole being dead thing used to be so easy to understand — like back when the dead stayed dead." "Well, in that case, I would be dead as a door knob. So, I get what you mean," Aurelia says dryly, "I wished the dead stayed dead too." It seems that Esrom had let go of Abigale for the time being as she had dropped the Irish accent and she had even given Aurelia a concerned look but she doesn't say anything in response to that, instead she asks: "What am I even doing in your room . . . I know it had to do with something about St. Mungo's and Esrom wasn't happy about it, like, at all and she just went full ghost mode and now I'm here." "Don't look at me for the answer, Montgomery, she didn't tell me either. I think she got a bit distracted." Aurelia says, "Well, now that it's over, you can leave now, Montgomery." "You don't have to be so, like, rude to me. I'm not your enemy, Blue, it's Esrom who is. She may want you to succeed in whatever you're, like, destined to do but she's not a good person. I, however, just want to be friends with you." "I'm sure that would be lovely but not while you're possessed by the bitch who fucked wizard Hitler!" Aurelia says snippily. In a flash, Esrom has taken control of Abigale again, narrowing her eyes "Oh don't even get started on me, lass, Abigale's always giving me an earful for shagging Tom but its' not my fault . . . His dick wasn't half as bad as he was!" Aurelia gags at the remark before quickly firing back "Didn't he, like, kill your sons?" Abigale's lets out an animalistic wail, face turning a vivid red as she lashes out, before Aurelia can even react, Abigale's hands are wrapped around her throat squeezing with a force that certainly doesn't belong to a fifteen-year-old girl. Aurelia freezes, her blood running running cold as it seems to be replaced with overwhelming fear, she kicks and gasps as Abigale slams her into her bed and straddles her, pushing so forcefully against Aurelia's windpipe that it feels like her nails are going to pierce Aurelia's skin. "HOW DARE YOU?!" Abigale snarls, "How dare you, you bastard! You filthy little bastard child! You have no idea what I went through, the pain I felt!" she lifts Aurelia's head up, still squeezing, then slams it back into the mattress, "How hard it was to stay by his side, it was all to avenge my sons, my Tybalt! My sweet little Tybalt." Abigale lets go Aurelia's throat for a brief moment and Aurelia tries to get up but Abigale digs her knees into Aurelia's ribs and a new kind of panic ignites Aurelia's bones, something crackles underneath her skin but it all freezes when Abigale slams her tiny fist right into her nose; Aurelia yelps and tries to get up again. Wrapping, her hands around Aurelia's throat again, Abigale lets out a gargled growl. "You little mouthy brat, you are the worst of them, I can't believe it had to be you, my chance to avenge my boys rests in your pathetic hands. If it was not for that, I assure you Aurelia Alice you would've been dead before you breathed your first breath. Your only importance is avenging my sweet Tybalt, remember that as that is the only thing keeping me from killing you — ah, shit —" At Esrom's threat against Aurelia's life, Aurelia's panic and and the crackling beneath her skin reaches a fever pitch and there's that tell-tale flash of purple and Abigale is flung off Aurelia's body and right into the wall halfway across the room. It creates the loudest bang and finally there's footsteps storming up the stairs. Abigale groans out a pained apology in her normal accent, meaning that Esrom had fled her body and mind. Aurelia sits up and takes a huge breath just as Molly, Lyra, and Sirius come barging into the room. Lyra rushes over to Abigale's side with a surprising amount of concern etched on her hardened features, Sirius comes to Aurelia's aid as he gasps at the sight of Aurelia's bloody and bruised nose. "Don't touch me, I said don't touch me, Black!" Abigale snaps, "I'm not McKinnon! I'm not your bloody dead best friend, just leave me the fuck alone!" Aurelia turns to look at Abigale and she looks more furious than Aurelia has ever seen her, she kicking and slapping at Lyra who is trying to help her, when she fails to do so because Abigale is making the task to difficult, Lyra turns on Aurelia. Glaring, Lyra points a shaking finger at Aurelia demanding: "What the bloody hell have you done?" Sirius sighs exasperatedly "Lyra, calm down, it was probably just a little fight. They aren't hurt too badly, are you, kids?" Aurelia swallows thickly, she's not sure what to say or even if she can, she feels uncomfortably numb about this whole situation, her paralysing fear had completely dissipated the moment she had heard Abigale's body collide with the wall and now she just feels nothing. This whole thing doesn't even feel real. "I'm fine," Abigale says, "Not a scrape, scratch, or bruise, maybe just some back pain to match the fifty-some-year-old woman that has taken over my body. It was . . . It was me? Uh, I started it and Aurelia was, like, only defending herself. It's all good now. It's not her fault." "You don't have to be scared of —" Lyra starts to say. "Shut the fuck up." Abigale snaps, which is unlike her because she doesn't swear this harshly, "Honestly, Black, I don't want your help, not when you're hiding shit from me and treating my friends like shit! I told you what happened and that's the truth, I know you may not realise what that is because you don't know what telling the truth is like but that's what I just did, so drop it." "If she hurt you then she should be separated from the rest of us, so no one else gets hurt." Lyra says. Abigale rolls her eyes and Sirius sighs exasperatedly again, looking completely fed up with his cousin's behaviour. "Lyra, please be rational." Molly finally speaks up as she enters the room, "It was just a little fight, I've seen my boys give each other worse injuries than this, now, girls, I expect you to apologise to each other." Abigale offers an apology at once "I'm, like, sorry. For this, like, whole thing." Aurelia stares blankly at Abigale then says: "Get fucked." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: OKAY so LISTEN, I wasn't planning on Frank making a full return, it's a surprise even to me but I got the idea late at night a month ago and it plagued me until I did it and HONESTLY I love that I did! Because it works so much better than how I originally planned for the Longbottoms to recover! However this will be the last we see of Frank until the sequel! ALSO Esrom is a wild bitch and in this household we HATE her! If you couldn't tell already I literally have no idea how to end chapters without having Aurelia bluntly telling someone to 'go fuck themselves' in some way, shape, or form lmao,,, rip me! word count: 5798
ACT ii, CHAPTER fifty-four! liv. Vicious Monster x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x GOLDEN CURLS ARE SPLAYED ACROSS A YELLOW pillowcase as Aurelia Black sleeps uneasily in her dorm bed. She hadn't wanted to go back to Hogwarts, she had begged and cried to Mae, she didn't want to go back to Hogwarts while Umbridge was still there and it had almost worked but because of her upcoming O. Molly had argued that Aurelia needed to stay. Behind Molly's back, Mae had promised to take Aurelia out if things got too bad and only a few days of being back at Hogwarts, she's ready to hold Mae to her promise but she's also torn with wanting to stay out of spite. Aurelia knows she's on the verge of a mental breakdown and that's all because of Umbridge and while she wants to get the fuck away from the pink demon she also wants to take that pink demon down with her. She'd get under Umbridge's skin one way or another, whether it's before Umbridge does or after, Aurelia will make sure she isn't the only to lose her shit this year. And so, despite having an escape route only an owl away, Aurelia stays, purely out of spite. Umbridge wants Aurelia to suffer, she had made that clear a long time ago and just yesterday when she gave Aurelia detention for sneezing 'too loudly and distracting the class'. Out of spite, Aurelia had written 'I will not sneeze in a class where I won't be blessed' over and over again instead of what Umbridge had wanted her to write. She ended up with a weeks worth of detention and with every passing detention, Aurelia's getting used to the pain of the Blood Quill and it's getting easier to get underneath Umbridge's skin because of that. But, as much as that pink demon is taking up her mind with all the detentions, it doesn't invade Aurelia's mind as she sleeps. Instead she dreams of something far worse — she dreams of Azkaban. All night long dreams of forgotten memories twisted and warped by her fragile mind haunt Aurelia leaving her tossing and turning and talking in her sleep. The nightmares of Azkaban and her mother get so intense that they wake her up multiple times, her body feeling as though it's on fire, at one point it feels as though her Donum Vitae had been triggered and that keeps her for quite awhile. When she finally does get some peaceful sleep, she ends up sleeping in. Aurelia doesn't like sleeping in, not because she's a morning person or anything but because she always liked to have a certain amount of time ahead of her in the morning before classes started. And because of her restless night, Aurelia had lost a good chunk of that time she enjoyed having in the morning and that makes her more disgruntled than usual but she tries to focus on the snogging session she had with Neville in the Gryffindor Common Room just before she had to leave for her detention with Umbridge. After all that is what got her through the detention, well, that and seeing the smug grin wiped off Umbridge's face when she had seen that Aurelia still refused to write what she wanted. There's still a good twenty minutes before classes start, Aurelia had more than enough time to grab something to eat, take her pills, and have at least a five-minute conversation with Neville. Aurelia stops to make her bed before leaving the dorm when she hears Hannah whisper to Olivia: "No, look at that smile on her face! I just can't tell her!" Suspecting they're talking about her, she turns to look at them only to see them look away. Odd. She decides not to question them as she had finished making her bed. Walking through the common room, she notices that the common room is fuller than usual, she also feels as though almost if not all eyes were on her. However, Aurelia ignores them, all she wants to be bothered with is Neville and some chocolate-chip pancakes. Aurelia's halfway to the Great Hall when she's approached by a very smug looking Millicent Bulstrode who is dragging along a very annoyed Pansy Parkinson. It takes Aurelia a moment to realise that Pansy is trying to pull Milicent away, behind Pansy is, of course, Abigale who also looks very annoyed. "How'd she do it?" Bulstrode demands in a harsh tone, Aurelia is very confused to say the least. "I — I don't understand? How did who do what? I honestly don't know what you're talking about, Bulstrode." Bulstrode scoffs, a sneer taking over her features "I am no fool, Lestrange!" "I am no Lestrange!" Aurelia snaps, affronted. "Tell me how —" "Millie! C'mon just leave her alone, she's a waste of our time, we've got better things to do!" Pansy cuts her off, tugging on her friend's robes. Annoyed by Pansy's interruption, Bulstrode turns to glare at Pansy and Aurelia uses this as her chance to escape to the Great Hall. Entering the Great Hall, she quickly notes that a lot of people are reading the Daily Prophet, more so than usual and she wonders what has happened. Aurelia makes a beeline for the Gryffindor table to where Neville is sitting, nudged between Seamus and Dean, reading the Daily Prophet. His hands are clutching it so tightly that his knuckles are white and the paper is starting to tear. Aurelia smiles at Seamus and Dean as she takes a seat at the table, the two of them quickly avert her gaze, her smile turnes into a frown as she recalls that Seamus believes the rumours about her and apparently now so does Dean. Seamus nudges Neville "Oi, Lover Boy, Blue's here." he whispers and Neville hesitantly lowers his copy of the Daily Prophet, making sure to block it from Aurelia's view. "Good — good morning, Ari." Neville says, his voice cracking. His smile is fake and he looks beyond sad and terrified. Once again, Aurelia frowns and asks: "What's going on? Everyone's been acting very bloody strange this morning." and Seamus laughs dryly at her use of the word 'strange' and Dean glares at him. Neville hesitates before answering: "There — there was a mass breakout at Azkaban." She feels as though he had punched her in the stomach rather than delivering some shocking news. "What? No — no." she whispers, shaking her head vigorously. Aurelia would've preferred that he punch her in the stomach instead of telling her that. "I'm sorry, Black." Seamus says softly and sympathetically, reaching his hand across the table to pat her arm, "But... Well, the Lestranges were among them." "Along with . . . Vulpecula Vaughn." Dean adds, giving Aurelia a cautious glance. She's never heard that name before, and Aurelia doesn't particularly give a fuck about them because holy fucking shit her mother's escaped Azkaban! Neville hands her the copy of the Daily Prophet he had been reading and Aurelia reaches for it with shaking hands, she studies his pale face and glossy eyes. You're fault! He looks devastated and she feels like this is all her fault, the guilt is eating her alive — you're fault! You're fault! You're fault! She looks down at the newspaper, her heart hammering in her chest and she begins to read the article. x x x THE DAILY PROPHET MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABAN x x Ministry fears Black is a 'Rallying Point' for old Death-Eaters. x x x They must mean Sirius Black, Aurelia makes a noise that sounds like something between a sniffle and a snort then continues to read the article. Twelve black and white photographs fill the whole area of the front page, nine showing wizards' faces and the last three are that of witches. Each picture is captioned with a name and the crime for which the person had been sent to Azkaban. The first of the three women is Callisto Burke, Elliot's birth-mother. He's not going to take that well, he probably doesn't even know yet as he usually sleeps in until the last possible second and he's probably still in his dorm completely, blissfully unaware that his biological mother and adoptive mother have escaped Azkaban. Out of all the pictures of the criminals, Callisto is the only one who looks genuinely guilty about what she had done; there are tears in her eyes. x x x CALLISTO BURKE convicted of the torture of Elias Black and suspect in the disappearance of Regulus Black x x x Aurelia's eyes are drawn to the picture of Bellatrix Lestrange — her mother — oh, Merlin! Oh, fuck! She's bloody fucked. Totally, royally, completely fucked. x x x BELLATRIX LESTRANGE convicted of the torture and permanent incapacitation of Frank and Alice Longbottom x x x Finally Aurelia tears her blurry eyes away from the photograph of her screaming mother to see who else had escaped and to her horror she sees Mae's name, her family name, and uncle's name under one photograph of a sullen looking witch. It happens to be that Vulpecula lady that Dean had mentioned earlier. She's much younger than the other Death-Eaters, in fact she looked to be younger than Sirius and she looked familiar, not because Aurelia had seen her before but because she looked like she could be part of the Black family. x x x VULPECULA VAUGHN convicted of the attempted murders of the Black Family, Maeve Macleod & Ted Tonks x x x "This is bullshit." Aurelia says blankly, she has no idea how to react to this, lowering the newspaper, her remark causes Seamus to raise his eyebrow. "Your aunt and someone who tried to fucking murder your family have escaped Azkaban and that's all you have to say for yourself?!" Seamus exclaims in disbelief but he receives no comment as she had started looking over the article again. More specifically the photo of Bellatrix Lestrange. They look so much alike, it sickens her. Their hair especially, although Aurelia's much lighter, it's still just as messy and thick as Bellatrix's. At this particular moment, having forgotten to brush her hair this morning and not be stable enough to keep her Metamorphmagus abilities in line, Aurelia's hair is just as much of a rat's nest as Bellatrix's. They're just as pale and sickly looking and how did Aurelia ever believe she was supposed to be a Malfoy. She feels as if she can't breathe. This can't be happening! It doesn't feel real, she has got to be still dreaming, if this was really real, Aurelia would feel worse than this but it's almost as if she doesn't feel anything at all. It just can't be real! It must be a dream, if this was real Aurelia wouldn't feel as if she's floating, she'd feel like her life is over and she'd be crying but she's not and it has to be a dream — "Black? Are you — are you alright?" Seamus questions, his tone soft. She glances at him, and her mind draws a blank. Even if Aurelia had an answer for him she wouldn't be able to give it to him because a a fake cough that sounds eerily similar to Umbridge catches their attention, the four of them gasp, looking up to find, much to their relief, a redhead Ravenclaw standing before them — Heather Wilkes, Nat's little sister but it's still better than Umbridge. "Uh, can we help you?" Seamus asks and he earns a bright smile. "Yes! Of course, you can, Finnigan!" Heather says, pushing her long fiery hair behind her ear and then she gives Neville a shy but still bright smile "Oh! Hello, Neville." "Er — hi — what do you need help with, uh . . . Sorry, I don't know your name." Neville admits sheepishly. Heather's confident stance deflates "I'm Heather Wilkes! I'm you're next door neighbour!" "Oh, right, sorry. I knew you're a Wilkes and all but they're so many, I couldn't remember." Neville says, "I — I'm not good with names." "Right." Heather says, trying to smile awhile keeping eye contact with Neville which makes him very uncomfortable. "Um, what can we help you with?" Aurelia asks as kindly as she possibly can when dealing with Heather Wilkes, she blinks away her tears. As Aurelia expected, Heather's smile completely vanishes as she turns to sneered at her; Heather had never liked her even when Nat and Aurelia were on good terms. "Professor Umbridge wants to see you after classes today." She snaps and when Aurelia goes to question her why, Heather snarls: "Look, don't ask questions, Lestrange Look-a-Like." then she stalks off. Neville narrows his eyes at her retreating figure, Dean looks like he's trying to catch flies, Seamus looks astounded. "Did she — did she just?" Seamus says, looking highly offended, "Only I can make fun on Blue for looking like Lestrange! That's my job, Wilson!" "You pronounced her name wrong." Dean points out. "I know!" "But, you can make fun of me by saying I went bonkers and killed my best friend." Aurelia mutters under her breath sounding very detached from the whole scene, "Sounds about right." Neville, concerned about Aurelia's lack of reaction, represses his own panic and fear about the mass breakout, to reach across the table and grab Aurelia's hand squeezing it tightly. He offers her all the comfort and support he can manage, he swallows the lump in his throat and asks: "Ari, are — are you alright?" Blinking her eyes as if she had just woken up, she turns groggily to look at him, Neville repeats the question and then Aurelia looks at him as though he had grown two heads "Me? You're asking me if I'm alright?" It doesn't matter how she felt about it, because she didn't really feel anything about it except for diluted fear in the pit of her stomach. The whole situation had yet to hit home with her but when it does it's going to be bad. For now, Aurelia is worried about Neville because he is more important, way more important than her. Neville nods "Yes, Ari, I'm asking if you're alright, you . . . You're quiet." "I'm fine, how about you, Nev, are you alright?" He nods again "I'm fine too." Neither of them are fine but they have each other and that helps, they hold hands, silently comforting each other with gentle squeezes and false smiles. x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x To say that Neville really didn't want Aurelia to go to Umbridge's office is an understatement but Aurelia had insisted that she go although she looked like she'd rather die than go. But, she said that it'd be worse if she didn't go and he supposes she's right about that but that didn't do anything ease his worries. He had no idea why Umbridge had to see her tonight of all nights; Neville needed Aurelia now more than ever. "Why?" Neville asks for the seventh time since classes let out, "I — I just don't understand, you've done nothing wrong." "Who knows, Nev." Aurelia sighs, "Must be something about my behavioural issues in class or some shit." but she's got a feeling that's not it at all. "But you've been good!" Neville cried, shaking his head "You haven't spoken out in her class, all you did was sneeze for Merlin's sake!" Aurelia laughs lightly "I know, how horrible of me! Who knows why that demon wants to speak with me." There's a bad feeling in Neville's stomach, he grabs Aurelia's hand and gives it a squeeze "Whatever she says, love — er — Ari, wh — whatever she tells you, you did nothing wrong, okay?" She gave him a shy smile as her eyebrows furrow together "Did — did you just call me 'love'?" He blushes and nods shyly "Yeah — yeah I d — did . . . Is . . . Is that weird for you?" his dad had said that it'd be a good idea, that girls liked to be called cute nicknames. Neville had visited his father many times in St. Mungo's until the end his holiday and one of the occasions he had brought up Neville's 'massive' crush on Aurelia (which was far more awkward than Neville had ever imagined it'd be) and started giving him advice on how to make her swoon. Most of the advice had been way out of Neville's comfort zone but he did like the idea of being able to call Aurelia 'love' or 'darling'. And so he took a shot at it, he'd have to write to his dad to let him know how it went. She shakes her head, blushing and smiling widely "No it's... It's cute." Aurelia giggles as she leans down slightly to kiss his nose, "You're cute." (He's definitely going to owl his dad and let him know how well it went! The only problem is that Neville is the one swooning.) Before Neville can properly respond the door to the Defence Against the Dark Arts classroom opens causing the two of them to freeze as Umbridge clears her throat. They both jump apart, Umbridge sneers down at Aurelia and Neville, mostly Aurelia. Timidly Aurelia says: "Hi, professor, Wilkes said that you wanted to see me." "Indeed, Miss. Black, but you are late." Neville and Aurelia share a look "Classes ended not even fifteen minutes ago." Aurelia mumbles. Professor Umbridge flashes a sickly sweet smile "You should've been here within five minutes, Miss. Black, now come inside we have much to discuss." Neville casts one final, wary glance at Umbridge as Aurelia's hand slips from his and she follows Umbridge into the classroom. Dread fills his stomach yet again, he's got a horrid feeling Aurelia will not come out of this unharmed. As soon as the door shuts behind them, Umbridge starts speaking in that stupid sickly sweet voice "Now, dear, I assume you wonder why I asked you here tonight?" Aurelia nods "Yes, ma'am." Umbridge sits down at her desk and motions to the desks in front of her "Have a seat, Miss. Lupin." Aurelia frowns, her heart starting to race. While Aurelia would have preferred to be known as a Lupin, she doesn't like it when Umbridge calls her that, there's something about the way the pink demon says it that leave Aurelia on edge. "Have a seat Miss. Lupin." Umbridge repeats herself when Aurelia makes no sign of sitting down, staring at Umbridge with wide, fearful eyes. Umbridge grins, gesturing to the seat again, taking great pleasure in seeing Aurelia shake like a leaf. There's a long moment of silence, Aurelia stands frozen, staring at Umbridge in horror. Finally, Umbridge decides that it's best to get on with the discussion so she clears her throat "Fourteen years ago, shortly after the Lestranges were caught, it was revealed that Bellatrix Lestrange indeed had a child. The Ministry had the certificate but since there were no records of you being born in St. Mungo's, the Ministry never paid much mind to it until Lestrange was brought in for questioning and the only thing that made her talk was, well, you, Miss. Lupin. Now only a handful of ministry officials including myself know of your true identity but, at the time because of your rather odd birth certificate, they feared that your father was You-Know-Who, they feared that you were a monster." Aurelia flinches at the word 'monster' which makes Umbridge's smile grow even wider. Finally finding her voice, Aurelia starts to ramble: "Why, why now? Why are you bringing this up now. And my father is not Voldemort, why are you and Dumbledore so obsessed with the bloody idea — this outlandish theory that I'm Voldemort's kid?! Does it rock your socks imagining the father-daughter bonding time he and I might have? Honestly, it's ridiculous, why are you even bringing this up today. Merlin, you must really enjoy seeing me cry!" Umbridge narrows her eyes but continues speaking in that same sickly sweet voice "When they questioned your mother about your father, she denied it was You-Know-Who but refused to say who it truly was. Fudge was not going to take any chances, you could have been a danger to our society, you could have grown up to be even more powerful than You-Know-Who himself. That was something the ministry could not risk. You had to go." Her eyes widened in horror, they had truly thought of killing her. She had thought that maybe her thoughts of the ministry wanting her dead was just a product of her paranoia but she was right, they had really wanted her dead "I — I was only a baby." Umbridge shakes her head "No, you are a monster." "But, you know that my father is not Voldemort now! My real father is a g —" "A monster all the same." Her hair turns bright red as she snarls: "My father is not a monster!" Umbridge smile does not falter "He is a monster, you are just the same. Like father, like daughter." "Go to hell!" Umbridge's smile is so wide it's unnerving "And, oh, so much like your mother." Aurelia clenches her jaw, blinking away tears. "As I recall she said the same thing when it was decided you were to be killed since there was a possibility you were You-Know-Who's daughter. She begged for your life, but Fudge was dead set on his decision. She was under Veritaserum and wouldn't give up your father's identity. It was from Remus Lupin himself that we learned of your real identity." Aurelia's stomach twists and she feels sick because why would Bellatrix hide the identity of her father, Remus is a good man? "Wh — what does this have to do with why you asked me here tonight?" "Only everything, Miss. Lupin." Umbridge replies with a breathy laugh, "You see, you are quite literally the only thing that Bellatrix Lestrange cares about and now that she's out of Azkaban, it's only a matter of time before she tries to contact you. So, from now on, Miss. Lupin, your mail will be monitored. As will Mr. Macleod's." "You can't — no, that's not fair. Listen, if that bitch even tries to write to me, I'm tossing that shit in the fire. What's the point of monitoring my mail — our mail, that's not fair, it's an invasion our privacy." "If you had nothing to hide then you wouldn't be so bothered by this." Umbridge says, looking smug. "Fuck you." Aurelia snaps, "Aye, I get it I'm a horrible person, a monster but I am not with Bellatrix. All day I've been gawked at and whispered about, people think I'm conspiring with Bellatrix! Maybe, you're right, maybe I am a monster, maybe the Ministry should've killed me when the they had the chance but I would never ever work with Bellatrix or Voldemort!" Umbridge glares at her so menacingly it sends chills down her spine and then she gives a high girlish giggle that doesn't fit with her body language "I do not appreciate your tone or crude language, Miss. Lupin. Take a seat, you will be writing some lines, that ought to teach you a lesson." "Will it though?" Aurelia says sarcastically but her voice shakes and dread fills her stomach. There's an evil glint in the Umbridge's eyes as she gives a wave of her wand, a piece of parchment and the Blood Quill appears on the closest desk to Aurelia. Swallowing her fear the best that she can, Aurelia turns to give Umbridge a blank stare "Let me guess, you want me to write "I will not be such a naughty child who uses such crude language" until the message sinks in." "No." Umbidge says cooly surprising Aurelia, "You will write the word 'monster' until the message sinks in, Miss. Lupin." Aurelia inhales sharply, hesitance clear in her suddenly stiff posture, Umbridge smiles at her, gesturing to the parchment then she says: "Don't look so surprised, Miss Lupin, you need to learn your lesson and I have tried to play nice with you but it seems there's no playing nice with monsters. Hopefully this will put you in your rightful place." "Fuck you." Aurelia snarls but part of her thinks that perhaps Umbridge is right, she's a monster. Her mother is a horrible woman, a vicious monster and Aurelia is probably no different, if not, perhaps a bit kinder. "I'd watch your tone, Miss. Lupin, I have ties with Minister Fudge himself, I could have you carted off to Azkaban before you can even scream." Umbridge threatens. "You cannot do that, you — I've done nothing illegal!" Aurelia says indigently , eyes going wide and hair going white at the mere mention of Azkaban. "I could make up a story — the Ministry believes you were involved in Cedric Diggory's death and Minister Fudge trusts me so, it wouldn't take much to convince him that you did indeed murder Cedric Diggory and off you'll be carted to Azkaban just like your mother was many years ago. And unlike your mother, you'll stay there and rot." Umbridge snarls, loosing her temper. And finally, Aurelia breaks, she slips to the chair and sobs. She doesn't want to go to Azkaban she doesn't want people to believe she would ever murder Cedric Diggory. It may be her fault that he died but she didn't kill him on purpose. She places her head in her hands and struggles to feel, blood rushes in her ears and her heart pounds in her chest, she really is a monster. That must be why all these bad things are happening to her, she deserves it. She must deserve this, that can be the only answer. She's a bad person, a monster just like Bellatrix. She deserves this pain, she's a monster, a horrible child. Nothing but a pawn in a game meant to please Voldemort, she deserves to suffer — even worse than that, she deserves to be dead. Without another word, much to Umbridge's surprise, Aurelia picks up the blood quill. Her expression had gone stoic and then she begins writing. M Aurelia hisses out in pain, she had written the 'M' to harshly and it cut into her hand just the same, it starts bleeding immediately. O . Professor Umbridge makes a noise of satisfaction. N . It hurts worse than last time. S . Aurelia bites back a sob. T . You deserve this! E . You are the reason the Longbottoms got hurt. You are nothing more than a pawn in a sick and twisted game, you were born to destroy lives. R. You are not a good person. MONSTER. This is who you are. MONSTER. Nothing more, nothing less. MONSTER. You will never make yourself gold, you will never be a good person. MONSTER. Tears are streaming down her face as she continues to write. MONSTER. MONSTER. It's what you truly are. MONSTER. MONSTER. MONSTER. MONSTER. MONSTER. MONSTER. MONSTER. Aurelia must've written it a hundred times, her hand is throbbing in pain, it seems to be bleeding more profusely than it did the first time. Her hands are shaking so bad, she drops the quill. Aurelia can't do it any longer, it hurts too much, she just can't — "Did I tell you to stop writing, Miss. Lupin." Umbridge questions and Aurelia starts to cry loudly. She scoffs "This is what you deserve, Miss. Lupin. Stop crying." Aurelia sniffles "I — I know . . . But, it — it hurts." Umbridge smiles "People like you deserve to feel pain." she says softly, "Now keep writing!" Aurelia takes another deep breath as she picks up the quill and began writing once more. MONSTER. You deserve this. MONSTER. You deserve this pain! MONSTER. How many times was she going to have to write this? MONSTER. The message had sunk in before she had started writing so why does she have to write it so many time? MONSTER — "That's enough, Miss. Lupin." Aurelia dropped the quill and lets out a shuddering sob, she glanced at the window blinking away tears. The sun was barely in the sky, she must've been in here for a few hours. There's no feeling in her right hand but she deserves that, she's a monster. "You may go now, Miss. Black." Umbridge says in that sickly sweet voice and Aurelia wastes no time in rushing out of the classroom. Aurelia is surprised to find Neville sitting on the other side of the hallway, writing what looks to be an essay. When the door slams shut behind her, he looks up letting out a noise of surprise. "A — Ari! You've been in there for nearly three hours! Are you al — you're crying! You're hurt! What did she do to you? Let me see your hand!" Neville rambles anxiously, getting up to check on her. She blinks away more tears and blankly says: "I — I'm fine, Neville." He knows that she's lying, grabbing her right hand, he almost screams when he feels what can only be blood and there's a lot of it. Neville looks at Aurelia and she looks away in shame, he pulls her bleeding hand into the light "You didn't do anything wrong, so why did she do this to you?" "I deserve it." Aurelia whispers and Neville's eyes widen in horror and he shakes his head. "No! You don't! Don't ever say that!" He disagrees, using his sleeve to wipe away the blood and then squints his eyes to read what it says. She tries to pull her hand away but Neville has a tight grip, he frowns "Stop fussing — let me see — stop! Ari, just let me see!" Aurelia stops squirming at Neville's commanding tone and defeatedly allows him, to see the wound. There's a moment of silence as he struggles to read what's carved on her hand and when he finally does, he gives a gasp of horror "What the fuck!" Her eyes widen in surprise, Neville hardly ever swears like that "Did you — did you just swear?" she asks. He nods, exclaiming: "Yes. Yes, I fucking did! How dare she! She had no right! We're going to see Professor McGonagall about this!" "Neville, no!" "Yes, Aurelia!" Neville argues, "This — this is wrong! I tried to respect your's and Harry's decision about not telling anyone but she c — crossed the line!" "Neville!" Aurelia whimpers while grabbing ahold of his robes, "We can't tell McGonagall! We can't tell anyone! This pink demon is apart of the ministry, they could easily twist my story, they could make it seem like I did this to myself! I — if they give me Veritaserum and the things I've thought abut dying and hurting myself, if they find that out they could easily say that I did hurt myself and not her. It's too risky to tell anyone. I — I could be taken out of Hogwarts, they won't believe our word over hers, Neville!" He looks at her alarmed, she did have a point but it's lost to him the second she admits to wanting to hurt herself. His mouth runs dry "Ari, y — you . . . Why would you — why?" She looks equally as alarmed as he does when she realises what she had just admitted to "Fuck." she mumbles, "Neville, look, we can't tell anyone." "Y — you've thought about hurting yourself?" "I need to know that you won't tell anyone what Umbridge did to me." "Aurelia, why would you think like that?" He looks so wounded, she doesn't understand why. Aurelia had no intentions of ever letting anyone know about her harmful thoughts especially not Neville, "It doesn't matter, Neville, they're only thoughts. Now please, tell me you won't tell McGonagall or any teacher, or any student, for that matter, what happened tonight." "Can you tell me you won't hurt yourself?" She's startled by the question. She couldn't give him the answer he wants. Although Aurelia had never acted on the thoughts before, she couldn't say that wouldn't ever act on them, it get so hard sometimes even with the new medication. I can't, Aurelia thinks as she stares at her shoes, Unless you can bring Cedric back. Unless you can make it so I came out of someone else's vagina and not Bellatrix Lestrange's, I can't. I can't. I can't. She forces a smile on her face, I can't because I am a monster and I deserve to feel pain, I deserve to hurt, "I won't." Aurelia whispers. Neville lets out a sigh of relief and pulls her into a tight hug, replying: "Then I can tell you I won't tell anyone in this castle." x ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ | ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴛʜᴇᴍ ɢᴏʟᴅ x ━━ AUTHOR'S NOTE: THEY'RE OUT! AND GUESS WHO'S GONNA BE FEATURED IN THE NEXT CHAPTER! THERE'S TWO OF THEM SO GET READY! word count: 5738
