welcome to a new story that will probably take a year to complete just like the other three that are complete / almost complete (being 'muggle me' at the very least). i just couldn't resist. i have a few ideas for a ghost!Percy but this is my first one. of course, it's like i opened the DSM and am looking at another mental disorder that i didn't give Percy, i.e. agoraphobia / hoarding. but i had been dreaming about writing this for a while now and i really couldn't resist. i hadn't 100% decided how he'd died yet but it's going to be something dark. that's nothing new. this story is probably going to be dark... i hadn't 100% decided on that either, but even if it is a little lighter in the beginning, it will get darker as time goes on, like everything else i've ever written to be fair. i haven't decided on the trigger warnings yet, but um be weary of anything. at chapter ten, i'd probably have a whole list of them but... just remember this story is probably going to be pretty dark. i don't want to give too much away but be cautious. i really hope that you enjoy this story. Dead to Me Chapter One: You Told Me to Buy A House! When you owned a joke shop, there were certain things that your shop assistant should not do. Firstly, your shop assistant should not be taking notes about products called Bum-Busting Bludgers and Sensual Strawberry Surprise. Secondly, they shouldn't be waiting for you at six am with cups of coffee (and good ones to boot! Everyone know joke shop coffee was even worse than St Mungo's coffee! George was appalled the first time he took a sip and didn't immediately feel like vomiting.) Thirdly, they should not have a near-aneurysm and shout 'Mr Weasley, that's—err… illegal… I think!' every time George decided to sell a Skiving Snackbox to a second year who didn't want to sit exams. Worse than that, did he really look like a Mr Weasley to her? He still needed his mum to Floo call him every morning just to wake up for his bloody job! Oh, and why didn't his shop assistant remind him just how fantastically clever he was every four hours like he'd asked? Some people! And there Dorothy was again, with her…her ethics and her insistence on making sure that he didn't end up in Azkaban by the end of the night. Every time he saw her, George felt like taking a few months off and going off to a holiday in Croatia. He might as well be working with a… Ravenclaw; George shuddered. Even Ron was complaining about her! After all, what was the point of Ron coming into work if he was just going to be dealing with Dorothy arguing about how sexist the 'female love potions' products were? And if Ron wanted to discuss the true origins of Puffskeins, then he should've stayed at home with his wife. But George supposed that it was really his fault. When Dorothy bought in her CV, he should've known not to hire her when he didn't understand half the things she'd done. And he really, really should've known that anyone that attended a 'Potion Extraction' workshop probably shouldn't be working in a joke shop. What was Potion Extraction anyway? As far as George knew, you whacked it in a phial and then you chugged it down. What would you need to extract it for? Were you going to inject fatal sleeping potions in your mum's cherry trifle? "Sir, are you sure that this is… um… wise?" Dorothy asked him. Her thick-framed glasses were thicker than her arse, which was… um, 'particularly bodacious' as Lee would say. "I mean this has consistently been the biggest book event of the year for the past seven years, Mr Weasley! I-I even read the book myself dozens of times. I've gotten Mr Davies autograph more than one. Even More Fantastical Beasts and Where to Find Them has been more massive than the Daily Prophet issue after the second wizarding war ended! Even Scamander's son endorsed it and suggested the blatant rip-off title when he'd read a chapter of the manuscript. He thought it would honour his father! Are you sure you want to—" "Are you sure I want a laugh?" George cut her off, making her realise how dumb she sounded. Dorothy shuffled in her shoes. Why did she wear six-inch heels to a joke shop? "At the expensive of Mr Davies?" George was livid about the whole thing. Harry Potter saved the wizarding world from a perilous fate for his Order of Merlin, but the Ministry gave Roger Davies one for writing a book. Harry didn't do annual autograph sessions seven years after the war, boasting about how he saved everyone from death! But the great ole Roger Davies was still smirking with satisfaction about being the first person to discover if hibbering humdingers really did laugh at your choice of jewellery. "What's so great about a book that proves that The Quibbler isn't complete rubbish?" George was sick of Even More Fantastical Beasts and Where to Find Them. How could the same book still be popular seven years after it was published? But at least Luna Lovegood was over the moon now that they'd managed to find documented evidence of all the creatures she'd been yapping on about for years! Wow! The world changed now that you have documented proof of a nargle have a row with a niffler about shiny engagement rings. George didn't see what the big deal was, especially when it was interfering with his paycheck. "What was Davies doing in the war besides finding out if crumple-horned snorkacks really lived in Sweden! And don't you find it suspicious that he somehow knew—um… how to find them?" he huffed because…well, it wasn't a good argument. "Mr Weasley…sir, um…" Dorothy fumbled with her skirt. "He's a Magizoologist. It's…his job." "I run a joke shop! That's my job! But did you see me running around with joke products during the war? Well—yes, I did but…well, I was still actively involved in the war! Fred didn't just die so that people like him could walk around after, taking Harry's fame and glory… AND he's taking away all my business by flashing the same book he's written seven years back!" he grumbled in irritation, wishing he could just wipe that smug look off Roger's face. He walked with an air of arrogance that made you think he was the new bloody Dumbledore. He now proclaimed himself as the most Magicy-est (not a word, according to Dorothy) Magizoologist in all the wizarding world. Every time he took a piss, he saved another flock of endangered Fwoopers from doom. "I have a house to pay for! I don't have time to have a bloody pay cut… but I'm getting it ninety percent off because the bloke that used to live there died in it and is haunting the kitchen. Oh, and because it's a little messy..." It was not a little messy. The house was scarier than the Forbidden Forest. It looked like Neville's cauldron after it exploded. George wasn't 100% sure he could open the door yet. And no matter how hard he tried to guilt-trip Lee into helping him, he was met with his friend telling him he'd rather eat a cactus whole and then shit it out. What a mate! "You bought a house, sir?" Dorothy looked like she was surprised that Gringott's trusted him with a business transaction. Well, the house was discounted on account of looking like a pile of dragon dung. Oh, and the ghost. "Is…does this have anything to do with the fact that—um… your wife walked in here a few weeks ago and told you that she'd rather sleep in Azkaban than spend another night over at your flat? Apparently, there's a space issue? And one of your neighbours have been bombarding your flat with flower, fruit and chocolate baskets because they always assume that she's pregnant. She said she's sick of explaining to people that she's just put on weight with the stress of the Quidditch season!" To be honest, George thought that she was pregnant too. He'd even told his mum, but…um, he'd deal with that later. If she was so concerned about her weight, she probably shouldn't be accepting three-kilo flower and chocolate arrangements from her neighbours and then scoffing the lot whilst complaining about the fact she didn't fit into her size eight Quidditch uniform. George didn't mind though. But it was a little insulting that his wife was the best Quidditch player in Appleby Arrows but all they cared about was the size of her thighs. For Merlin's sake, she was only a size twelve! "No! I…I always wanted to buy a house!" George lied. Well, this new house had a teeny bit of space issue too now that Dorothy mentioned it… but he was sure once they managed to get the sixty-five heaving boxes, eight wonky tables, five battered couches and three-hundred-and-sixty-one copies of The Daily Prophet out of the way, they'd have a lot more space. "You did?" Dorothy eyed him. Why was his shop assistant interrogating them? "Oh… um… that's great, Mr Weasley!" He hoped so. He had a sinking feeling that when Angelina set foot in their new house, she was going to torte his testicles and— BOOM! George peered through his shop window with the excitement of a first year going off to Honeyduke's with a couple of sickles he stole from his mum's purse. He could see Roger Davies in the middle of the crowd of the book signing. His handsome face was now covered in an amorphous substance (try finding out what creature did that, Davies!) after his 'new' shiny quill just exploded. Smears of rainbow-coloured spew was flying everywhere, followed by a signature firework display. George was grinning, but then felt his stomach turn when all of Roger's massive fans turned around. George recognised half of them as Prefects and Ravenclaws. They used to be in debate teams. They didn't look like they were laughing. George felt a steely feeling in his stomach. "Sir, they don't look very happy," Dorothy pointed out. Wow. Did they teach her that at the Potion Extraction course? "Um…is that the time?" George glanced at the clock, his hands shaking as they started banging at the shop door. What happened to people's senses of humour? There were more people laughing when Voldemort was reigning for Merlin's sake! "Um…time to-time to have lunch! I have Type X Diabetes and…will go into a coma if I don't have sugar right now!" You'd think that was the only disaster of the day, but you'd be wrong. The second that he'd gotten back to the flat, Angelina was busy stuffing away thick fuzzy orange-coloured pyjamas into her duffel bags. "When are we moving?" she asked. He might have managed to tell her this morning that he'd finally paid for the house and could move in just to get on her good side. Apparently, it was a poor decision on his part considering his wife was insane. "George, pack your rubbish. I want to leave NOW. Those horrible snooty arseholes from next door won't stop shagging each other all day! The old lady downstairs keeps telling me that my Quidditch career is useless and someone nearly set me on fire!" Why didn't they shag each other all day? When George thought of proposing this to her now, he felt his stomach tighten. Maybe later. "Um…" George watched as she tossed over his favourite black-and-white Montrose Magpies Quidditch jumper and then an empty duffel bag. "How about we just slow down and—" "George," Angelina glared at him. Did she really put on that much make-up usually? "Did you buy a house or not?" Was that what she thought of him? George rolled his chocolate-brown eyes. "Yes, I did, but it's—" she continued throwing jumpers at him, oblivious to what he was saying. "It's a real mess, Ange. It looks like a second-hand junk shop that's gone rouge. It looks like a couple of drunken werewolves trashed the place… oh, and there's a ghost living there. Some guy that died there," he closed his eyes, only for Angelina to stop and stare at him like he'd just started speaking in Elvish. "Do you think that's going to stop me from leaving this place?" Angelina huffed. "I'm not paying another month's rent if it kills me and I've already sent that bitch downstairs a strongly worded owl about where she could shove her 'slimming upholstery'." George sighed deeply. You couldn't say that he hadn't tried, could you? "Ange, you have to listen to me—" "I invited your parents over," Angelina cut him off, smoothing over her lacy maroon frock. "In fact, I invited your whole family over." George went as pale as a box of Glacial Snowflakes. "What for?" he asked in a high-pitched voice. "Are we renewing our vows?" "No, silly, they're bringing house-warming presents," Angelina reminded him. George didn't realise this when he married her, but Angelina bloody loved presents. Christmas shopping was a nightmare for her. She wanted everything under the sun from spa treatments and massages to expensive chocolate truffles that made George want to protest against the product of luxurious dairy products. "And of course, they also want to see how their ickle Georgie got on!" Got on? George's head spun. Got on what? Gillyweed? "This is not a good idea," he would bet all his O.W.L's on it. "GEORGE?" Molly sounded out as she walked down the corridor. "Oh, love… congratulations! A house!" "We're very proud of you," Arthur said, his jaw tight. Proud for what? Wasting his money on a pile of rubbish? As if on cue, his mum just beamed at him in a way that left him uneasy. Arthur was holding a bunch of flowers for them. Where were they even going to put that? Maybe between the possibly dead Kneazle and the six duplicate scrolls that were written entirely in Ancient Runes, perhaps? George's lip was trembling. This was all wrong. Ron was already smirking at him and George just glared right back. He huffed, not wanting to acknowlege the fact that his ickle Ronniekin's was right. Meanwhile, Bill moved towards him, placing a hand on his shoulder and squeezing it. "So, you actually got a bloody house!" Bill said, as if George had just aged fifty years. He was only twenty-bloody-eight for Merlin's sake. "Getting old, aren't we? What next, Georgie? Do you want to take out a pension plan?" Charlie nodded his head, turning to lean against the wall. What did this guy do besides get more tanned and muscular each year? If he got any bigger and any more tanned, the Department of Magical Creatures would need to start putting him in his own category. "You do know that if you want to buy a house, Georgie, you have a mortgage. That's a responsibility," he said the word slowly. Oh, sod off! How many times did he need to hear this? Joining the Order is a responsibility! Owning a shop is a responsibility! "Who are you to talk, you old git? It's nice to see you, but I almost didn't recognise you with that male pattern baldness," George smirked, only for Bill to pale. He was thirty-five years old, and already had three children. George shuddered whenever he thought about it. Fortunately, Angelina was focusing on her career and George was thinking of getting a vasectomy just in case. Ron and Ginny were snickering at him, and Arthur and Molly were completely oblivious to the fact that his other children were taking the piss. "Listen, um… the house…it's a bloody mess," he whispered. Ginny looked amused. "Want to vacuum the carpets?" she asked. "You can borrow my feather duster." You couldn't make quills out of them, could you? George just stared at her. "I don't even know what colour the carpets are," he mumbled under his breath. Nobody listened to his cries of distress, even when he was close to vomiting as they apparated away. The house was in Devon actually. In sweet, lovely Devon. In a forest. Secluded from everywhere, which so far was earning points for Angelina. But the snitch gave the game away this time because as soon as she saw the house, she'd turned into a sickly shade of mountain-troll green. It was absolutely crammed full of rubbish, so much so that it was leaking out of the broken windows. The whole yard was covered in bright red Ministry eviction notices, talking about how the house was 'not fit for living' and deemed 'unsanitary' by their standards. The second that Angelina realised that this was their home, she looked like she'd given up on him. "George," Angelina Johnson's eyes were bigger than Bludgers. "What in Merlin's name is THAT?" A house! George wanted to reply. A regular old house. With you know, regular old house things…except for the fact that it was filled with so much useless rubbish it was practically oozing out of the broken windows. His mum let out a shriek that sounded like a cross between a dragon giving birth and a banshee. "You are not living in that house!" she yelled out defiantly. "It doesn't even look like a house. It looks like a storage unit for all your father's rubbish!" "It's not rubbish," Arthur whined, looking like a toddler that couldn't get his way. "They're priceless muggle antiques!" "Dad, I don't know any antiques that have a use-by-date," Bill looked amused. His face looked just as mauled as usual. "And I'd be wary if I was you. 1974 was a long time ago. I bet Gin can't even imagine how life used to be like before—" "Hey!" twenty-five-year-old Ginny shot him a look. "I can imagine 1974 just fine. Mum took loads of pictures of you being toilet-trained." Bill looked more flustered than when he proposed to his 'one-and-only love'. Um… how vile. George sighed. This wasn't a storage unit! This was where his children will grow up. After they set some parts of it on fire. Because even he knew that they couldn't exactly live in a house where they had more rubbish than Umbridge had decrees, right? Thinking about that year made him ill, because it was his and Fred's best year at Hogwarts. He couldn't think about it without feeling like his heart was about to be ripped out of his chest. Brilliant. It had been eight years and it still hurt. This day was supposed to be a tremendous day. Unveiling of the house. They were supposed to be sipping champagne and eating canapés in the hot British sun. But these pathetic sods just couldn't wait until he had it cleaned! Well, he'd warned Angelina, didn't he? He told her that they shouldn't have sent the landlord an owl about how Angelina hoped that she'd shove the heaving shaft of a Firebolt in her floppy, over-expanded uterus. And maybe, just maybe, Ange shouldn't have thrown an extra-potent toxic level dungbomb in the elevator after they'd left. Now, he had no flat. He was stood here in the middle of a forest in Devon in nowhere, looking at a house that had probably been recently had a Cornish pixie infestation. The house was like a niffler's dream. It was a mild July morning. The sky looked like it was watery and uninspired. It looked like it had been coloured in by a first year that just couldn't be bothered. George was seriously considering Confringo-ing the whole house now that he thought about it. How daft did he have to be to actually buy it? And he didn't have a mortgage. The bloke that sold it to him asked for such a low price. He was able to pay up front with no problems! But George didn't even know if he really did do that legally so to speak. Maybe that was when the alarm bells should've started ringing off. He could practically hear his twenty-year-old dead twin laugh at him in his one good ear. He was such a moron sometimes. On this mild summer day, George was boiling in his poor choice of dark robes. His mum wore a pair of red robes that made her look like a Quaffle. His dad had just come decked in his shockingly purple Ministry robes and had splotches of coffee everywhere (George bet a muggle coffee machine exploded. He didn't work hard enough to explain more than one leisurely cup of coffee, especially since he preferred tea). Bill was still in his Gringott's uniform that made him look like a bellhop in training instead of a hero of one of the greatest wars of all time. You'd think the scars helped you looked like you'd endured a great deal, but he just looked like a tosser. Charlie's all-green trousers and V-neck made him look like he was about to enter a Herbology greenhouse for the first time since he'd left Hogwarts about a million years ago. Oh, and Ron and Ginny looked at him like he'd suddenly manage to lose O.W.L's…like he had much to begin with! "I did say that it needed a little cleaning..." George reminded Angelina, who looked like she was about to explode. "A little cleaning," Angelina echoed incredulous. She stared at him with solemn dark eyes and said, "I bet cleaning all the toilets in Hogwarts after the Halloween food poisoning epidemic of 1994 would be so much easier to clean than THAT!" George flinched. Well, maybe she had a point. After all, he hadn't seen that much rubbish in one place since he'd gotten that ambiguous violet-coloured ear discharge in his same year. He'd seen less things hanging around in a secondhand junk shop. He didn't dare look back at his mum just in case she collapsed from I-can't-believe-this-itis. But… well, it cost less than Ron's…well, it was cheap for a house, alright? It was practically a steal. Who cared if it was haunted and that every other person that did a house tour ended up shaking in a St Mungo's ER from shock? How scary could the big bad ghost haunting the toilets really be? George lived his childhood with a ghoul in the attic and he turned out just fine! And what if it was a little out of order? It was certainly not something to cry over. After all, they'd just survived two wars. But you wouldn't know that with how Angelina wobbled around, looking at his parents like they had an explanation for why he was so irresponsible. He was not that irresponsible, alright? Besides, George bought an automated wizarding cleaning system that only cost him a hundred Galleons. He bet that next week, the house would be so clean they'd be able to host vigils for Fred. If you know, he had the patience to light all those candles! Who was the boring old prat that did that job anyway? Anyway, it wasn't like Fred wanted any vigils. George would know considering they were twins and all. And George wished he was dead the first year after Fred's death, but he was coping. Which was why he should be appalled that he was being questioned like this by his own wife. What happened to supporting him through better and for worse? "Who lived in here before?" Ron gawked. "A group of raging mountain trolls throwing a wild stag party?" "Alright, smart arse, it might not be the nicest looking house but it's still better than the dwarf's shoebox you're raising poor Rosie and Hugo in," George piped in, only for Ron's ears to turn red. He was sure if he moved some things around, and tidied up a bit, this house was going to look bloody great. "Besides, um…if you remove the junk and the ghost, then it's really a steal for the price they've given me at. It's cheaper than a bloody Firebolt." Except a Firebolt was a top of the line broom and this house was scraping the bottom of a werewolf-mauled didn't help that everyone was staring at him like he'd just revealed that he went back to Hogwarts and got all 12 O.W.L's. "This is a house?" Molly reiterated, deadpanned. Um, it got walls, a door and a roof. What else would it be? "A house." "Well, I never said that I was going to be buying a manor!" George reminded them. His voice was so high that bits of wood started falling from the ceiling. Maybe he should have that looked at when he had the chance. But he doubted that it would cost much. Hey, he could get Arthur to look at it. He tossed a look at his father, but he looked pale. "Let me guess," Ron smirked, "Was the Shrieking Shack not for sale by any chance?" But honestly, they should be happy for him. This was a reasonable business transaction after all! Charlie looked like he was shitting bricks. But what did he know? All he cared about was nursing deadly beasts back to health and banning dragonhide boots in Witch Weekly magazine. "Georgie," Angelina's voice was sweeter than Honeyduke's. Aye. She was going to beat him with his own Beater's bat he was pretty sure. "I hope that this is a fucking joke." She looked like she wanted him to suddenly announce that their real house was somewhere in rich luxurious London, overlooking a spa for overly stressed Quidditch players that married rouge, athletic joke shop owners. And if he wanted to keep his head intact, he probably should say it was a joke and that this was just 'a memorial for all those ineffective Weasley's Wizard Wheezes prototypes. Where do you think I put them? Dad's shed?' which of course, he did. It was why he was stuffing all that rubbish in the Burrow now and his mum had had enough of that. But how was George supposed to know that his mum noticed? It wasn't like they had clean living rooms anyway. Maybe he overdid it with the lamp that shrieked whenever you looked at it? Um… it was a priceless muggle antique? "Well?" Angelina broke George out of his thoughts. "Do you really expect us to live here?" What did she expect him to say ? 'That? That's not the house… oh, that's just my coffin, love!' "Well, you didn't want to live in the flat! Where do you think money grows on? Whomping Willows? And if you would've listened to me when I said it wasn't ready, maybe we could delay moving in! But you just had to tell the landlord that you hoped that she got bitten by an army of glumbumbles and hope she'd spend her days out in the Janus Thickey Ward!" George reminded her. It was a miracle that she didn't hex him right then and there for being a waffling twat. "But…um…I bet that it looks lovely once you know, it's clean. It's a pretty big house too. I bet there will be a lot of space once you…" Angelina just gawked at him as if he was mental for even considering it. "Space?" she then shrieked, "WHAT SPACE?" "Do you want to live to the shop?" George offered. He might as well be living there anyway— "I don't want to live in your shop!" Angelina yelled. "Sometimes, I wonder if you'd hired a Dementor as a shop assistant. Dorothy has about as much tact as curdled milk. I've never met a woman that could suck your soul out by asking about your business transactions! And I can't take another three-am bail-first-years-out-of-Azkaban emergency because your shop is open twenty-four-seven!" "You did share a dormitory with three girls… this is the same!" George reminded her. He bet Angelina could live in an actual burrow if she wanted to. He bet that she didn't need any space at all. You never really did once you thought about it. And the backyard was plenty gigantic. You'd think she'd be glad you thought of her Quidditch career when you assessed the yard but no! "Besides, don't you think that this place has character? How many other houses do you know already come pre-stocked with everything?" "It's pre-stocked alright," Charlie mocked. "With a new dragonpox epidemic you mean." "There is absolutely no way on Earth," Molly looked livid. Her unkempt red hair looked like a Kneazle's hairball. "No way in this planet that I'll…" she'll what? Bake him cookies just in case whatever lived under the couch ate it? But it wasn't like they could move into the Burrow. It was covered in nappies and bottles. Ron and Hermione were still living there with all their bouncing babies plus a bubbly, skinny little James was probably working on giving his mum an early aneurysm. "Mum, I lived through losing my twin," George tried to guilt her. "You think I can't handle sorting out a house?" "House? This place is not a house! It looks more toxic than one of your Portable Swamps," Angelina told him. "There are notices everywhere! EVICTION notices from the bloody Ministry of Magic!" she gestured towards the pile of eviction notices outside the house. It was kind of unsettling to see all those Gryffindor-red coloured notices everywhere. But they did add colour to the place. "This place looks like it has more ghosts than Hogwarts does!" George flinched. "Well, um… you said you liked company!" he reminded her. "But there's only really one ghost. It's only just a little haunted…" "A little haunted," Angelina echoed. "Godric, I hope whoever it is was a divorce lawyer in the Wizengamot before he croaked." "Eviction notices!" Molly yelled, as if Angelina didn't just say that. "That just settles it. There's no way… Arthur?" "They're muggle antiques, Mollywobbles," Arthur supplied weakly, looking at her with a downtrodden expression. "Your son might as well live in a rubbish bin but all you care about is your bloody antiques!" Molly hotly replied. She turned to George. "And love, I really have seen cleaner rubbish bins." George groaned. Don't buy a house, your wife tells your customers that you don't want to make an effort. Buy a house and get reamed because it happened to be a teeny bit haunted and needed a little cleaning. And like Angelina kept a tidy space. You should see what she did to their shower. There were more Primpernelle's products than there were in the actual shop. And don't get George started on her knickers drawer. It looked like someone just went on a panty raid and was so ecstatic he picked up someone's extensive collection of granny knickers. You'd think being married to a vivacious twenty-seven-year-old professional Quidditch player made for an interesting sex life. But it was about as exciting as melted vanilla ice-cream. "So what did you expect when you'd bought the house, love? That your mum is going to clean this place?" Angelina smirked at him, and George felt like his heart was about to leap out of his chest. "Clean this place?" Molly echoed like it was an unfathomable task, like Ron running for the Minister of Magic. George then shuddered. "I don't need mum's help," oh, rubbish. He needed her help. "I have an automated cleaning system! I bet that by tomorrow, this place is going to be so clean you could eat off the floor!" "I don't even know if there is a floor in that house," Bill said. Bastard. "Shall we bother going in to inspect the damage?" George really didn't want to go in. He remembered how hard it was to get in the first place. On the outside, the house didn't look great. Paint was chipping off. Some of the walls looked sloppy, and the windows were all broken. When he tried to jimmy the lock open, the doorknob made a squeaking sound. It sounded like Scabbers being choked to death. It was a little hard getting to the door on the basis that it might as well be glued shut from all the things that were piling up against the door. Other than that, the living room wasn't as bad as he remembered it. There was an, um… spot on the table that looked rather free. It was a little small, but it wasn't like he was the tallest Weasley in the family, was he? He was only five-foot-seven. Or maybe six. Sometimes five when St Mungo's measured him. But George blamed Witch Weekly magazine for the unrealistic body ideals of men. Not everyone could be a giraffe like Ron, could they? And it wasn't like being six-foot-infinity helped him look anymore attractive. He looked like someone accidentally overstretched their saltwater taffy! Angelina looked like she was about to faint when she walked in, which was cowardly of her. You faced a war that nearly annihilated half of the wizarding populace and you were a little scared because of a few boxes you had to unpack? "GEORGE!" Molly shrieked so loud that she'd probably scared whatever ghost was haunting this place. Arthur cleared his throat. "A little cleaning," he reminded him. Alright. It was going to need a massive clean and it was going to take ages. George had never met a house that needed an enema before, but it looked like this would be the one. The smells wafting from the carpets was so bad that George felt like he should keep it aside to engineer even more-potent potent dungbombs. "Blimey," Ron looked like he'd rather help Harry face You-Know-Who again. "This place is haunted, huh? The last bloke that lived here died, right? I bet he got crushed by all this rubbish and died because nobody could be bothered to help him," he gestured towards all the slopping pieces of furniture. And was that table floating in the middle of the living room? George just shrugged. "I don't know how he died," he admitted. "I've come here before too, but I've never met any ghost. Probably hiding away. The bloke that sold me this house said he'd never actually seen him, but someone definitely said that someone died here." The war had been really cruel. Arthur looked ill. "Did you pay for this?" George only nodded his head. "Can you talk about getting your money back?" "No, dad, I can't," George said plainly. "Um… the bloke that sold this to me… kind of just disappeared without a trace." Maybe he should've paid more attention in Divination and he wouldn't been able to predict when he'd been ripped off. "You were dumb enough to buy it in the first place," Ginny snorted. "Are you going to pay us if we help you clean?" "Of course, we are," Angelina answered for him. She and George had not been on the same wavelength. His answer was going to be sod off. "Well, I'm not…but I'm sure George will be happy to pay for your services. Wouldn't you, love?" "Ecstatic," George replied dryly. Why should he pay them? They didn't ask Harry to fork over his family fortune when they were out chasing horcruxes! But ask for a few boxes to be moved around and... After begrudgingly agreeing to pay his family for helping him with the cleaning, they were able to move around some of the stray boxes and piles of The Daily Prophet blocking the path to the kitchen and stairs. When a little of the carpet was exposed, George felt his stomach flip. It was so moldy! He didn't even know carpet could grow mould. But George felt like they already had so much more space even if he wanted to incinerate his sinuses. Who could live here? Merlin, he knew that they were all in safe houses after the war, but this was horrible. He even tried to sit on the couch—up until he realised that he'd flattened a dead mouth. Lovely. The person that died here probably was a werewolf that hadn't discovered Wolfsbane. "George, is that dead body still here?" Angelina asked, looking at him with a hardened expression. George wasn't completely sure. "Did you really spend money on this house that might have a dead body in it? Oh Godric, who even sold you this house?" "Well, it was a mate of a mate of a mate's brother," George explained. He was probably sipping Ogden's in the sun now… "Godric, what if someone wants this house back?" Angelina hotly asked him. "Was the transaction actually legal? We might not even actually own this dump!" "Yes, we do!" George shrieked. "I paid a thousand Galleons for it! One time over. No take backs. But at least I don't have to pay anymore than that anymore, alright?" he then paused, because the look on Angelina's face made her look like she wanted to give up on her life entirely. A thousand Galleons for a house wasn't much… "A thousand Galleons!" Arthur looked dizzy. "For a house that someone DIED in! May I ask you, George, was this person ever buried? Because I am sure that underneath all this-this junk is probably some ninety-year-old's corpse!" "He wasn't ninety years old. He was a kid," George admitted. "Twenty-something years old. Three or four? I think during the war…?" "That's eight years ago!" Molly yelled. "A twenty-three-year-old left to rot in a house for eight years?" "I don't know, mum," George did think it was a little secluded. Maybe he was mental, but he couldn't imagine not burying your own flesh and blood and letting him rot alone in the house for eight years. He shuddered. But maybe his parents had died during the first war. Or even the second one. Maybe his whole family line got annihilated... "We'll give him a proper burial," Molly looked determined. George slowly nodded his head. "Where is the ghost?" George just shrugged. "Apparently, he's shy." What did he have to be shy for? The bloke was dead for Merlin's sake."I haven't seen him when I was here before either." Maybe there was a dead body underneath all that…um, carpeting. Yes, George decided. The bloke that lived here before was just a little heavy-handed on all the carpet and boxes. But a part of George was hoping that they'd probably unpack some of these boxes and find out that there was nothing there. Maybe he had an obsession with collecting cardboard boxes. Maybe the dead body smell probably came from some aged bottle of wine or something. "I can't believe you paid so much for a house that someone died in!" Angelina yelled. "And probably was never buried!" "Well, um…he's buried alright," George was sure he might be squashed under all those books. Who needed so many books anyway? It was like a bloody library except, you know, much more disorganised. There were ten copies of the same edition of Gilderoy Lockhart's Voyages with Vampires stacked up right in front of him. "We'll bury him if we find his body! I'm sure that our little ghost is going to appreciate it. Nice war heroes like us coming into his house to tidy up and-and—" "You are not tidying up in my house," he heard a voice from behind him. "Did someone hear that?" George asked, and they looked at him like he was mental. Nobody heard that? Funny. That voice sounded like Percy almost. You know, Percy. The turncoat brother that George hadn't seen in years. The stupid git that wasn't there to help them fight during the second-wizarding war and took the Ministry's side through all of that. That horrible arsehole that hadn't even showed up to Fred's funeral. After he was a no-show in Fred's funeral, his mum had given up on him. She'd even just torn his handle out of the clock after that. Who didn't attend their own fucking brother's funeral? He probably still worked in a boring department in the Ministry and organised his schedule in a way that he was never in the elevator at the same time as his own father. Yeah, that Percy. Worse than a sodding Death Eater, because he bet that even Peter Pettigrew went to visit Black at least once or twice when he'd put him in Azkaban. George looked around, and then stared at Angelina. "Did you hear that?" he asked. "It sounded like Percy." You should see the chill in the air when you said that name. Silencing charms had nothing on it. His whole family were shades of white and grey. George felt like an arsehole for even saying Percy's name. "Don't talk about that git," Bill's eyes hardened. George stiffened, shuddering. Even his mum looked absolutely livid. Angelina's reaction was calmer. "Love, does it look like your obsessive-compulsive brother would step foot in this place?" "I…I guess not," George replied softly. "Sorry," he apologised. Great, now he'd ruined their mood by mentioning the git. George supposed that she had a point. Percy was a obsessive, tidy bastard that probably an aneurysm when his biscuit wasn't perfectly circular. Granted that George hadn't seen Percy in years, but he couldn't imagine that he'd somehow managed to get rid of that permanently dislodged gigantic broomstick up his arse. Merlin, he hadn't seen Percy in so long he forgot what that piece of wet parchment even looked like! Over the last few years, his mum had turned Percy's room into a nursery. They hadn't even thought about him since after the war. They never talked about him, except in passing just to mention how he might as well be dead to them. The last time George had seen him was after he had a drunken altercation with him at the pub a month after Fred's funeral and that was about eight years back. Since then, Percy became the new Voldemort. You didn't just say his name. George shook the thought out of his mind. Why would he be hearing Percy's voice? Was he hallucinating? He hadn't even thought about Percy in years. Why should he? He was a stupid git. About eight years back, he'd sent them a letter a few months after Fred's funeral and his mum tossed it in the fire without a second look. That was how bad things were! If he felt so bad about abandoning them, then he should come up to the Burrow and apologise himself instead of cowering in his shiny Ministry loafers. "Maybe we should go into the kitchen now," Arthur decided to break the silence. "Start cleaning." "Cleaning?" there it was again; George felt his heart pound. That was Percy's voice. It was Percy's bloody voice! How could nobody else hear that? "Not in my house!" His house? What did he mean his house? Not unless... But there was no way in hell that Percy died in here. This house was bloody chaos and Percy was so neurotic he took all his clothes from the laundry basket and refolded them because he didn't like the way their own mum did it! Did that sound like a bloke that would have a mouldy carpet for Merlin's sake? Besides, how could George not know that his own brother had been dead for eight years? There was no way. And even if he did die in this house, why should he care? He hadn't even bothered going to Fred's funeral! But then George thought to the letter they'd set on fire and felt his heart ache. It was the only letter Percy sent them in eight years. He'd had something tied along with it, a package that nobody even bothered opening before they'd Incendio-ed it in a fit of fury. What if it had been his last letter and they just tossed it in the fire? What if he'd needed help and they didn't help him and now, he really was dead? No, no, NO. George tried to tell himself. Percy was a bloody git and a liar and-and… but what if? What if it really was his voice? What if he'd died in this house all alone? "Come on," said Molly softly. "We can go into the kitchen and throw out some of the food in the fridge. It smells rank in there! Even more so than anywhere else!" To try and busy himself, George joined them in the kitchen. He felt dizzy at how bad this place smelled. There was absolutely no way that Percy lived here. He'd probably rather kill himself than live in this absolute disaster. He turned around, looking for a ghost but saw nothing. How come his parents were going about, completely oblivious? Didn't anyone else hear Percy's voice? He looked around for recognition and got none. Even with apparition, it was more difficult to find a clean spot in the kitchen than it was for the Sirius Black to break into Hogwarts in Harry's third year. There was a foul, manky smell coming from the fridge. When George managed to pry it open with all his strength (and he was a Beater!), he felt disgusted at the trees that were growing out of the expired milk cartons. When George took the carton out, he heard a voice shriek, "That's not yours! Leave it alone!" he honestly that that was… George turned around and dropped the congealed looking milk carton on the ground. Standing—pardon him—floating in front of him was an extremely pale, emaciated Percy Weasley. His curly red hair was duller than grey paint. His cheekbones were sunken in from famine. His eyebrows knitted in frustration. George felt his heart race and he was sweating like he was sat in Romania, helping Charlie with the dragons. He hadn't seen Percy in years. He never thought he'd see him like this. It spooked him to see Percy dead. He was twenty-three? Twenty-four? He'd been younger than Ginny was right now when he died and…his mum wanted to bury that 'poor kid's body.' She couldn't know that it was her own kid that she'd be burying. She just couldn't. George rubbed his eyes a few times, just to make sure, you know. Just in case he saw wrong and- "What did you do?" Molly broke him out of his thoughts. George looked down at the toxic milk spill. "Like this place needs another mess!" That was when George realised nobody else could see Percy. His family was so oblivious, seeing through the ghostly apparition in front of him that looked like he was about to have an aneurysm because George dared to toss out his mold-infested milk carton. Under his breath, George cursed his twin brother because this had to be a joke. This just had to be! "George?" Percy looked surprised that he could see him too. "Are you alright? You look like you've seen a ghost!"
Dead to Me Chapter Two: Fainting Is Mentioned A Few Times "There's a ghost, isn't there, Georgie?" Bill smirked as he looked up from a fifth carton of expensive yoghurt pots. By the way, the kitchen covered surface to surface with food. It didn't make any sense as to why Percy would starve to death. That had to be what happened, didn't it? George looked at Percy's figure, still transfixed by the fact that his six-foot-two brother was so thin that his chest was caving in. His cheeks were sharper than his wife's wit. "The ghost chose you. Maybe he wants you to extend his hoarding problem. Maybe he wants you to complete his Daily Prophet collection." Looking closer to someone that was dying of dragonpox, George Weasley was sure he nearly fainted into the curdled milk puddle. He couldn't believe he was in a kitchen that was crammed with more rubbish than Filch's living quarters. "Don't be so disrespectful, dear," Molly said, putting down a fossilised loaf of breath that should be handed over to a museum. "I'm sure that you don't want to hurt George's new ghost friend's feelings now, would you? HELLO! Love, I'm going to find your body and bury you!" she waved at the wall. The funny thing was that Percy was stood in front of her. "Merlin, mum, you're going to scare it away!" Bill frowned at her. His mum could be mad. But Percy already knew that. "Mum?" Percy looked at his mum like he'd expected that she would notice he was there. "Mum? Can you see me?" "Do you know how you sound like?" Ron asked their mum. "You can't just tell George's new mental ghost friend that you're going to bury him. Especially straight after Bill asks him if he's going to make George extend his hoarding habits! I mean everyone knows that whoever died here was mental without you having to go on about it. So," he turned to George. He then asked in a tone that was much louder than a whisper, "What does he look like? Is he really twenty-three? Does he look like a basket case? Ask him if he wants an autograph from Harry Potter. Maybe that'll cheer him up." "He's dead," Ginny reminded him. "I doubt that Harry's signature is going to help cheer up someone that can't sell it!" Ron gasped, clutching at his horrific thin lime-green jumper. "And all this from Harry's biggest fan?" he asked, shaking in mock-horror. "Now that you've married him, you don't think that he's all that anymore, do you, Gin?" "Married?" Percy looked stunned. Yes, well, Ginny would've invited him to the wedding if he'd bothered coming to Bill's. "Yeah, Perce," George whispered. "Harry married Gin. They have three kids. And so do Bill and Fleur. Ron and Hermione have two kids too." Percy tried to process this but looked like he'd failed to. So much for 12 O.W.L's. George then looked at Angelina, and then cleared his throat. Before he could say anything, Percy noticed the ring. "I've…I've not been to anyone's wedding," Percy said in the softest voice possible. "You're married…but you're…I…" "Well, you had a chance to go to Bill's!" George hissed back as low as possible. "Do you have a good excuse for that? Maybe Ron and Gin didn't want to fucking bother. And maybe I didn't either, you sodding git," he then realised that if they hadn't completely cut out contact with his brother, they might know that he, you know, died eight years back. When he was met with silence, all George could ask was, "Well?" he felt anger rise in him. Who did Percy think he was? "I was ill," Percy admitted, looking at the counter. There were stacks of expired Honeyduke's strawberry milk, which Percy was deathly allergic to in the first bloody place. He couldn't eat a trace of a trace of a strawberry without blowing up like Harry's Aunt Marge—oh, but it wasn't as funny as her blowing up because he'd be dying. "I…had—have a problem." "You mean the hoarding?" George huffed, looking at him with a hardened expression. "Forgot how to apparate?" Percy's face just hardened. "No—well, yes, I do have a minor problem with hoarding things but that only happened when…I had a problem with—um… I believe the correct term is agoraphobia." After noticing the confusion on George's face, Percy cleared his throat. "I have a rather irrational fear of leaving the house," he explained. "In fact, I have left the house exactly three times since 1996. And one of those times were after my death!" Percy admitted, stiffening. "Why?" George didn't understand. Why would Percy have a fear of leaving the bloody house in the first place? Percy just shrugged. "Well, err… after I found out that Harry was right, I was so humiliated that I asked the Minister if I could work from home and he agreed. I suppose that dad was right, and the Minister wasn't besotted with my determination and hard work," he admitted softly. He looked so pathetically sad. "I suppose I must've stayed in the house for some time, because when I attempted to leave to buy quills, I felt apprehensive. I had this…this feeling that everyone was talking about me everywhere that I went. I suppose I blacked out in the middle of Diagon Alley and was even more embarrassed to have a pregnant woman try to help ME up. I couldn't shave off the feeling that everyone was mocking me for my…my foolishness. I had only been out of the house for two minutes, but I couldn't take it. Even though everyone seemed rather worried, it was unsettling. So, I suppose after that incident, I just… did not bother leaving the house. I had no reason to! There were catalogues now that help you order everything you need…and I suppose in my case, more than I need. But the house was so large, and I suppose that I felt like I could just add a few decorations. Just to help liven it up a bit." "It looks about as lively as a troll's dwelling," George replied, but then felt his heart ache. It was just like Percy to faint because he thought that the whole world revolved around him, but it explained why Percy didn't join them in the Battle of Hogwarts. If he couldn't get himself a quill without having a panic attack, how was he supposed to fight Death Eaters? "I… I'm aware," Percy said, looking away from George's face. "I was—I am… really ill. I…I understand that this does not excuse my absence, but I hope that you would find it in you to attempt to forgive me for my inadequacies." As George gawked at him, Percy looked ashamed. Ashamed of what? Being sick? Using gigantic words for no reason? "Perce, I…" George whispered but he paused what he was saying when he noticed that Percy looked even paler than a…well, he was a ghost, but he looked like the palest ghost that George had ever seen. "Percy?" George swallowed the lump in his throat because he was not going to feel sorry for the git just because his family didn't even know that he was there. Just because he was sick, alright? But it hurt to see this anyway. Percy might as well be wearing an invisibility cloak. A shocked Percy floated towards his father, staring at him with big cornflower blue eyes. "Is that mum and dad?" Percy asked. They didn't even flinch. He might as well not be there. "They look so… so old." OLD? George reiterated, as if he wanted to laugh at him but then he realised the lines in his parents' skin, and the streaks of white in his mum's hair. His father's face was sagging like a Romanian crup. When did they start looking like that? They were just forty a few days back… now, his dad hunched over like he was carrying the family clock on his back! "I can't believe you're going on about autographs," Molly crossed her arms over her chest. "If you're going to give the ghost one, it should be specially made, you know. He can't get the same autograph as everyone else. He's been a very nice ghost thus far. He's obviously letting George live in his house, which is more than I could say for the one in—" "Mum? Don't get this the wrong way, but when did your hair turn white?" George finally announced, only for Molly to flush. She was obviously embarrassed. "Dad, your face! You've went and become… old! When did that happen?" "You didn't notice?" Percy's eyes widened. Well, you didn't notice these things when they happened slowly! Ron burst into laughter. "Oh, you're getting it!" he told George, as if he'd said something insulting. "I can't believe you!" "What?" George looked confused. "I…I just never noticed it before is all! I mean, they were just forty!" "I don't look OLD!" Molly's voice was shrill as she peered into the mirror and shrieked. "When did this happen?! I was just twenty a few days back! What is this gigantic white streak in my hair? I look like I've bleached it! Why is my skin sagging? I've been using Primpernelle's Younger and Livelier than Ever! But I...I look like McGonagall's twin sister!" she cried out. Arthur then moved towards his wife, placing a hand on her shoulders. "I think you look lovely," he said and then he peered into the dirty mirror. He looked like he was the one that had just seen a ghost. "Is that what I look like?!" "Mr and Mrs Weasley, I think you look quite nice!" Angelina said, shooting a glare at George. "This house just has fumes!" "Yes, yes," Molly smoothed over her hair. "I'm sure it's just the mirror too! It ages you! Which is expected. I mean I'd be depressed too, if I knew that I'd died that young… I'm sure he probably looks like an old goat in this mirror. Yes. Georgie, darling, what's the ghost's name? It would be nice if we could call him by his real name and not just 'the ghost'." "Mother, there is nothing wrong with my mirror," Percy was ignored. Even if Molly could hear him, she'd ignore him. George looked at Percy. "His name is… um, Percival." Did you know how common that name was in the wizarding world? Even Dumbledore had Percy in his name. Well, along with every other name under the sun. "It's a common name where he comes from. You know, in the depths of…of…Brighton…Canterbury…Peckham…he moved around a lot!" "That's why you called him Percy!" Arthur paused a moment, saying that name like it made him choke. "You obviously hadn't been talking about…well, about him. Nobody talks about him anymore. Maybe I should stop talking about him…" "Are you talking about me?" Percy looked seriously offended. "But I'm…I'm your son, you ancient—!" Before George could change the topic, Molly just sighed deeply. "I don't know what's happened to him," she admitted, her shoulders slouching back. "He used to be such a good child. But he just left us for what? For the Ministry? What about Bill's wedding? What about-about Fred's funeral? How could he not come to Fred's funeral?" she was shaking. Percy looked as confused as Ron during his exams. "How could you not know about my death? What about the clock?" "Well…um…" George remembered Fred's handle falling off after his death. "Perce, mum tore your handle off the clock," he said in the lowest voice he could. Percy tried to pretend that it wasn't bothering him, but he looked like he was in serious pain. Could ghosts even feel pain? He looked at George like he didn't know what he'd done that was so profoundly wrong to receive this reception. If this was any other situation, George would've bitten his head off. But not in this instance. Just as the stony feeling formed in his chest, George's stomach flipped when he saw Percy's eyes fixed on the scars on Bill's face. A whimper left Percy's mouth before he could even say a word. He looked like he wanted to disappear. This was such a bloody mess. The only person in the room that could see how distressed Percy was was George. Everyone else was completely unaware of the fact that the 'house ghost' was having a breakdown. "What happened to Bill's face? He looks so…" Percy whispered; his voice so low that George's heart ached. He hadn't seen it since after, and he looked like he'd rather have his own eyes gauged out than look at him. His breathing hitched, which was weird because he didn't need to breathe. Percy was a ghost. Dead people didn't breathe. "Does it hurt?" "I don't reckon," George added on. "Perce, um… about mum and dad and… the clock…" "I don't want to talk about it," Percy said hotly, then reached over to feel for Bill's face. He shuddered, pulling his vest down. Percy's eyes then drifted to Charlie, and he looked mortified. Charlie looked better in his older years. He aged like a luxurious cheese... but not like the cheese in Percy's house that was for sure. When Percy wandered towards Ginny and Ron, he looked like he'd been smacked in the face. "Merlin, not only is this house bloody disgusting, the heating's not working either!" Bill shuddered. Percy flinched because nobody wanted to hear that their house was disgusting, even if it was. And if Percy couldn't see that, he was crazier than George took him for. "It's just one more problem after another," he looked at George. "I can't bloody believe you paid for a house where that some twenty-four-year-old obsessive hoarder died in. Probably crushed by a box he was moving around. Poor, poor Percival." Percy looked at Bill like he was really offended. "I'm twenty-two," he corrected. "But you're…you're so much... so much older than me." He looked shocked at how old everyone was. George was sure that Percy probably thought it was still 1998 in his head. George's heart stopped. Percy didn't know that it had already been eight years. How could he know? He never left this bloody house. Every day was the exact same. "Stop making fun of Percival, Bill. He still lives in this house after all. I'm sure he's talking George's ear off right now, isn't he? We've been noticing that you've been having your little side conversations, but we didn't want to disturb you!" Molly looked at George as if waiting for confirmation. He didn't give her one. "George is already friends with him, aren't you? Does this Percival remember where he'd died? I mean…I know he's ill and is a hoarder and everything but even he has to be able to see that this place needs a little bit of cleaning, doesn't he? Anyway, I'm sure that if we clean this place up, we're going to be helping him anyway. Do ghosts even have hoarding tendencies?" "I could've stopped when I wanted," Percy said in a soft voice. "You don't have to talk about me like I'm unstable." "You could've stopped when you wanted? Oh, I believe that!" George sounded out so loudly that even Angelina looked over at him. She looked like she was busy trying to polish off some sticky-looking glass-like substance that was glued onto the cupboards. It really wasn't coming off. "This house is covered with your rubbish! It's covered ceiling to ceiling with things you don't even need…well, unless you have a reason for buying industrial tins of broom polish. I'm sure you don't even own a bloody broom! Where would you put it? So, what do you mean you could've stopped when you wanted to?" "I could've," Percy weakly replied, looking just as ashamed as he was when he talked about his agoraphobia. If his agoraphobia was half as bad as his hoarding, then maybe he could understand why he never went to Fred's funeral. Percy went quiet. Great. George didn't expect to hurt his bloody feelings. He floated towards him with a soft expression. He placed his hands on his cheeks. George felt a brush of cold air and started shivering from the cold. Percy bit down his lip. He stopped trailing his hand when he'd gotten to where George's ear had been torn off. "You've-you've grown up too, George," Percy said stiffly, floating closer to him. "Your ear, you…" George felt sick. Remember when that happened? During the war Percy had never been to because he was busy making sure his cauldron thickness reports got ready on time? George found himself unable to talk, mostly because his heart was probably going to leap out of his chest. Was Percy like a Thestral? Except you had to lose a twin to be able to see him? Because why else would it be that he was the only one that could see him? Now that he was so close, George realised how eerily bony his hands looked like. Percy's baggy shirt slipped down his pointy, freckled shoulder. Did he die looking that disgusting? The closer he was, the more horrified George felt having to look at his sunken cheeks and gigantic eyes boring into his soul! "GET AWAY FROM ME!" George shrieked out loud, and everyone was staring at him now. Percy inched backwards. Would he stop looking at him like a Kneazle that had been run over by the Knight Bus? He didn't feel sorry for him. He didn't care about the fact that he'd been dead for eight years. Why in Merlin's name should he? "George?" Angelina grabbed his hand. "Trouble in paradise? Should we leave you and your new ghost friend alone?" "Um…um…" George looked at Percy's form in front of him. If he'd gone mental, he'd be imagining his own twin brother. Not the bloke that he hadn't given a single thought of in the last eight years. "He touched my face." He explained. "And you know how much I enjoy my face, Ange. It's why I'm not a Chaser. Like I could risk a Bludger ruining my face!" He couldn't believe Percy. He just had to die, didn't he? Wasn't it bad enough he was still coping with Fred's death? Now, he had this arsehole's secret to take with him to the grave, and he didn't know how he could possibly tell anyone that— "Yes, love, I know," Angelina closed the gap between them and kissed him. But he couldn't kiss her back because he felt like he was about to faint. Why did he feel like this? But then she paused, "George? Are you having a panic attack?" "What?" Percy looked at him like he couldn't believe that George could ever feel a negative emotion in his life. Bastard. "I AM NOT!" George replied almost instantly, feeling his fingers twitching. He felt like he was about to double over. George clutched his chest. He was breathing rapidly. What was it about saying out loud that you were having a panic attack that made people rush over? His heart was racing, and he was sweating like he'd just finished a Quidditch match. He was flushed and he had the worst stabbing chest pain. And his family was stealing all his bloody air by being around him. Alright. George did get the odd panic attack after Fred's death but it was fine! It happened when your twin died! It was normal. "George?" Angelina reiterated again, her hand gripping his arm tightly. "Love, are you okay? Do you want some water?" "I don't want any bloody water," alright, maybe George did feel a little thirsty, but it wasn't going to help. him, so why would he bother? "I'm fine." His family looked at him like they were afraid that this was going to be it. This was the delayed mental breakdown they thought that he was going to have years after losing Fred. He knew they thought about when they looked at him. He knew that even though they acted like he was fine; they knew he wasn't fine at all. That deep down, he was bitter and unhappy and— "Do you want to get out of here?" Ron asked softly. He didn't do anything softly but with George, he made the exception. George nodded his head. "No, I'm fine I'm fine I'm fine," he finally said. "I'm just bloody fantastic." When he met with Percy's face, he could see how terrified he looked like. Great. He had to deal with him too. He bet he had panic attacks every time someone threw one of his dirty, wet sopping boxes away. Well, he'd just have to deal with it, wouldn't he? He was cleaning this place because he wasn't living in a house that had atrocious sunflower-patterned wallpaper peeling off! "Love?" Molly looked like she was scared he'd stab himself and say he couldn't do it anymore. "Love, are you…?" "George, what's wrong?" Percy asked, looking completely confused. Why was he confused? This was all his fault! "Maybe we should look at other flats," George decided. He didn't want to live with his dead brother forever. It had only been half an hour and already George was losing it! Godric knew how they were going to spend a bloody year. Then in a voice that was so low that he was sure that only Percy could hear, "I feel bad, okay? I didn't want you to die. I can't live in this bloody house having to look at your bloody face all day, knowing that we didn't know, alright? Are you happy?" "George, what are you muttering about?" Molly cooed. "It's-it's going to be okay, love. We know it's hard. Losing Fred." "This is not about FRED!" George yelled, which to them, meant it had to be about Fred. "Not everything is about him!" Percy looked surprised. George would've been insulted if not for the times that he thought that Percy might as well be dead. It really wasn't the bloody same as knowing that your twenty-two-year-old brother actually did die in a flobberworm's resort, miserable and sick and alone. Even if he wasn't completely mentally ill, you'd think that that triumphed the anger that he felt for Percy missing a funeral. They held a ten-year grudge because of what happened on two days of that bloody year. The battle and the funeral. Nobody even thought that something must've happened for him not to come because he didn't visit their dad in the hospital. So, it must mean that he didn't care about the fact that they had to endure dragging Fred's body out of the rubble. How bloody heartless did they think that he was? George was almost embarrassed that he'd genuinely believed that. Angelina looked unconvinced. She knew he didn't care about the house falling apart on them. "If we clean up then—" "Does it look like you can clean this place up?" George tried to ask as calmly as possible, as he gestured towards the cupboard doors that were about to fall off because of how much rubbish was stuffed in. "Even if we did, we'd need to put in so much work just to make this place safe to live in. I… I didn't even know carpets could mold!" "My carpets are not moldy," Percy mumbled. "They're aged with time and memory." Angelina rolled her eyes. "And how do you propose we're going to pay for another flat, Mr Big Shop Owner?" "Um…" George fumbled with his pockets, looking uncertain. You'd think being a Quidditch star would mean money, but Angelina was still not getting paid until after six months. They needed a flat now, not in six bloody months. All of George's money was going to the bookstore right across from them, the one that sold a hundred copies of Even More Fantastical Beasts and Where to Find Them every day. The business was so broke that he could barely pay his own assistant. Ron hadn't received a check in ages! Diagon Alley was filled with more snooty snobs than the Yule Ball had been. He bet that some of them were still waiting outside his shop, ready to berate him after he'd ruined their sacrilegious annual book event! He bet that Percy would've been one of them if he hadn't croaked. Shame about that! "Love, we don't have any money," Angelina tried to remind him. "We can't even pay for half-off butterbeer." "Yes, we can," George said defiantly. He'd rather stay in the Burrow with Ron, Hermione, Rose and Hugo, or with Harry and Ginny and their three kids than have to share a house with Percy. "We're war heroes! We can buy BUTTERBEER!" "George, we can't," Angelina replied. She probably didn't believe he could pay to smell butterbeer. "We're broke." Before George could go off and ask them if that was what she thought of him, he felt a shiver run down his spine. "I own butterbeer. Full-priced," he heard Percy say. "Well, I can't exactly say where it is at the current moment but…" George looked over at Percy, standing there in a corner with his hands firmly grasping a framed photo. He bet to his parents that it was just a floating photo, which was the least interesting thing in this room to begin with. George snorted, like he'd drink Percy's expired full-priced butterbeer. Then it just hit him as he was stood there. He felt the numbness he felt like when he realised that Fred had just passed away, and the empty feeling in his stomach. "George, um…about the...err…panic attack…" Percy looked concerned. "I…I was unaware that this was a problem. Well, I suppose that I know that you're unaware that I'm unaware that this was a problem considering our… detachment but—" "How could I not have a panic attack?" George replied, sounding tearful. "How could you die? How could you be dead for eight years?" he whispered so lowly that the only person that would've been able to pick it up was Percy, who looked surprised. "Are we really so bad that we didn't know all this time that you were gone. We didn't even know that you were had this…this problem, of-of not being able to leave the house and hoarding all this rubbish. Merlin, you sodding bastard…" Angelina was giving him that look, and he knew that she knew that there was something wrong here. Then George followed this up with, "I have to tell mum and dad." Nobody knew this. How could they be? Percy's eyes widened and he looked like he was about to faint. Well, he looked like that anyway because of being as skinny as a chocolate skeleton, but he looked even woozier. Even though George knew that ghosts couldn't faint. "NO!" he shrieked out loudly. "I…I cannot allow you to do so! Are you aware of the-the problems that you will cause if…if you were to be as so thoughtless as to mention this?" "I'm sorry! Do want to wait another eight years?" George glowered, but it wasn't Percy's fault they didn't know if he was a bloody unsociable agoraphobic obsessive hoarder. He was sure with the amount of rubbish he'd managed to pool into this house, it might actually act as an anti-apparition field. George had trouble apparating from the living room to the kitchen. It was harder to navigate in this house than it had been for Draco Malfoy to help Death Eaters break into Hogwarts! Percy went quiet. "Not today," he decided curtly, cocking his head to the side. "You've never listened to a single thing I've said I know, but this is a delicate matter." "Fine, but-but we're cleaning this house," George warned him, and Percy looked seriously unnerved. What would a ghost do with gigantic expired cartons of a milk that he didn't even like? What was he going to do with full-priced butterbeer? "AND I'm-I'm going to buy butterbeer… full-priced AND organic!" he could do what he wanted to, thank you very much! He was a shop owner! An entrepreneur! A war hero! He could buy some butterbeer if he wanted to. "You can't…I can't…" Percy looked like he was about to explode. "It just needs some minor organising!" "And Hogwarts just needed some minor reconstruction after the war," George mumbled. He couldn't get over how sickly Percy looked like when George mentioned he was cleaning his house. "Well, you're not alive, so you don't get a say." "Well...I never had much of a say when I was alive either," Percy replied, and then he disappeared. George felt his heart hammer in a little faster in his chest. Bastard. Why couldn't he say anything exciting and motivating? Why did he have to guilt him even more? As if he didn't already feel bad enough about living when Fred was dead, now he had to feel awful for thinking about cleaning this overstuffed rubbish bin. But what could Percy do about it? He could yell and scream all he wanted, but George was the only one that was going to hear him. Did he really think that the rest of his family would let them live in a place like this? His mum looked like she had a tick with how badly she wanted to clean this house! As they left the house, George felt a gnawing feeling in his chest. He just couldn't believe he didn't know. It had been so long he couldn't remember the last time he saw Percy—besides the day that he visited at Christmas and Ginny flung mashed parsnip at him whilst he and Fred laughed. That couldn't be the last time he saw him, could it? George always knew that Percy was a little troubled, but he didn't think that he would throw himself so far off the deep end that he would consider locking himself in the house for TWO YEARS during the war! And why was he so emaciated to begin with? He'd hoarded so much food the kitchen was about to burst from it, so it obviously wasn't an issue of 'supply'. He also had two heaving bags under his eyes, like he hadn't slept in ages. How could a ghost look chronically sleep-deprived? And Percy said he'd left the house once after he'd died. That meant that he could, but he hadn't! For a bloody decade! The thought of his pompous git of a tidy brother living in a house that the Ministry deemed as unsanitary and unsafe was laughable. The fact that Percy continued to pile things well past the first eviction notice was stomach-churning. How ill did Percy have to be to ignore his beloved Ministry? The people that Percy left his family for? The people that George was under the impression still had a shocking hold on him? This was a bloke that lived and died by everything the Ministry said but was so sick from his hoarding and agoraphobia that he couldn't envision leaving this bloody house even after he died there. George was almost glad that Fred wasn't alive to see that. He didn't know if he would've been able to take it! The slow infestation and mottling of Percy's house somehow didn't put him off living there. Hell, he could've swallowed Scabbers' twin by accident and he still would've probably stayed there! Angelina just kept staring at him every now and then. She knew. She had to know, and it was keeping him on edge. They went to a restaurant afterwards to half-celebrate the fact that George had gotten a house, even if it might as well be a pile of cardboard glued together with dragon dung. The restaurant was lively. There was more purple in the room than Angelina had worn at their wedding. George wore a bright orange suit, to go with his shop colours, and had Ron as his best man. But everyone knew that it should've been Fred. Every time he thought about it, George felt depressed. "I'm so glad to be out of that place," Ron shuddered, looking over at his arms. "I think my arms could've fallen off from having to move all those ruddy boxes!" "George? Well, I decided that I'm the best big brother ever. You and Angelina can stay with us... I'm sure Fleur and I won't mind if you'd live with us until we find a way to declutter your house," Bill said house as if it wasn't what it really was. Shell Cottage was covered in drool of three excited children, but then his face hardened. "But you should know that Fleur's sister is living with us too. And try not to be a complete arse around her. The woman just got divorced. She doesn't need you turning her hair pink for a laugh!" George was deeply insulted. He was more likely to make her hair fall off! "Is that what you think of me?" George huffed, as he put down his menu. They'd already ordered a tomato fish stew that looked like it should be chucked right back into the ocean and Charlie was scoffing bread like there was no tomorrow. "No," Bill huffed, grabbing a piece of bread and dipping it in olive oil. Skinny bastard. "I think much worse of you." "Hey!" George crossed his arms over his chest. "Is that any way to talk to me? I'm a businessman! A shop owner! A purveyor of all things hilarious and vomit-inducing! I'm a professional, William. My shop assistant calls me Mr Weasley and makes me three coffees a day whilst writing monthly reports about our revenue. Oh and I suffered through a tragedy!" "Uh huh," Ron nodded. "Well, if you're such a responsible shop owner, why haven't you paid me yet?" "Well, um…obviously, I'm planning to," George straightened his shirt. "Eventually." Angelina had already had a bowlful of slime soup. George peered into it, disgusted at the existence of calamari. "Yes, when flobberworms sprout wings," Angelina mumbled. "And when Malkin learns how to sing." After deciding on a non-offensive spaghetti carbonara, Angelina asked for a seafood risotto. George examined his wife's face and body just to make sure she didn't grow any fins. And you know what she said after? "You're being awfully fishy right now. Is there something you want to tell me?" George nearly choked on his orange soda when he'd heard that. "Fishy?" he echoed. "No! I…I don't even like fish!" Well, not all fish, but he supposed fish and chips were alright. Everything else that wasn't breaded and covered in oil looked unnatural almost. How could you eat rubber that tasted like saltwater and proclaim it as a delicacy? "Uh huh. I'm sure there's nothing going on," Angelina mumbled. "Everything's just peachy." Charlie was staring at them and looked disgusted. "Oh, get a room." What did he think they were talking about? George didn't like peaches either. Why did his wife have such questionable taste buds? "Yes, just fine." Angelina then leaned into his ear and whispered, "Isn't there something you want to tell me?" George was shifting uncomfortably in his seat. "Not in particular." "Are you absolutely sure you have nothing to tell me?" Angelina asked, as she pulled out a frame from her bag. She shoved it towards his chest. George looked at it, and then felt delirious. The frame was covered in some sort of smudge just like everything else in that house, but then the picture shocked him. It was one of Percy and Penelope in that house. Surprisingly, the house didn't look like a complete nightmare before. The carpet had actual colour! The walls were WHITE! In the photograph, Penelope was holding a heaving cake into her teeny-tiny arms and Percy looked like he was trying to tell her that he'd pick it up himself from how close to an aneurysm he looked like.. Apparently, it was Percy's twenty-first birthday. The cake was a pathetically generic yellow cake. Percy didn't even like yellow cake. This one was obviously homemade and had mounds of vanilla? cream cheese? buttercream? icing slopping off the sides, but Percy was looking at it like it was straight out of a professional kitchen! "I found it in the house," Angelina whispered. "And there's more of it! Merlin, George, I bet underneath all muck is his Prefect badge!" What surprised George the most was that Penelope Clearwater was heavily pregnant! Pregnant! There was no way that— "Percy died in that house, didn't he?" Angelina's whispers felt like screams to his ears... well, ear. "Didn't he?" "YES!" George screamed. His hands started shaking as he put the photo down. Charlie looked like he wanted to vomit. "Did you really have to do that in here? This is a family restaurant!" "What?" Angelina looked at him like he was crazy. "We weren't doing anything!" Maybe she should put her hand back on the table before they aroused suspicions. And pardon him, George was shaking in fear and disbelief. He was not mid-orgasm, alright? George wanted to smash that photo in his hands. He couldn't believe what he just saw. He hadn't thought about what kind of life Percy had. He just assumed he just lived in that house and nothing happened at all! That was a reasonable assumption, right? George supposed that shagging Penelope Clearwater didn't require him leaving the house per say… but there was just no bloody way. He didn't say anything about knocking his girlfriend up—well, George supposed that he was too busy wondering how his family somehow ended up in his house. If Penelope didn't tell them about Percy's death, it meant that she and Percy weren't together anymore. How could they be? She would've mentioned that her boyfriend was dead. Hell, she would've stormed straight into the Burrow the hour after, shrieking at them for being so 'callous and ignorant.' Angelina and George were silent for ages, with them waiting for their food. He hated these posh restaurants sometimes. If he was going to be waiting this long, he wanted to be serenaded. He deserved that if he was going to pay for this—not that he was, you know, on account of him being so broke that he couldn't afford butterbeer but… "Please don't tell anyone," George begged her, his big brown eyes filled with fear. "Look at them." Angelina did, in fact, bother to look over at his parents who looked like they were having the time of their life, eating rubbery stew. How could you spoil their mood by telling them that they were horrible parents? Not that they were bad, but you know, normal parents generally knew whether their children were alive or dead. Merlin, that meant that George was a horrible brother, which well, he knew but he'd like to think that he wasn't that bad. She shook her head in disbelief. "Oh yes," her voice was dripping with sarcasm. "It's not like it's been eight years." George tried to ignore his wife's voice of reason and tried to eat his spaghetti. He could barely make it a few mouthfuls before his appetite just died. He pushed his plate away with it being ninety-five percent full. He was a mess. He felt nauseous. He was in disbelief. Oh, and his hair was a little longer than usual because he couldn't bother getting it cut and his self-cutting scissors almost cut his other ear off last month! Ron seemed to notice that George was in a foul mood. "She didn't want to go for round two?" he smirked. "Arsehole," George muttered. She barely did that sort of thing in their own marital bed! Why would she do it here? "She's a dignified woman, Ronniekins." George nodded his head, but he could feel tears fill his eyes and he pushed them away. He was fine. He was fine, and he was going to enjoy his favourite coffee macaroons that he couldn't afford (well, Bill was paying). But when the biscuits hit the table, George felt his stomach turn. Merlin, how could tiny delicate looking macaroons make him feel ill? But he just couldn't pick them up to eat. They had virtually no smell, and were the least offensive dessert ever, but they made him want to upchuck like he was Fleur Delacour in her first trimester. He looked away from his plate, completely dizzy. "I'm not hungry," he pushed his favourite pudding over at Ron, who got stuck in without another word. "You're not hungry?" Ron already had chocolate mousse around his mouth. "Afraid you won't fit into your dress robes?" "No," George mumbled, but he had not eaten much and was starting to feel even dizzy. Besides the few mouthfuls of spaghetti carbonara, he hadn't eaten since last night and was starting to see stars already. By the time that he'd left the restaurant, George's dizziness got worse. He started walking a little funny but ignored it and continued hobbling across the Diagon Alley. His mum stopped by a stall to look at half-off jewellery. George probably should've said something then, but he remained quiet. About five minutes later, he found himself flat on the ground with a massive headache. Well, he couldn't say that he fainted without warning, could he? George's cheeks coloured in when he realised that his whole family circled around him. He didn't see them but he could feel them around him. Stealing his air again! His eyes were still closed but he could hear what people said about him and it made him shudder. "Never been the same since Fred's death…" his mother was telling someone. Their dad? Bill? Charlie? Ron? Ginny? His wife? "…I mean he puts on a brave face, but everyone knows that he's hurting underneath all that. And can you really blame him? Fred was his twin." "…becoming crazy," Bill's voice was stern. "Buying that house! What was he thinking for Merlin's sake?" "Leave him alone," he could hear his wife say. "He doesn't need you on his case, alright? He's had it hard enough." "Doesn't need us on his case?" Ron's voice was so loud that George's head pounded. "No, we'll just watch him get loonier by the bloody year! You're his wife! You should notice that he's getting more unhinged by the year! Do you really want to live in that miserable swamp with walls?" he felt a hand on his shoulder. He was sure it was Ron's. Suddenly, all George could think about was the story Percy told him about blacking out in the middle of Diagon Alley and how ashamed that he felt like. How he'd just bolted into his house and never left it again afterwards. When he opened his eyes, Bill helped him sit up and George panted, clutching his chest. He just found out his brother had been dead for years. Cut him some bloody slack, alright? This was a completely normal reaction. He was not crazy. Arthur helped him up, and then half-hugged him. "Are you alright?" he asked, only for George to numbly nod his head. In those few seconds, all these memories came back. He remembered six-year-old Percy yelling at them not to disturb their mum at three in the morning because she was tired. They had been up all night, unable to sleep and Percy stayed up with them just to make sure that they didn't set the house on fire. He remembered eight-year-old Percy falling off his first broomstick. Fred and George hadn't let him forget how absolutely lame that was that Percy couldn't stay on a broom for more than three seconds. He remembered the first time Percy broke his glasses (not knowing a thing about repairing charms) and deciding that maybe he should just pack his things and leave the house because he was afraid of being yelled at. He remembered how snooty eleven-year-old Percy was standing there in front of the Hogwarts train, and then how he wavered when he had to hop on. He remembered shoving the Christmas jumper on fifteen-year-old Percy, reminding him that P was for Perfect and the scowl that Percy gave them. He remembered sixteen-year-old Percy flushing as he held Penelope's hand through Hogsmeade, looking around to make sure Fred and George weren't watching (they were). He remembered seventeen-year-old Percy, smug and self-satisfied as he left school with top marks. He remembered him rattling on about his stupid cauldron bottom thickness report... Well, he didn't have to worry about Percy talking so much about the stupid cauldron thickness report anymore, did he? Did you know what was so funny? George couldn't even remember the row that he had with his father all that well. He couldn't remember what they'd said to each other that was so bad, but he could remember seeing Percy in Diagon Alley a few months after, having coffee by himself and looking positively lonely. He could remember Percy sending back his Christmas jumper and how fuming his father was. He could remember Percy not being there when his father was in the home. But he could also remember feeling unsafe in Grimmauld Place, and wondering if that git was alright.. He remembered that glimmer of hope that Percy would somehow run straight in and apologise. They would've forgive him. They had to. Percy was their brother for Merlin's sake. George also remembered that the first thing he felt was anger when he had lost Fred. It should've been Percy. Now, all he could think about was Percy watching his house rot by himself for the last decade, with no contact with the outside world whatsoever. Was it worth a missed wedding? A missed funeral? A single fight in the span of nineteen bloody years that he existed in? Did it turn twenty years of experiences into nothing? All for what? Because Percy was having a temper tantrum and threw his mum's jumper back at her and refused to go to any family event until someone told him that he was right? Was that worth tearing out his handle from the family clock? Was it worth not knowing what the stupid git was doing for a whole decade? Was it worth leaving him to live alone by himself during a war and wonder why he didn't come back? Was it worth not knowing that that stupid pompous prat turned into an absolute nutter in the last eight years? This pathetic git used to wake up at five in the morning to organise all his clothes and papers into neat piles—that same arsehole somehow managed to pile so much stuff in one space that even Ron felt a little claustrophobic. And Percy was actually claustrophobic. He'd always been claustrophobic. How did he live in that house? Did it not scare him to death? (Poor choice of words, George knew.) But can you believe it? This was the same git that washed all his clothes after his mum did had somehow managed to accumulate more dust in his house than Fred probably did in his bloody coffin. Did Percy even have a coffin? Did they not bury his body over a FIGHT? "George?" Molly smoothed her hand over his hair. Every time he closed his eyes, he could remember exactly how Fred died. How dare he not even know the most minute details of Percy's death? They'd tossed him aside like a bloody doll. And for bloody what? George felt his head pound as he wrapped his arms around himself. Arthur looked worried. He couldn't help it. When he closed his eyes, all he kept seeing was that picture. Penelope didn't know either. If she knew, then they'd know, wouldn't they? All George knew in that instance was that Percy had to have died alone, with no friends, no contact from the outside world whatsoever. Because if he had someone there, how could his death go unnoticed for so bloody long? As George processed all these thoughts through his numb mind, he just started sobbing because it really hit him that that stupid prat was really gone. He was never going to see him again just randomly pop up in the Ministry, looking smug and self-satisfied. He was never going to wear another Christmas jumper ever again. He was never going to have any real closure with that git. He was never going to see him again. He was never going to make up for a decade of not talking to each other. It was all gone, and nobody even knew about it! Percy had sent a single owl before he'd died, and they set it on FIRE! Angelina held shoulder. "You…you have something to tell them, don't you?" all George could do was stare at his family. Then he silently nodded his head.
Dead to Me Chapter Three: Delaying Apparition "You…you need to tell them something, don't you?" those words were echoing in his head. Nope, not really, George wanted to say but he did just have a panic attack and faint in the same day. He couldn't exactly say that everything was fine and that he was just having an attack of his undiagnosed vertigo now…could he? The air felt boiling and overbearing where it was cool and crisp before just seconds before. When George sat up, all he could see were a fiery display of fireworks explode in front of his eyes. He shook more than an old guy with Parkinson's shoveling snow outside his house. Angelina gave him that look. You know? That look, that 'If you don't tell them, then you bet your gorgeous rounded arse I will' look. Well… she probably would not comment on how gorgeous and rounded his arse was, but she should be! If George had been born a woman, he was sure that he'd now be in the arms of Witch Weekly's Hottest Bachelor thank you very much. As she continued to glare at him, he continued to stay as quiet as a dead mouse. So much for Gryffindor bravery. But how could he be 'brave?' George felt like a Bludger just hit him in the gut and threw him off his broom before he could bat it away. He shuddered, wrapping his arms around himself. He felt so cold, even though he was wearing a black t-shirt and an unbuttoned purple-and-white plaid shirt on top in the middle of a scorching heat wave. There were probably wizards dying of hypothermia that asked their nurses to pull down the windows because they were afraid that their toes were about to melt off. Bill's thin red hair was slick with more sweat than a Quidditch player after a six-hour match. Ron had permanently turned into the colour of a Chinese Fireball, and Ginny wore less clothes than a Knockturn Alley prostitute. But when George closed his eyes, all he could think of was how cold Percy's presence had been. Merlin… "What… what is that you need to tell us, dear?" his mum's saccharine tones made him want to be sick. "George?" "We need to go back to the house," George could see Angelina's face softening. "I…I can't tell you here. It's not right." He knows that we don't hate him, right? he thought. If we knew that was his last owl, we wouldn't have chucked it in the fire... okay? Molly looked over at Arthur, "I suppose that Madam Malkins will let us use her fireplace for a Floo call back to the Burrow—"she'd been cut off when she noticed George frantically shaking his head. He remembered the look of relief on everyone's face the second they left that house. They obviously wanted time to process how foul it really was. In fact, Charlie looked like he'd rather be cleaning dragon dung for the rest of his life than try to tidy up that place just once! "No, not the Burrow," George said. "My… my new house," he explained in a shaky tone. What a joke. His new house. Ron looked at George like he had a stroke. "What? You didn't think we got enough asbestos the first time?" "Your new house," Charlie echoed. He looked flummoxed, like he hadn't heard that right. And here George was the one that thought he had difficulty hearing. Speaking of hearing... "Why? Do you feel like you might've accidentally dropped your other ear there?" Ron snorted. "If you're going to pull a prank on us, Georgie, then maybe you should be cleverer about it." Cleverer? George scrunched up his nose. Was that a real word? Because it didn't sound like it should be. Ginny seemed to think along the same lines as Ron. "What were you going to do? We walk in and are doused by hundred-year-old debris? A carton of yoghurt culturing a mini Herbology greenhouse exploding in our face? Crushed by a collection of self-help books about how to spring clean your house?" He would hate to admit that those sounded like great ideas. Why couldn't George think of them before? "You still act like children," Molly didn't seem impressed by this. "Your brother obviously needs us in the house to…um…" she paused, trying to rationalise this. "Well, dear, what do you need us in the house for? I mean—couldn't you just tell us here? It'll be easier for all of us. And look! There's something here that that house doesn't have! Fresh air! It's a rather…you know, pleasant thing." "No," George's voice was soft. "It has to be in that house. That house is special." "It's plenty special alright," Bill mumbled, snorting. "Even tombs in Egypt are better preserved." George felt a chill down his spine when he felt Arthur's warm hand on him. "George, this better not be a joke," Arthur warned him, pushing his glasses up his nose. "You nearly gave your mum and I heart attacks when you just blacked out right now! Especially now that you've pointed out that we're…um… old." "You're not that old," Charlie told Arthur as gently as possible. "I mean you've got to live to at least a hundred, right?" "It's not a joke! Maybe I have a good reason for this—and I do!" George said seriously. Even though he had been known to lie about…you know, things being serious for a laugh, he obviously meant it this time. In fact, he should've said something about it before he blacked out. It might've saved him a few brain cells. Merlin knew he needed them considering he barely had any O. in Hogwarts. "It's important, alright? It's the most important thing since Fred's death." Everyone had just gone silent. The humour had melted off Ron's face and Ginny looked paler than…well, Percy. He felt so exhausted. "I… I'm sorry," George said, even though he didn't know what he was apologising for. Arthur's hand dropped away from George's hand like he was a couple of fireworks that were going to explode. Well, if those fireworks were Weasley's Wildfire Whizzing-Past-All-Hope-And-Sanity— "Is anyone going to say something?" George asked, sounding a little irritated. "I said I'm sorr—" "George, did you do something?" Arthur gave him that look, and George felt his stomach flip. Why did his parents always think that he was on the verge of suicide? Why did they always think he was going to buck under? "Did you?" George shook his head. "No," he whispered. "What did you think I'd done?" he asked, only for Arthur to look away. Angelina moved closer to George. When she wore those fancy dress robes, did she envision what would happen today? "Can we just go to the house?" George mentioned again, trying to ignore the fact that he was pissed. Charlie, Ron, Bill, and Ginny all looked to each other tentatively. His parents looked like they felt sorry for him. "Um…love, I…" Molly's voice just trailed off. What? She thought that he was losing it. What else was new? "I just don't get it. Why…why do we need to go to the house?" Ron asked. George couldn't blame him for asking. But he couldn't tell him. "Is there something you want to tell us that requires a flobberworm infestation to help illuminate your point better? Do you feel touched by your poor agoraphobic ghost friend's story about how he obviously got swallowed by his own house?" "You know the word illuminate?" Ginny gave him a look, and Ron just shrugged. Hermione probably. But George was kind of sure that he'd used it wrong. That sentence didn't sound right. Whatever. He couldn't believe that they were laughing and so unaware and ignorant—blimey, he was turning into Percy. "Fine," George huffed. "I'll go there by myself! I don't need you! Any of you! I made a simple mistake of buying a junkyard and now, nobody bloody trusts me—well, good riddance!" He knew that there was no way his family would let him do this alone. Oh, and plus they also thought that he might slit his wrists and bleed out and die in that house all alone. Angelina just grabbed George's hand and squeezed it in comfort. He didn't feel comforted. He needed a pity shag now. "I think Percy should be there when you tell them too," Angelina cajoled. He melted. "I barely talked to him; you know. When he was alive I mean." "I know," George replied, but he felt like it was so wrong. This shouldn't have happened. He felt like he was back in the Battle of Hogwarts. As empty and as shocked and in pain as he did before. He felt like he couldn't be in as much pain as he did right then, but also so numb that he didn't feel like he could feel anything ever again. He felt like that now. He couldn't even hold Percy's body, to really hammer in the fact that he had passed away and that felt like a crime in its own. "I barely talked to him too. You know, when it came to things that mattered…he died, knowing everyone thought he was a git." "I think charming his prefect badge to read Pinhead probably didn't help," Angelina supplied. But George didn't laugh. "He lived eight years knowing nobody bothered to bury him," George's voice was unsteady. "It's not normal, Ange. It's not even human." The smile off his wife's face immediately melted away and George just sulked all by himself. "It's not your fault," she told him. "Then whose fault is it?" George turned to walk away, Angelina trailing after him. They didn't last more than three minutes of walking alone before Ron was running like he was trying to catch up with a professional Quidditch player doing sprints. Well... George could've gone professional if he wanted, but he was too busy being a joke shop owner extraordinaire! The rest of his family followed suit, because they weren't mental enough to start running in the middle of a busy crowd in Diagon Alley. Well, it wasn't like George was sprinting at a ghastly pace, so they caught up with him fairly quickly. Even his mum could've caught up with him and she had two bad knees (how did they not know that they were old until Percy pointed it out? Blimey.) George must've blocked it out with, you know, losing his twin and sinking into depression and all. "Look, fine!" Charlie said the second that he got there, panting and red-faced. "We'll go with you. But it better start making sense real soon." "Really? You'll come with? I wouldn't want you to suddenly combust in flames upon entering my house," George huffed in annoyance. Seriously. this bloke dealt with dragons. He was afraid of a house? And maybe he start hitting the Quidditch pitch again if he could barely run a few blocks without getting winded. "And it will make sense. I talk in English, not Elvish!" The rest of his family joined in. Ron gave him a quizzical look, like he was trying to figure out the instructions to a potion. "Well…do you want to tell us about it?" Bill asked. "I mean—not everything. Just a hint. It is strange, you know." George paused in the middle of walking, placing his hands in his pockets. "Yes," he said. "Fine. Since you're so curious." "Yes?" Molly looked at him like she didn't know what else he was going to do. Well, to be fair, he'd already given her the shock of his life when he proclaimed that he was going to be living in a mottling dust bin (that he willingly paid for it!). "I mean—only if you really want to, dear. We're not pressuring you into anything but…we are curious." "Yes, well…" George cleared his throat, keeping his back turned to his parents. "It's about Percy." Bill looked like he wanted to collapse in the middle of Diagon Alley, claiming he had a ruptured appendix at thirty-five. "Percy. You mean your new ghost friend or…or…?" Arthur cocked his head to the side. "Or you know, my—" "Oh! You mean your son?" George bitterly offered, only for Arthur to flush and nod his head. You'd think that Percy had been You-Know-Who, and the thought infuriated him. He couldn't believe he was like them—just last night! Hot tears burned into his eyes. "Merlin, this is so stupid! Do you even remember why you're so bloody angry at him in the first place? Why couldn't we just have invited him over for Christmas or send him a bloody birthday card or something? Why couldn't we have...have done anything?" "Mum is afraid he'd send it back," Ginny sneered. Merlin, with the way she was talking, you wouldn't think that she spent her days patiently coaxing a one-year-old to sleep whilst juggling a five-year-old that enjoyed annoying his poor baby brother. Was this how they were really like? "What did he do? Did he write to you after a decade of vanishing into thin air to tell you about how he desperately needed your help to remove the stick up his arse? Did the healers tell him being a berk was terminal? Did he finally decide he felt bad for missing Fred's funeral eight years ago?" George's stomach twisted. "You… you don't understand," he finally said. "It's…it's worse than that," his voice softened. Merlin, was he really like that? Did he really think of Percy like that? No wonder he bloody left. "Um, did… did something happen, dear?" Molly tentatively asked. George thought about how his father told them about how their mum always saw Percy as special because of how he nearly died as a baby—more than once. Apparently, he had the cord wrapped around his neck three times, and then he was so premature his lungs didn't develop and needed to be kept in a wizarding incubator and fed a special lung-strengthening potion. Merlin, what happened? "Did Percy owl you about something? Did the hospital send an emergency Floo call that we don't know about? Is he ill? Is this… this what this is all about?" "No," George mumbled softly, looking down at the ground. "It's not that. I…I'll explain when we get there." Before George could think about what was going on, Bill had spun him around and just stared at him in disbelief. "No, you're going to explain now! Why do we have to go into your house to hear you tell us something about our turncoat brother?" Bill asked him for a final time and George tried to push him off. It was funny that George couldn't because he probably had at least two stones of muscle on weedy Billy. "Just say it! Tell us! What is…" "Merlin, you're so bloody annoying!" George yelled, hands shaking uncontrollably. "Why can't you just wait? You'd know by now if you'd just listen to what I said! Do you think I want to tell you? You badger me on about if I'm fine and if I need anything, and don't believe me when I say I am. I'm fucking livid. The one time I ask you to walk into a house and you're acting like I told you to go on another hunt for horcruxes! Maybe…maybe Percy was right! This family sucks!" "STOP BEING SO BLOODY CRYPTIC!" Charlie yelled back at him, to which George just scoffed. "Or we won't come at all!" "Well, if you don't want to come then I won't force you. Don't bother coming. Might as well leave Perce for dead, isn't that right? What do you care if he needs you or he's in trouble or if he's croaked. Why would you care? It doesn't matter that I, the twin of that dead bloke that you seem to mourn so much, forgave him now," George mumbled to himself. "Ungrateful, selfish sodding arseholes." He felt tears spilling down his cheeks as he walked away. He was weaker than mum's new brand of black tea. Absolutely pathetic. He walked away from the bristling crowd. Even though Diagon Alley was busier than glumbumbles in a flower field, George felt like it was a little too quiet. His family hadn't said anything for a whole ten minutes, which was a record. But it didn't take long until his family had caught up with him again because he was too busy sulking to really walk. "Hey, George," Ginny's voice was soft. "You can't blame Bill for asking. We just…are worried about you." He was sick of people worrying about him, but they wouldn't worry so much about him if they knew, alright? "I know you say that you're fine but you're not," Arthur supplemented in as tender of a voice as he could. "George, every time I see you, I feel like there's something in you that's just…not there. I know everyone agrees with me. There's something that is so…hollow about you." Maybe he lost a whole twin? Maybe that was what he was looking for? George did feel like a shell sometimes, like he was waiting for it to be filled with his usual George-ness but it just didn't. "I… I heard you, you know. When I passed out," George admitted. "I…I'm not mental, alright?" "We know," Ron replied, but he sounded about as convinced as Bill was when mum told him that he'd look better if he stopped wearing so many overpriced dragonhide jackets. "But you do things that make us feel like you're mental. You can't go on having panic attacks every three days and pretend like you're absolutely fine!" "I do-do not pretend that everything's fine!" George mumbled. "I complain about everything! Didn't you notice?" "It's not the same, George," Ginny told him. "We know that there are things you're not telling anyone." "That's not true! I tell everyone everything!" George huffed, and then he remembered that he was the only one that knew that Percy had become an absolute recluse. Oh, and he still didn't know how he died, but he bet he knew that he died in an infested house, probably alone. "Well, almost everything," he mumbled. "But I'll tell you now. I…I promise." "Okay," Ginny replied but she didn't sound like she believed him. "Is this really about Percy?" "Yes, it is," George replied, running his hand down his neck. "You'll see," he finished off. "You'll get it, alright?" But this was the right thing to do. Percy should see how shattered everyone was going to be if they knew what happened. Then a flicker of emotion passed by Bill's eyes momentarily, and he looked sick. The bastard figured it out, didn't he? "Excuse me, mum. I have a sudden urge to talk to George about the Quidditch matches. You know, the ones that were...um...the Quidditch matches!" they both knew he was lying but they didn't call him out on it. He grabbed George's hand and sped up with him a little bit just so that they were ahead of everyone. Bill didn't say anything until they were so far away from the rest of the family that George felt like he needed a telescope to see them. "Percy's the ghost you saw, wasn't he?" Bill already had tears filling his eyes. "The ghost that died eight years back?" George just couldn't take it anymore. He paused in the middle of the street and burst into tears, nodding his head. He was so bloody pathetic, acting like it was the first time that he heard the news. It still made him want to vomit. "Did you think that he would've died like this, Bill...? Do you think?" George asked, voice low. "You remember in his first year, when his appendix ruptured, and he was in the hospital after? He was sick all the time. He thought he was going to die, puking up everything he ate and feeling his stomach hurt all day. He had a fit every time someone left him in the room alone and…" "George, he was just a first year. He was a little kid," Bill told him. "You're going to make yourself sick thinking like that." "Well, he was just a kid when he died. He was twenty-two, Bill—twenty-two!" the age difference between him and Percy felt so big when they were growing up. Was it really that big? Two years didn't feel like much at all anymore. George didn't even remember seeing Percy as young before now. But now, George could see that Percy was practically a baby when he had his gigantic temper tantrum that divided the family together. He was still young when he was living alone during the war. He was still so very bloody young when he died in that house. He should know better, he remembered thinking. Because Ginny was so much younger, and she knew better too. Besides, he was so bloody smart. He should've known, shouldn't he? Gloating about all those bloody O.W.L's. He should've known. "Are you really going to tell me that he was fine with dying in that rotting rubbish bin all alone? That he was okay knowing nobody even bothered finding out what happened to him?" George didn't feel like a war hero anymore when he saw Percy break down because he was throwing away a rotten milk carton. He felt like they'd lost all along. Would the Ministry be there for you when they figure out that there's a war going on? George remembered wanting to ask him when he'd laid awake at night in Grimmauld Place. What about us? What about your family, Perce? Do you really choose them over us? We'd actually care if you die, you stupid bastard. Now, he felt like the worst arsehole in the world. It didn't seem like his family did him any favours either in the last decade. "You're right," Bill looked broken. George wished he'd tell him that he was wrong. He wished that he had a good reason for the way they'd been, but there wasn't. "How are you going to tell them?" "I don't know," George answered honestly, putting his hands into his pockets. He tried to rub the tears out of his eyes, as he glanced back and realised that his mum's pace slowed down because of her knees and his dad was puffing like he was in the middle of a Quidditch tournament. Ron was angrily shouting to Charlie and Ginny about something, who both looked bored. Bill closed the gap between them and wrapped his hand around George's shoulder. "We have to clean that house. We have to find where his body is underneath all that rubbish," he said bitterly. "We have to bury him." George just slowly nodded his head. They needed to clean that house. They needed to give him a real funeral. "Do you think he'd mind if we have fireworks?" he asked vacantly. Bill smiled back weakly. He tried to imagine how it would be like helping Percy with his agoraphobia. If George didn't help him, then he was going to be that sad ghost that never left the house. If he did help Percy, then hsi brother was going to be the ghost that could leave the house for the first time in a decade and not be able to bloody enjoy it because he was dead. That was how bad this situation was. But he had to do this. It wouldn't be right to tell his family about Percy's death without him there to see their reactions, even though Percy didn't want anyone to know. He was mental anyway. Did he really know what he wanted? What he needed? Besides, he'd been excluded enough from their life, wasn't he? George couldn't just let Percy live in that house forever, believing that his death was meaningless and that his existence in this planet meant nothing. That not only did he fail to achieve his goal of being Minister for bloody Magic, but he was so much of a nobody that even his family hadn't bothered burying him for the last eight years. George couldn't let that happen. Fred would come back from the death just to slaughter him if he did. Do you know what was horrifying? Normal people felt scared when their owl didn't come back from sending letters in a week. If Errol died, his mum would organised a funeral within a few days. Percy's life couldn't mean less than a bird. For some reason, George continued walking and then realised that he was not seriously going to walk from Diagon Alley to Devon now, was he? He was so out of touch with himself that he didnt' realise what he was doing. He didn't suggest apparating to the house until ten minutes after they started walking. He was too lost in his own thoughts and too exhausted from the events of the day. And nobody said anything because nobody wanted to leave him all alone and nobody wanted to make him go off another ten-minute rant about how they shouldn't question his decisions. "Can you tell everyone else I've stopped being a raging lunatic for now?" he asked. "We should just apparate to the house." And Bill just grinned before turning to face their parents. After everyone was on the same page, George stopped in the middle of the street and suggested that they'd just meet up there. They looked relieved. Merlin, was he that bad? Apparating made him feel worse. He rarely apparated without an accident these days, so Bill helped him side-apparate to the house. The sky was still pale, and the woods were even greener than George remembered them. As he took a deep breath, he inhaled the stale air. If he stayed in that house for any longer than a day, George was sure he'd be admitted in St Mungo's for lead poisoning. "I can't believe that he lived there," was the first thing Bill told George when they got there. He couldn't either. The house looked even worse than George had remembered it. All these eviction notices looked like red leaves falling out of a tree. The yellowed, dying grass looked like it had last seen water in 1986. There was a flower bed next to a selection of Beater's Bats (why did Percy own a Beater's bat? Much less a selection of them). The flower bed had died so long ago that the sight of the browning 'flowers' (were they flowers?) attracted more creatures than there was in Charlie's extended copy of Even More Fantastical Beasts and Where to Find Them. "Home sweet home, huh?" Bill told George. This time when they tried to open the door, the handle just fell off. "Oh, come on!" Charlie looked frustrated, as he huffed. "I still can't believe you paid for this death trap." It took ten minutes to get into the house because of the wonky handle. George looked around, trying to see if Percy was around but no! The only sound was the standard creepy sounds of the creaking floorboards against his shoes. If he closed his eyes long enough, he could hear the Cornish pixies in between the walls mating. "Alright, Georgie," Ron spat out mockingly. "Why don't you tell us what was so important you had to drag us back here?" George didn't bother answering his younger brother. He wandered over to one of the million boxes in the house. They were all covered in dust and cobwebs and George just hoped that a giant spider would jump out at Ron for being a gigantic git. As he took a deep breath, George tore the Spello-tape on one of the boxes and then peered into it. "Um…why I bought you here. Right..." George felt his heart pump a faster when Percy suddenly materialised in front of him, looking betrayed. Percy bit down his lower lip, looking down at the floor. He was just staring longingly at his parents. He must've noticed Charlie was holding out takeaway bags because Percy's face twisted in some kind of emotion. Merlin, George forgot Percy used to go there with them. George felt his heart hammering in his chest. What was he going to say? What was he thinking about? "You went to that restaurant over by Quality Quidditch Supplies," Percy commented, and George nodded mutely. "The one that somehow manages to sell both Vietnamese spring rolls and fish and chips." "Uh huh," George kept his eyes on the floor. "Do you still eat there…you know? After—before you—uh…" "You dragged us here just to talk to a ghost about what kind of food he likes?" Charlie asked, gawking at George. It was horrible that George found this funny, given the fact that Percy looked like he used to exist on fat-free crackers and water. Percy was amused. "Do you honestly think I'd bother eating at a restaurant that sells pink curries?" "Uh huh. Well, it looks like you don't bother eating much at all," George knew how that sounded like, but you should see him. Percy just rolled his eyes. What was he rolling his eyes at? Did he see how he looked like? "Well… it's complicated." Complicated. Eating and digesting food was complicated but stacking fifteen cardboard boxes on top of each other was not! He kept peering over at his unsuspecting family. Percy must've known why George was there. He must've known. "I'm sorry, Perce. I... I have to tell them," George whispered, as he stared at the contents of the box. The more he looked at it, the worse he felt. It was Percy's clothes. His things. He was really here. What did he think they were going to do? That they were going to whisper to each other for the next ten years and keep his death like the family secret for the rest of his life? George really would've gone mental if that happened. "You have to understand, don't you? I mean… if it was anyone else, you'd want to know, wouldn't you?" There was a moment of silence and George had never been so terrified for an answer for anything before in his life. "George, I've been dead for eight years. I was not a war hero. I was not a good brother, or son. You do not need Trelawney to see I'd died a miserable, lonely death," Percy replied. As if George could forget. "My body has long decomposed. It looks like every other skeleton in the planet. I don't even know where it is anymore! What… what is the point of this? Besides making yourself feel better about being absent? Do you think that I care anymore? It's been eight years!" He might as well have said that he wanted them to leave him alone to rot. That he didn't care about himself anymore either. "Hey GEORGE, do you care to tell us what this is all about?" Ron was squashed between boxes and infuriated by the looks of things. "You know we have other things to do besides watch you and your ghost have it off in this refuse." Percy just stared at Ron, and then felt his lips form into a tight line. "This isn't a refuse," he said. "This is my house." George stared at the box in front of him. He grabbed it in his hands. "Perce, your things…" "Yes, mine and not yours," Percy reminded him. George tore off the rest of the Spello-tape and cracked open the box. He sneezed. "Of course!" In this box was a heap of Percy's clothes that George would've recognised it anywhere. He wore the same trousers since his sixth year. Merlin, considering how he looked like now, George had no doubt he would've fit into his third-year clothes too. The smell of Percy hit him in the face quicker than he could process and he felt his eyes burning with tears. He never thought he'd be so close to anything of Percy's ever. The smell bought so much pain and joy to George. "Remember this? You spent a week trying to get the stain out of them when Neville was practicing making potions in the common room and you were rattling off about how it wasn't allowed," George asked Percy out loud as he pulled out his trousers. He didn't care how crazy it was going to sound to everyone else. "These? You used to have it off in them when you got owls from Penny," he pointed towards a pair of grey trousers that Percy practically lived in when he was busy writing love letters to Penelope. George vividly remembered Percy washing them until the colour faded into white, then he didn't want them anymore. "What about this? You threw it in the fire the second that we got to Hogwarts and then told mum that it was eaten by a vicious plant," he gestured towards his first Gryffindor scarf. His mum practically strangled him with it, asking him to wear it that winter. "No," Percy looked away from George. He didn't want to remember. "Just... just quit it," he warned weakly. "OH, FOR MERLIN'S SAKE! GEORGE, CAN YOU STOP TALKING TO THE BLOODY GHOST!" Ron shrieked. George dropped the box in his hands and felt his breathing quicken. Ron then wrapped his arm around George. "I'm sorry," he said. "Georgie, we just don't know what to do with…—" He paused as he looked down at the contents of the box. He knew in that second that Ron recognised them. "Ron?" Percy floated in front of him. "Ron?" he waved his hand in front of him. "Can you see me?" After George shook his head, Percy looked even more troubled. "Um… Ron? Ron, I apologise for the letter that I…" "That letter? What about it?" George kept his voice as light as ever. Ron lifted his head up because he knew that he was talking about that letter congratulating him on being a prefect. Ron kept looking from wall to wall, as if he was waiting for Percy to suddenly appear. "Ron loved it. Framed it in his dorm. Kept looking back at it for inspiration for his O. ." "You miserable sodding goat, THIS is what you wanted to tell us?" Ron must've been able to figure it out on his own. It wasn't hard when you knew there was a ghost named Percival, and you already told him that the news was going to be about their brother, Percy. Especially with George's breakdown. Especially when you were looking at your brother's things, the one you hadn't heard about for years and they just happened to be in a wasteland of a bloody house. That was a lot of circumstantial evidence and Ron did train as an Auror. "He DIED in here? But how…? This place looks like…and he's SO…!" George somberly nodded his head. "You understand now, don't you?" he looked at Percy, who didn't. "You do!" "How could he do this to us?" Ron asked, looking at George with a look of betrayal. "You mean die?" Percy reiterated with a look of confusion. "Well, I believe I didn't really have a say in that." Ron was fuming. "Why didn't you say anything!" he jabbed a finger over at George's chest. "I did," George said, and then realised he hadn't yet. "Well, I was going to! Just now—if-if you would've given me the chance." Ron blinked a few times, and then shoved George aside like he was rubbish. He rummaged through the box and was panting like it was a vigorous sport. "Stupid organised git," Ron hissed as he threw clothes all over the ground. George felt his heart hammer because Ginny was already piecing things together. "We should just burn the house down. What's the point of all this rubbish? It's not like…not like he needs it anymore, does he? Unless you want to sleep in his bed, Georgie?" Percy looked like he was about to lose it when Ron suggesting burning the house down. George could not believe that Ron had managed to give a ghost a panic attack. "Ron, I…I didn't know," George realised that was the wrong choice of words. "I just—" When George moved to place a hand on Ron's shoulder, Ron just shoved George towards a pile of boxes, crushing them with their combined weights. Not that either of them was that heavy, especially not six-foot-four eleven-stone Ron. "You bastard! YOU KNEW! You knew the second that you walked in here!" Ron shrieked. "Why didn't you tell us then instead of-of—" "I'm sorry," George felt like he was being strangled, no Gryffindor scarves needed. "But why are you blaming me? I didn't buy this house knowing about it, alright! I just knew there was a ghost! Can you imagine that this is his house? You saw how it looked like! You saw!" "I felt bad for you! I had was worried you'd lost the plot!" Ron yelled. "How could you hide this, you selfish arsehole!" "Ron, let go of your brother RIGHT NOW!" Molly screamed so loudly she probably woke Fred up from his coffin. "What are you two fighting about now?" Arthur looked completely lost. "You're acting like children... again!" Ginny was cradling one of Percy's shirts like it was a newborn baby. She knew it too. How couldn't she? The git owned like three things anyway. Everything he wore took George back to a memory as vivid as a Hogwarts portrait. Oh, and plus, he also stitched his name on the insides of all his clothes. That helped too. "Percy." "Not Gin, George, not her," Percy shook his head. "NOT HER!" What did he want to do? Tell everyone but Ginny? Percy let out a laboured breath (why was it laboured? He didn't have to breathe). He then shook his head and disappeared. Ron practically tore off George's hair from how furious he was. Then he just looked stricken, like he'd just realised what this really meant. That Percy was dead and that they'd missed his death. Not by a few days, or weeks, or even months. They'd missed it by years and years and years. They'd missed it so long that it didn't even count anymore. George just let his body go limp. It was such a long day and it felt like it went on forever. Ron let go of George's shirt (and throat. Bastard) and then just stared at the ground. Bill and Charlie were taking clothes off the floor and they were speechless. "You can't be serious," Ron finally said. "You said that he died eight years back. Eight years! We would've known!" How could you? George wanted to yell back, but he had no energy. How could you when you tore his handle off the clock? All George could see was the betrayed look on Percy's face. Speaking of Percy, the house was now eerily silent, and it disturbed George more than he could put into words. "How? Were you talking to him? Were you sending him owls?" George asked loudly. "Did you even know that he was living here when he was alive? How could we have known?" "We... we..." Ron stammered, trying to think of a good answer. He lived in a house in the middle of nowhere. "He was our brother." "Mum," Bill pulled out Percy's old Christmas jumper from the pile. George felt detached when he looked at it. It was the same one that he and Fred had tugged over Percy's head when he'd been fifteen. Looking at it now, George wanted to laugh. It looked so comically large given how Percy looked like right now. How could a jumper that fit a fifth year look large on a twenty-two-year-old? "Mum, look!" His silent mum grabbed the jumper and stared at it with a look of shock. Arthur was as white as top-notch parchment paper. "Mum?" Ron looked at her with worry, placing a hand on her arm. "Mum? Would you say something?" "Percy died here, didn't he? That's what you two were fighting about, wasn't it?" Molly asked, only for George to nod his head. "And you can see him, can't you? You're...the only one that could see him." "Lucky me," George replied back with a weak smile. She looked around the house and George knew how she felt like, trying to somehow figure out how Percy got that sick to begin with. He used to hoard papers but was so persnickety about his space that he folded each paper a million times and then hid it in a box. He was able to compile his whole Hogwarts experience in a big box filled with mini colour-coded boxes. How did that turn into this? "I don't understand," Molly shook his head. "This isn't my son," she gestured towards the junk-ridden room. Arthur looked back up at George like he wanted an explanation for this. "How did this happen?" he asked loudly. "George wouldn't know!" Charlie sounded outraged. "I thought he worked at the Ministry. Dad… didn't you notice?" Arthur shook his head. "We work in different departments," he said. "We never ran into each other. Not even before." "He hadn't left the house since 1996, dad. I-I doubt that you were going to see him in the Ministry lifts. When I talked to him, he didn't understand how nobody could've known," George said softly. Everyone was listening to everything he said. It was scary but he was the only connection between them and Percy. "I…I had to tell him about the clock." "Why in Merlin's name would you tell him that?" Bill asked, to which George wanted to reply: Well, why did mum do it? George felt hollow. "That isn't my fault," he whispered. "How else could I explain it to him? How we didn't know about his death?" "How did this happen? How did he… die?" Arthur asked again, sounding more distressed than angry. "Did he tell you?" George shook his head, and then cleared his throat. "No," he looked around the room and tried to imagine Percy going so mental that he thought that this was okay. It hurt to think that he was alone. "Why didn't he tell anyone about this?" Molly asked out in horror. "How could he…?" George just bit back his tongue to keep himself from replying. He sent an owl. We set it on fire, mum. They didn't give him a second thought for eight bloody years, and now, they were ready to throw themselves at his feet now that he died? What was the point? No wonder Percy just wanted to forget about it. What use was it to know now? Charlie shook his head, looking around the house. "I can't believe that Percy did this," he said, gesturing to the room. "This isn't like him," Arthur supplemented, and George nodded his head. There wasn't a person in the world that would've envision an ending like this for him. The room was filled with so much rubbish. Even if Percy explained how it all started, how did it make any sense? He knew that Penelope had to have been here before. Did she see this happen? Did she leave him when he was sick and never told anyone about it? How did Percy die at twenty-bloody-two? George knew how Fred died and he still couldn't wrap his head around it. Merlin, the whole family had trouble accepting the fact that he was really gone because they saw Fred's copy every day. Angelina didn't understand it when he'd explained but even if Fred died, they still had something of Fred, i.e. George. Even if Fred and George weren't the same, he was still like Fred enough that it didn't feel like they'd lost Fred entirely. George was the only one that didn't have something of Fred, because George was not Fred. George was George and he knew that when nobody else did, so he just had a gigantic empty hole. He was just there to console everyone. He was just 'something of Fred's' for years. He was not George for ages, and even if he was George, he was still Fred. And that thought process was so confusing and inane that it made him feel like he should be locked up when he'd tried to explain it to his wife. "George, how is he like?" Ginny broke him out of his thoughts. "Does he look the same as the last time we saw him?" "When you threw parsnips on his face and Fred and George laughed?" Ron reminded her, because that was what he needed reminding of. George shuddered, thinking about Fred and him laughing. Merlin, he had never felt as glad as he was about Fred's death. Because if Fred knew that Percy croaked eight years back and nobody knew, he'd be devastated. He'd blame everyone else, and inside, George would now he'd blame himself the most, but he'd never say it. George just knew, not because of a telepathic twin connection—but because you had to know someone you shared a room with for twenty years. Ginny ignored Ron, because she was smart girl. "George?" she asked softly, batting her giant brown eyes. "Yeah, he looks the same," George mentioned dryly. "If you just take away about three stones," he scoffed. The images of Percy inching in closer to him still freaked him out. Up close he looked like he was the one that was haunted by something. His gigantic eyes about to pop out of his sockets, his hollowed-in freckled cheeks, his skeletal hands. It almost made him glad that his mum couldn't see him now. George shuddered, remembering the time that she had practically shoved down a piece of buttered toast down a nine-year-old Percy's throat when he refused to eat because he had food poisoning from eating a troublesome pink chicken curry. Ron scoffed. "That's not possible," he muttered. It was like Ron losing three stones. Where would you even lose it from? "Well, you don't know how he looks!" George said seriously. "He looks like…like…you know! Three stones less! Maybe four! I don't know! I don't exactly have pictures." "Maybe I can help," Angelina walked towards him, holding a box bursting with gaudy-coloured photo albums. He would bet his unlucky stars that Angelina found the picture of Percy and Penelope in this heaving, blasted thing. George grabbed a random album, and then skipped to the last page of the photo albumin and felt his stomach lurch. Merlin, he looked worse in the pictures because he was supposed to be living and breathing oxygen in them! But he didn't look like he was alive. He looked just like a ghost even then. "Here. Look at it, that's how he looks like," he tore off a picture and handed it over to Ron, his fingers still shaking. The photo he picked was horrible but he doubted that the others were any better. Someone else took the photo for him, because Percy didn't look like he knew about it. In the photo, Percy was sat on top of a stack of boxes on the stairs, which was strewn with even more things than it was now. He was reading a book. His hair, which was normally vibrant and red, was anaemic-looking and thin. His teeny-tiny light black trousers were falling off him enough to expose the beginning of those awful broomstick underpants he wore in his fifth year. Even with clothes on, you could see that he was all sharp edges and pointy ends. His yellow-and-white sweater vest didn't look right. He looked dead even then, like he was a statute instead of a real person. George put down Percy's photo album because it was heavy and bulky. These were not filled with holiday pictures. They were covered in grimes of dust, molding at the tips from contact with the semi-leaking ceiling and torn from being shoved around here and there. Percy's handwriting at the back of the photos didn't console him. He'd taken to writing the date on the back of every photo on that album, along with the exact day and time that the photograph was taken but provided no other information. What was he going to write? Reading a filthy book on top of a stack of boxes for the millionth time this year because I'm too scared to leave the house? Percy's handwriting had become as loopy and erratic as he did, with thick black ink blotches spluttering everywhere. He did really go mental in the last couple of years. What had he been thinking when his quill just backfired on him like that? Molly tore the picture out of Ron's hand, and George just saw her crumbling right before him. "What… what happened to him?" Molly's voice went down a few octaves, and her hands starting shaking. "Where is he?" "He's angry at me for telling you that he's six feet under—well, he's not six feet under yet anyway but…" George replied. "You know." But thinking about nine-year-old febrile Percy shakily eating plain toast hurt triggered a lot of other memories. Each one was more vivid and painful than the rest. George felt his head pound when he remembered the first year Percy went off to Hogwarts, he sent an owl a day later about how homesick he was. He remembered how his mum forced their dad to come back home from work to talk about it the second that she'd read the owl. She asked if they could just bring him back home. She wondered if maybe Percy wasn't fit for a lifestyle away from home for long months at a time. That maybe he could be homeschooled instead. Growing up, his mum always acted like Percy was so bloody precious. Like the world was so mean to him and he was always right because he was so bloody smart. No wonder he grew up such a smug git. To her, he was her little baby that couldn't even breathe on his own for the first two years of his life. She fed and pumped him up full of calories and arrogance. Percy was the only one that consistently always got new robes. He was the only one that had to have books bought for him. All his childhood, George remembered Fred making fun of how his mum would probably have to take Percy to the hospital if his head got any bigger, but George could remember feeling jealous because his mum wouldn't take them seriously. He thought that Percy was lucky. That no matter what happened, someone was going to be looking after him just in case he snapped in half from the world being so mean to him. George could still remember coming back home for summer and how his mum's face lit up when Percy walked into the house. She would have his favourite supper ready and sit with him all night, listening to him rant about anything and everything. This practice continued on even when Ron befriended Harry. His mum insisted that she didn't play favourites, but that was a bloody lie. Even when he left the house, she'd forgiven him almost instantly. How could she not? He was her ickle baby Percy. He felt awful for all the times he wished his mum would stop giving a toss over that miserable git. How could the same woman that sat up making Percy's complicated six-tier vanilla bean birthday cake at three in the morning just to surprise him when he woke up be the same woman that didn't know that her child had died eight years ago? What happened? "Percy?" George called out, but nobody answered him. "PERCY?" he yelled loudly, knowing he could hear him. Feeling zealous and satisfied, George then grabbed a box of random objects. "Fine! I'll just throw out all this rubbish now!" he walked towards the door—well, he tried to but all this rubbish was in the way. He was muddling through like a dizzy flobberworm trying to worm its way through peanut butter. By got to the door, he really thought Percy wasn't coming. "I'm so glad to be taking this out now! Ron is right. Maybe we should just burn this sodding place down before it causes a doxy epidemic! Maybe we should Confringo the whole bloody forest just in case whatever is in this house has already spread!" But then Percy materialised in front of him in that instance and shrieked in his ear. "TAKE THAT BACK… NOW!" George smirked a little bit, putting down the box. Molly figured out what was going on because she said, "Percy?" "Son?" Arthur followed it up with, which was a poor choice of words. "Are you there? We can't…we can't see you." "Oh, so I'm your son now?" Percy replied acerbically. His facial expression just flattened to the point where he looked liek he had no emotions whatsoever. George opened his mouth to speak but he stayed quiet. Percy cleared his throat and then crossed his arms over his chest. "I'm here. Now, what do you want to tell me that was so bad that you had to disturb me from my...my death?" George felt like he was put on the spot. "Mum," he said, "Percy is asking if there's something you wanted to say to him." Molly's eyes were glossy. "Percy, what… what happened? What happened to you?" her voice cracked. "Is this really your house? Do you really live in this…in this disgusting, putrid…" she shook her head. Percy wouldn't like those words when it came to his precious house. "George, what is he saying?" George waited a few minutes for Percy to talk, but he just kept his jaw clenched. "He's not saying anything," George said. "Percy," Arthur walked closer to George. "How did you die? What happened?" Percy kept on glancing back and forth, looking a little ashamed. "Why won't you answer that question?" George asked, sounding irritated. "Why won't…" he paused when he saw Percy shake his head repeatedly. "Is it complicated?" "No, it wasn't. It was humiliating. I starved to death," Percy finally answered, and George just looked back at Percy's kitchen, which had enough food to feed the whole Weasley just didn't understand. "You have to understand I have difficulty…throwing away things. I bought a lot of perishable items, because they were cheap. But when they rotted and molded, I couldn't throw them away. I suppose that after a year of not throwing a single item—I had run out of places to put anything that was edible. I had lost my wand in the rummage about six months into my...problem. I had let the sink get full of unwashed plates. Before our fight—or really it was a minor disagreement, Penelope used to bring me things to eat and help rearrange my kitchen enough for me to restock it. But after our falling out, she didn't bother anymore. My best mate, Roger Davies, kept me fed before it became too dangerous to with the war. People were locked in safe houses, as you're aware. Well,, more than I was at least. I had… no one else I suppose, and my house is in the middle of nowhere. I decided that I would just wait until someone came back for me. Well, I suppose that it was a long wait..." Percy scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest. George tried to imagine how that was like. To be so sick that you'd rather just starve to death than leave the house to get something to eat when you were actively dying. "Roger Davies?" he asked. "The bloke that wrote Even More Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them? That bloke is your best mate?" Percy nodded his head. "Well, your mate is worth more than Gringott's now." "It's a bloody great book," Charlie supplemented. "I quit dragon taming to try and find even more fantastic creatures. Perce, it's this book validating all these mythical creatures from The Quibbler! Everyone's been trying to hunt them!" "Hermione says that they think that someone's going to end up suing him because he's been the only one so far able to find these sodding things," Ron mumbled, only for George to nod his head in approval. How did people not spot another Gilderoy Lockhart a mile away? Roger Davies probably couldn't catch dragon pox if he tried! He'd obviously fabricated the pictures. If he hadn't, then they'd be able to find some of these creatures that he was so sure he'd discovered. "What a noble best mate of yours, isn't he, Perce? Gets stinking rich and never bothers mentioning that his best mate died eight years back." "Truth be told, I hadn't been aware it had been eight years until you told me," Percy admitted. "I…I didn't know that…" he paused. "I thought that…" "What is he saying?" Molly asked, tugging at George's sleeve. "Did-did he mention how he died...? George?" George bit down his lower lip. "Mum, he starved to death," he finally said, and it killed him to say that to his mum. Their mum used to buy him that special weight gaining wizarding baby formula to put on weight because he was such a small baby. Molly used to let him eat extra biscuits out of the tin at nine pm because she thought that he was a little thin for his age. She used to force-feed him oats and eggs in the morning even though he hated eating breakfast. How could he tell her mum that her twenty-two-year-old child starved to death in a house in the middle of nowhere? "All that stuff in the kitchen spoiled a long time ago, but he couldn't throw it out because he's a basket case. Sorry, Perce, but you know that you are. It's not normal... well, he had his mates had to get him stuff to eat but then the war happened and…everyone was in their own safe houses. And Perce was just…" he gestured to the overstuffed house. He hated seeing the look on his father's face. "Why didn't you ever say anything?" Arthur asked. "Why did you never send an…" he paused, his eyes widening. "I did. I sent an owl, begging for help... in very lucid and humiliating details," Percy said very quietly. "And you chucked in the fire." Arthur didn't need to hear Percy say those words because the realisation dawned on him that same second. All George could think about was that if he hadnt felt so bloody angry and smug and self-satisfied, then Percy could have been alive today. How sick was that? George was sure that their father prided in the fact that he kept seven children fed and happy. He prided in doing all that he could to keep them safe and sheltered. Nobody could've stopped Fred dying, but Percy's death was just so painstakingly avoidable that it just hurt. It hurt so bad and it was just so hard to try and find a way to move forward. Because there wasn't a way. Even if they gave him a funeral now, what did it matter? Did it really solve anything? Percy had been dead for eight years. But doing nothing was equally horrible. So where did that leave them? But there was something else at the back of George's mind. Penelope Clearwater and Roger Davies knew how sick he was. So why did they never receive an owl from them? Why didn't they say that Percy was slowly dying alone in his house? Did they knowingly leave him here to rot all by himself? What really happened in those two years that Percy had living here?
