Rating: E. It's not that rating in the beginning, but it's going to get there, so might as well put it now so everyone knows what they're getting into. Author's Note: … Hi there. Yes, this is a Harry Potter SI/OC fanfiction, in fact, it's a complete rework of my very first published fanfiction The Bonds That Shape Us. I honestly couldn't keep writing that version anymore, however, as I realised that I had written that series' Evelyn as though she was an insert when she wasn't… she just knew stuff was happening without much context. Anyway. This is a complete rework of that series but also vastly different, there are some things that are the same but everything else is new and different. One of those things being, if you've read the tags, this series Evelyn is 'The Gamer'. I'm not sorry, I love RPGs and 'The Gamer' types of stories. Hopefully, I can write this in a way that works and that people like, but I'm having fun writing this and I think it's working myself so… we shall see. This series also has a lot of my personal loves in it, such as name meanings and constellations and stars, those types of things. A lot of research has gone into this, but if you see something wrong please let me know. Onwards! Modus Vivendi Chapter One Vagary an unexpected and inexplicable change in a situation or in someone's behaviour (Tuesday the 7th of February, 1984. The Smallest Room, 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, England.) (There's a woman with vibrant red hair that flows over her shoulders, who smiles so bright as she smothers a dark-haired baby with kisses and proclaims them as her little princess. A woman who's bright green eyes fill with terror and determination, as tears threaten to overflow as she runs from the flash of green. She leaves kisses on their heads one last time as she places them into their shared cot and tells them that they are loved. Then a droplet of crimson lands on the floor with a swallow splash as she pricks her finger with a needle. And for a second, hundreds of drawings, on each and every surface of the shared nursery light up like a beacon as the stairs creak. It all still fades to black with a flash of green. There's a man with round, wireframe glasses and warm hazel eyes, who laughs a booming laugh as he spins a dark-haired baby through the air and proclaims that they'll be on a broom in no time at all. A man who doesn't hesitate when there was a deafening bang, the door exploding inwards. He only has one goal in mind, two little dark-haired babies safe and sound. It doesn't matter to him at all if he isn't around to see them grow, as long as they are safe. His hand tightens around the grasp of his wand but it all still fades to black with a flash of green.) She blinked her eyes open, the vestige of deep, heavy sleep insistently tugged at her mind as she struggled to shake away the cobwebs lingering from her unfamiliar yet familiar dream that reminded her of something that she just couldn't place her finger on even though it was just right there, that little bit out of reach. Then she just sort of stared. She blinked again, hoping for some sort of clarity to come bursting through her hazy thoughts. No, still there. There was a ceiling above her, painted a dark blue, but not the midnight blue she had painted her own so many months ago. In fact, everything about the room she was in was varying shades of blue. The painted walls, the carpeted floor, even the bedding on the oak wood bed. Wherever she was, it most certainly was not her own room. (Her room had been shades of walnut furniture, with a wooden floor and a midnight blue ceiling with constellations painted across it. It had taken her months to do.) Moving felt strangely sluggish and was a wholly uncoordinated experience as she struggled to lift herself up onto her elbows, trying to get her thoughts into some semblance of order, struggling to remember where she was. What had happened to her? She looked about the room, trying to place it. Her memory was fuzzy. Had she fallen asleep wearing her glasses again? It would explain why everything seemed so visible; however, she could feel neither the usual weight of them on her face nor see the blur of frames. A game. Why was that the only thing spinning about in her head? A game. She had agreed to play some sort of game. That was the only thought that was very clear in her mind. What type of game she had no idea, as she didn't know of any games that led to being in a room she didn't recognise? Maybe this was just another dream, a strangely vivid dream within a dream, but a dream none the less. Even though she couldn't remember actually falling asleep. Actually, never mind that, she couldn't even remember what she had done yesterday at all now that she thought about it. From start to finish the day was a void. She shook her head in confusion. Exactly what had she done yesterday? She frowned for a moment and focused, struggling to dredge up anything about the last twenty-four hours as she flopped back down on her back. Oh. That's right. She had died. She cursed as she jerked upwards in surprise. A patchwork blanket tangled itself about her legs and she went rolling over the side of the small, rather lumpy bed she had awoken in. Her forehead ricocheted off the floor and she tumbled onto several toys that had been scattered across the floor rather painfully. She groaned at the feel of a train in her back before pulling herself up to sit on the cluttered floor only to then freeze, eyes growing wide as an unexpected obstruction invaded her vision. The obstruction in question was a box- green, semi-transparent, with white text. Critical Hit! -15HP HP: 160 / 175 [Eureka! They say a hit to the head can make a genius; they were right. Your INT has increased by 1] [Due to afflicting pain upon yourself, a new skill has been created and added to your list] [Physical Endurance] [Lv.: 1] [EXP to next Lv.: 95] [Passive] Increases physical endurance, decreasing damage from physical attacks by 3% ] - - - [ She stared. When it refused to go away on its own, she found the [X] in the upper right-hand corner of the window and tapped. Then she froze again after noting the size of her hands. Hands that were not the size of hands belonging to an adult. A feeling of trepidation began to crawl up her spine as something dreadfully heavy settled at the bottom of her stomach. It had hurt when she had fallen off the bed, rightly too, as she was fairly certain that she had fallen onto some Legos in the mix of all the other broken garbage thrown about the room. 'Lucid dreams hurt, right?' She looked about the room, taking in the fine layer of dust that seemed to cling to just about every surface there was. The room was a mess, cluttered with broken toys and furniture. There was a bookcase lodging dusty books that looked like they had never been touched, what looked like a bent air rifle under the bed and beside the single wardrobe sat a big-bodied television with a broken screen that looked like someone had jammed their foot through it. A tall, broken mirror rammed into the far corner, wedged between the wardrobe and the end of the bed she had tumbled off then caught her attention and she shuffled closer. It looked as though something had been thrown into the top half of it, shattering the glass but not rendering it unusable, and she was immediately caught off guard by the green eyes that were just that little bit too vibrant, just that little bit too bright and framed by thick black lashes. Dark hair fell to her shoulders with the slightest of curls, but she was still focused on the eyes. She paused, taking in the baby fat that clung to her cheeks and the fact that she was three foot at a stretch before her attention focused back on the eyes as she struggled to figure out just what they reminded her of before it suddenly popped into her head. The brilliant green meteor that had been pictured lighting up a small town in the mountains of India. She really liked these eyes; they would give anyone a pause. Then with a blink, she noticed a piece of paper that was suddenly stuck to the frame of the mirror, a piece of paper which hadn't been there before she had closed her eyes. She reached out with tiny, childlike fingers and pulled. It was written on paper a rich emerald green, and the words seemed to have been printed in a font that reminded her of Harry Potter. Welcome, Gamer! You have been randomly selected as the lucky player that gets to experience a once in a lifetime experience in the World of Magic! Good Luck! Just as she had finished reading the last word, but before she had even taken in what it all meant, the paper then shattered into pixels before disappearing into the ether. She stared at her hands in utter disbelief as her mind raced to absorb what she had just found out. She was half tempted to slap herself across the face. This… world couldn't be what she thought it was, could it? Because if it was, then her new eyes were reminding her of something else entirely, something that she remembered from her dream. Or was it a memory? The sinking feeling in her stomach was back and materialised even further. 'Shit.' She stared at her new self in the mirror, at the eyes that were even brighter than the woman in the dream's had been. She couldn't think of any way to explain the fact that she'd not gotten Lily Evans' emerald eyes, but emeralds that looked as if they'd been dropped into liquefied killing curse. Her mother's eyes and not. Because that was who had been in her dream, memory, whatever, in that familiar and unfamiliar scenery the night the Potters had gone up against Voldemort for the last time. But, even as her mind raced at the fact that she was a Potter, she couldn't help but smile at the fact that she seemed to be a blend of both of this body's parents. It was a little something to remember them by when she looked in the mirror. Something to remember the parents that had given their lives for a child that wasn't their daughter, not really. [Due to the continuous observation of your surroundings, a new skill has been created and added to your list] [Observe] [Lv.: 1] [EXP to next Lv.: 90] [Active] A skill which allows the user to gather detailed information about persons, landmarks and items. The higher the level of this skill, the greater the data obtained ] - - - [ She blinked, before remembering that game mechanics were also a part of her world now. She then paused as a thought occurred to her. 'Universal commands are universal…' Running through her options, she picked the one that might just tell her the most. "Character? No. Stats? Ah-ha!" (Her voice broke halfway through the sentence. Seemed like voice exercises were needed.) ] – Status – [ Name: Evelyn Rose Potter [Lv.: 0] [Exp to next Lv.: 1000] Age: 3 Class: The Gamer Title: Orphan HP: 175 / 175 (0.02/s) MP: 111 / 111 (0.02/s) STR: 1 / VIT: 2 DEX: 2 / AGI: 1 INT: 15 / WIS: 12 CHA: 0 / LUK: 1 Stat Points: 0 Currency: £0 / ʛ0 Defining Traits [ - Potter Origins* - ] [ - ] 25% PP towards Potioneering +1 DEX and 2 CHA per Level [ - Evans Origins* - ] [ - ] Gain an additional +2 skill points for every skill book read and an additional +1 ability points for every ability bonus book read +1.5 INT and 1.5 WIS per Level [ - Gamer's Body - ] [ - ] Grants a body that allows one to live life like a game. After sleeping in a bed, HP and MP will be completely restored and most status ailments will be cured. [ - Gamer's Mind - ] [ - ] Allows one to calmly and logically think things through +15% EXP gained from all sources (except abilities) +100% EXP towards subjects of interest and everything related to them -50% EXP towards subjects of disinterest ] - - - [ 'Hm.' She rested her chin on her raised fist as she stared at the screen before her, fairly surprised by what the game had already given her. The bonuses from her father's origins while were nice, they weren't extra points like her mothers. She could already imagine all the hours she was about to spend in the local library. She- -oh right. Evelyn. Her name was Evelyn now. She needed to internalise that. Tapping a baby-sized finger against a fairly chubby cheek, Evelyn thought of all the possibilities her new ability had unexpectedly opened up for her. What would happen if she were to die in this world? She guessed it would really depend on the rules it was operating on, and the letter hadn't come with an instruction manual or guidebook. Moving on, the fact that she had both Luck and Charisma confused her. Normally games she played that had a Luck score didn't then also have a Charisma score and vice versa. To have both… well, that just opened even more possibilities. She had once done a playthrough where she pumped everything into Luck. It had made for an… interesting time to say the least. Her stats themselves, now that she looked at them from a critical point of view, seemed to be leaning towards a magic build already. That was fine with her, she was in the world of magic, but she did typically play characters that were a mixed bag of tricks types and Evelyn wasn't seeing much reason why she couldn't do the same here too, what with the Charisma score. Her go too kind of character to play had always been a combination of rogue and mage- a bard, so to speak. Able to talk their way out of any situation and encourage others with just their words? Check. Able to use a range of weapons, pickpockets and locks, and cast magic? Check. She was going to make the most of her new life, one that played by video game rules and she was really good at exploiting those for all they were worth. The random glitches that hadn't been patched in forever that let you duplicate skill books? Places where you could fall through the world and skip a hard boss? She knew them all off by heart. She almost made to rub her hands together like some evil genius but refrained. Barely. All that seemingly sorted out in her head, Evelyn was just about to close the window so she could go explore the world and find out just when she was in the timeline when with a tilt of her head she realised that both her origin traits seemed to have little stars beside them. She tapped on the Potter one first and was rewarded with a small screen on top of her [Status] window. Without looking at it, she dragged it off to the side and then opened up the Evans one so that she could see them both side by side. ] – Potter Origins – [ Grants access to the Seer ability through Peverell lineage Grants access to the Metamorphmagus ability through Black lineage ] - - - [ "What." ] – Evans Origins – [ Grants access to the Parselmouth ability through Slytherin lineage ] - - - [ "What." Author's Note: Mwhaha, maximum power! I have a thing for making OP!OC-stories and then trying to make the story work around them in a way that makes it fun and work and doesn't seem like they just one-shot their way through the story. And, as you can see, this isn't the normal magic world we're used to it. It's full of headcanons and fanon! I hope this doesn't turn you off from the story, but I get it if it does. It's not everyone's cup of tea. Also, yes, I know I haven't uploaded the new chapter of Through the Valley of Shadows yet but I'm having massive writer's block. It should be up by next month at the latest though!
Modus Vivendi Chapter Two Condemnant Quod Non Intellegunt they condemn what they do not understand (Tuesday the 7th of February, 1984. 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, England.) The seventh stair creaked slightly under purposefully light footfalls and Evelyn froze, before glancing down to glare at the carpeted salmon pink monstrosity beneath her. Thankfully, however, it seemed as though no-one else in the house had heard, masked as it was by the loud cartoons emanating from what she presumed was the living room. Hunched down into a crouch was a terrible way to go downstairs, but here she was like some peculiar squirrel as she tried to avoid detection from the unfriendly hostiles- her maternal family. It had also given her the self-explanatory [Sneak] skill, so the crouched descent down the stairs continued. Unsurprising the downstairs of the house was decorated much the same as the upstairs- in pastel shades of beige, peach and more salmon pink. Evelyn was barely able to contain the cringe that wanted to ripple out of her. She hated salmon pink nowadays. It was the colour everything had been in her room at the orphanage Before. Granted, she had been sharing a few with three other girls at the time, but she definitely remembered reading somewhere that pink had been a boy's colour once, and well, they could have it back. The only thing that seemed to be prominent from the hallway was that her captives liked taking pictures. The wall opposite the staircase was covered in frames of all varying sizes, all of which depicted the Dursleys in some sort of perfect family lighting. There was not a single picture of her or Harry, but she hadn't been expecting much different. She and her twin were the smudges on the Dursley name that they no doubt wished they could blast off the map as Walburga Black did with the Black family tree. 'What does that look like now?' she wondered since the world had been shaken up with fanon like no-one's business. Or was it just her own personal headcanons? The Evans being related to Salazar Slytherin had been one she had read years ago and applied to her own vision of the world of magic… She would have to investigate that at a later date. There was a half table nuzzled against the wall opposite the stairs where sat a telephone and a small pad of post-it notes. Every single pencil in the little pot next to them was sharpened to a fine point and in general, everywhere she looked was orderly and straight. She was mildly impressed, as it was no doubt hard to achieve with a family like the Dursleys. She continued through the hallway, only to stop before the famous cupboard under the stairs which was opened the smallest of cracks. She peered through the gap and was surprised to find that there was no small cot sandwiched inside, only numerous pairs of stacked shoes, a couple rather ugly looking umbrellas and a few extra bits and bobs. "Girl." She paused. The tone of thinly veiled disgust was not one she had much experience with, but she had dealt with enough bullies in her time that she managed a look of indifference as she turned towards her disgruntled caretaker, who was stood in the doorway leading into the kitchen. With the dull blonde hair and dishwater blue eyes, paired with the off-colour, cake-like foundation and the bright fuchsia painted lips it was no wonder that Petunia Dursley née Evans had been so jealous of her younger sister. Especially with that neck. Rowling hadn't been joking around. "I see that you've finally decided to grace us with your presence, so you can go help that brother of yours with breakfast." Evelyn tilted her head slightly at the word choice but said nothing as she watched the hag turn on sharp heels and disappear into the living room which was through another doorway off to the side. She was guessing that the other door between it and the kitchen was a downstairs toilet. And with just the woman's appearance, she was able to determine that she was in the book-verse, and not the movies, which meant that considering she was three then it was either eighty-three or eighty-four, depending on how many months into three she was. Before she hadn't even been born until the very end of the nineties and had grown up in early two thousand. It was a vastly different experience considering Evelyn had absolutely no clue on how to fully operate the telephone before her, all she knew was to spin the wheel to the number until it… clicked? No doubt she would say something about something or someone that hadn't yet happened too, so she also had that experience to look forward to. Although if that did happen, she did have the excuse of saying that she had seen it in a vision - one of the peers of being a Seer she guessed. ] - Quest Alert - [ (Lv.: 1) Breakfast at the Dursleys It's time for feeding at the Zoo and as per usual, little Dudderkins and Papa Walrus need more food than an actual zoo. Time to shake a tail feather and help your little brother with the cooking before he gets bacon grease over him. Objectives: 0/10 Pieces of Bacon 0/7 Pancakes 0/5 Eggs 0/7 Pieces of Toast 0/2 Coffees 0/1 Orange Juice 0/5 Hash Browns 0/8 Sausages Rewards: 100 EXP 1 Piece of Toast 1 Sausage 1 Piece of Bacon £1.00 Failure: No food ] - - - [ At the sight of the list of food that she and Harry were required to cook, Evelyn's jaw almost dropped. Then the last sentence of the quest description finally registered in her mind and she shot into the kitchen as though a dementor itself was behind her. The sight that greeted her made both her stomach drop and her heart jump up into her throat. Wobbling on a tiny, broken stool with even more unstable toddler limbs, her little brother's squinted green eyes were just barely able to see over the hood of the cooker as he steered around the pieces of bacon sizzling in the pan. He wobbled again, and almost bought the pan with him, and Evelyn was removing him from the situation before he had even registered she had entered the room. She pried his hands from the panhandle and wrapped her arms under his armpits, carefully moving backwards until his feet touched the floor. While the scene of Matilda cooking her own pancakes had been adorable to watch, seeing a similar scene happening before her very eyes with her own gender-bent version of the little magical girl had almost aged her ten years. Having a sibling to look after was going to be detrimental to her health, she could see the grey hairs already. After a beaming smile so familiar to the one she had seen their father give in her dreams directed her way, Evelyn then suddenly found herself with an armful of weepy, happy, confused toddler and she blinked in surprise at the sudden change in situation, because why on earth was Harry now crying at the sight of her when he had been so happy two seconds before? Through a messy combination of toddler speech and tears, she could just about piece together the story of what had happened before she had woken up. Apparently, the hag had gotten annoyed with something Harry had done during breakfast and had hit him over the head with a frying pan, and after seeing that, Evelyn had unleashed a blast of uncontrollable magic. Fast forward and Evelyn had landed herself in a deep sleep because of the strain the blast had put on her little body and off to sleep she went until the new Evelyn had woken up. Apparently, that event had also led the Dursleys to move the twins from the cupboard under the stairs and up into Dudley's spare bedroom. She struggled to hold the anger burning in her chest in check at the thought of tiny, underfeed Harry unconscious on the ground after being hit with a frying pan and she knew then and there that she had already somehow gotten far too attached to the little brother she had never had before and knew she would do anything to protect him from harm. Considering all the dangers she knew would befall him in the future she most certainly had her work cut out for her. Luckily for her, she had the power of video game logic on her side. Unfortunately, it didn't seem as though she also had the power of anime on her side too, but considering all the bonus powers being [The Gamer] gave her… she was fine without. After a moment of soothing Harry's tears, Evelyn laid a kiss on his forehead – which led him to beam up at her in a way that made her heart flutter – and sent him off to prepare the toast and juice while she handled everything else they were required to cook as there was no way that she was making him cook anything that could spit grease into his eyes at any time. She took her time to move through the kitchen to familiarize herself with the area, before then gathering up all the ingredients that Harry himself hadn't gotten to yet. After having turned down the flame for the hob the bacon was cooking on, of course, as her little brother had been attempting to cook ashy bacon and while she would have loved nothing more than to serve the Dursleys burnt bacon, she knew that such an action would lead to suffering in one way or another for Harry. It took maybe half of an hour for her to get everything all done and dished, during which she had apparently levelled the [Cooking] skill to two without beforehand knowledge that she had even unlocked the skill. Still, she preferred the opinion she had picked of having new notifications being sent to a blinking scroll located in her peripheral vision that needed opening then having a random box popping up, interrupting whatever it was that she was doing at the time. She then paused as she was about to place the mugs of coffee on the table, a thought jumping to the forefront of her mind. Looking over her shoulder, she watched as her brother set about moving all the dirty pans into the sink. In the moment that he was semi turned towards her, Evelyn caught sight of the scar she had somehow not noticed. It wasn't the weird scratched N right above his eyebrow, but a scar that looked almost like actual lightning itself crackling across the skin. 'Well, that's… different.' If anything, it looked like some of the fan art she had seen Before of what people imagined the scar looked like before the movies had come out. To Evelyn, however, it looked exactly like her brother's head had been split open and then healed jagged and wrong. It reminded her of just was hidden within the scar and her lips thinned. Then the sound of the stairs creaking under a heavy load reached her ears and she took a step back from the table. Just in time to see both the hag and her spawn walk in. Much like his mother, Dudley looked very much like his book counterpart with his wide girth and dull blonde hair. It was an impressive size for a toddler only a few weeks older than the twins themselves. Overindulgence towards a child's behaviour was counted as child abuse as well, right? At least, that was what Doctor Phil had taught her. She gave a mental shrug as she moved to help Harry plate up his breakfast, which consisted of a single unbuttered slice of toast, one sausage and a tiny piece of bacon. And a small glass of juice. It looked like a shot glass more than anything and Evelyn's left eye twitched. She was definitely going to be hoarding food and drink in her Inventory for him. As Dudley made his approach to the table, the man of the house arrived. Where his wife had twice as much neck as the average person, Vernon had hardly any. The sight of him reminded her of Mister Potato Head, especially with the moustache, but then that was insulting to the toy potato. Did he crush Petunia when they-? Nope. She wasn't going there, felt sick just thinking about it. Curse her morbid curiosity. It was only after the Dursleys had finished their breakfast and disappeared out the front door that Harry and Evelyn were allowed to have their own breakfast. After they cleaned everything up, however, as the table looked like a pig feeding trough. The only clean part of it had been where Petunia had sat. Evelyn fought the urge to just throw the entire damn table through the glass doors that led out into the conservatory. She didn't know how the hag had survived before the twins had been dropped off at the doorsteps. Probably saw it as her being a great housewife as she cleaned up after her husband and son. At least she cleaned the rest of the house herself, seeing as how she didn't trust the twins to live up to her level of cleaning expectations. That suited Evelyn just fine. All this cooking was already far too much for her brother to do, and they still had more chores after that. ] - Quest Complete - [ (Lv.: 1) Breakfast at the Dursleys Rewards: 100 EXP 1 Piece of Toast 1 Sausage 1 Piece of Bacon £1.00 ] - - - [ She didn't think it was in the Dursleys nature to reward either her or Harry for the work they did, so she presumed the money was simply a part of the changes the world had been forced through when it had been made into a game for her. Usually, all quests had a money reward and while a pound to her Before would have been nothing at all, she knew that times were different in the eighties. She was pretty sure she remembered someone complaining outside of a shop once that a pound would get her crisps, pop and sweets. Before, and in the future, it would get her maybe one if she was careful of where she shopped. The first thing she was buying once she saved up enough, however, were a pair of glasses for Harry, so he'd finally stop squinting at things, even if it did make him look even more adorable. Maybe some rectangular ones would look nice on him, the ones with the bigger frames like what she had worn Before. She wasn't going to be missing those, that was sure. Poor little brother with mother's eyes, but father's eyesight. With a sigh that didn't suit coming from a three and a bit's mouth, Evelyn grabbed Harry's hand and set off to finish the chores the hag had left to them before leaving them behind in the house on their own. She was of the mindset now that one finishes all the work beforehand, then they didn't have to worry over it later on. Especially since half the time Before she would forget the time and look up to find it was three in the morning, she had a class at eight, and she hadn't finished the seven-page assignment. No wonder her Pottermore patronus had been an owl, she barely ever slept during the night. … Did she need to sleep now? Author's Note: Honestly, I had a hard time picking what the Dursleys house looked like. I was using the Wikia description for the most part, but it's pretty vague at parts and the films are no help. One moment the living room is off from the kitchen, another it has its own arch in the hallway. Ugh. If the twins were the same gender, they would be identical. As it is the only difference between them aside from that is Harry's scar and Evelyn's brighter eyes. Also, has anyone else noticed how hard is it to find a twin fic where one isn't the fake boy who lived and the other is left at the Dursleys? Finally, speaking of family trees, you all see the monster I've made for this story over on family echo. I've done over five hundred members so far and that's not even halfway done.
