A/N: This story has been sitting in my laptop for months now and I've only just got the courage to post it. Thank you to Untold Harmony, Tyrannicpuppy and Elwin for being my betas. You guys rock! Enjoy! "Alright! That's enough practice, everyone!" Coach Armond Lewis called out to the team who were still hovering mid-air. "Head on to the locker rooms and get your arses out of here!" He said. He got a chorus of replies then turned to head into his office. One by one the players of the Puddlemere United descended onto the grounds of the quidditch pitch. "That practice was torture!" Rebecca Dawson, one of the starting chasers, complained as she walked towards the locker rooms. "You can say that again. Lewis was like a demon out of hell today," Matthew George, one of the beaters said with a groan while he dragged both his broom and his beater bat behind him. "It wasn't that bad," Harry Potter, the team's seeker and captain, chimed in. His childhood best friend and Puddlemere's starting keeper, Ronald Weasley, snorted beside him. "Of course it wasn't that bad for you, he wasn't shouting at you the whole time," the keeper said. "I think he's just really frustrated about the last championships," Prudence Merrell, another chaser, said. "Well, who wasn't, really?" Ron replied, "We all were—still are! Harry may have caught the snitch but the points just weren't enough. We just gotta do better this coming season." "And that's why Lewis has been drilling us like there's no tomorrow," Harry said as they entered the locker rooms. "Well, I'm beat! Thank Merlin we don't have practice tomorrow or I might just fall asleep on my broom in the middle of it!" Frederick Bloomberg, the other beater, shouted as he entered the shower area. The other players simply laughed or agreed. After half an hour, most of the players have left the locker room. Only Ron and Harry were the last to remain inside. "You sure you don't wanna come with me to The Burrow?" Ron asked again. "I'm sure, Ron," Harry sighed, "I love your family, you know that. But it can get overwhelming there sometimes." Especially when Mrs. Weasley has been dropping hints about settling down for quite some time now, he silently added. Ron, having known Harry for more than a decade and a half, understood what he didn't say. He simply nodded because he was also dealing with the same thing from his mother. He stood up and clapped Harry on the shoulder before leaving the locker room. It wasn't that Harry was averse to the idea of settling down. He actually thought it would be nice, he was turning 26 after all, and he knew he should start thinking about it already. But the problem with his fame was that many women only wanted to date THE Harry Potter: The-Boy-Who-Lived, then The-Man-Who-Conquered after his defeat of Voldemort several years back, now Seeker for Puddlemere United and one of the best in the league's history. He hadn't met any woman who wanted to date the man behind the name: just plain, awkward, normal Harry. He didn't know how long he sat there but he was brought out of his musings when he heard a voice from outside the room. Curious as to who was there, he opened the door and checked the corridor. There, standing by the opening that led to the grounds, was a woman. "Oh dear, I should have paid more attention to where I was going," he heard the woman state as she turned from right to left. Harry leant on the door frame, silently watching the woman from behind. He noticed she had curly, brunette hair which was tied in a high ponytail on her head. She was wearing a pale gray coat which ended mid-thigh and he assumed she was wearing a skirt or a dress as her shapely legs were exposed below her coat. And on her feet were black stiletto shoes that always had him wondering how women could manage to walk in them, but they did make their legs look amazing. Harry chuckled to himself and took pity on the lost woman. He cleared his throat and called out to her, "Hey there. Got lost or something?" The distraught woman finally turned around and he was thankful he was leaning on something or he would have staggered back as he finally got a good look on her face. Her smile of relief only gave her face a more angelic visage. She had the most beautiful cinnamon-colored eyes he had ever seen, framed by the long dark lashes, a cute little button nose in the middle of her face and her lips. Damn! They were pinkish-red and definitely kissable. He wondered briefly if they were as soft as they looked. Her face had barely any make-up on it and he liked that a lot. "Oh thank goodness, another human being!" She exclaimed as she ran towards him. How she could run in those things, he would never know. "I've been going back and forth here for the past 15 minutes!" She continued breathlessly. Her voice did funny things to Harry's stomach. He cleared his throat again."Well, where are you headed?" He asked. "Uhm," she looked down at the papers in her hand, "I was supposed to go to the Puddlemere United head office and meet with Mr. Gregson." "Ah, the team owner. You must've taken the lifts down, instead of up," Harry said, pointing upwards with his index finger while wondering what her business was with the owner of Puddlemere United. "Oh, I knew it!" She uttered, her cheeks got a hint of blush, probably from embarrassment. He laughed as he stood straight and started leading her towards the direction of the lifts. "You just need to go back to the lifts and press UD—that's for the upper deck—where the offices are. They're on top of the audience stands." "Thank you so much! I've never been here before and I thought I was going to be lost forever!" She said as she got into one of the lifts. "Thanks again!" She exclaimed as the doors closed, the lift taking her to the higher floors. That's when Harry realized that he didn't even get her name. Idiot, he berated himself. Well, he thought, if she had business with Mr. Gregson then he was bound to bump into her again sometime.. I just hope it's sooner rather than later, he told himself, as he took his duffel bag from the locker room and headed to the nearest apparition point so he could apparate home. "All seems to be going well. We're looking forward to the party, Ms. Granger," Orpheus Gregson said, holding out his hand towards her. "We are very excited, as well, sir," Hermione Granger replied, as she tried her best to keep her expression as professional as possible. "Thank you so much for hiring our company to plan this event." Mr. Gregson gave her a smile and a nod. "Well, your company was referred to me with the highest recommendations and I'm glad to see that everything I was told is true. I will see you and Ms. Ackleman at the party, then." He stood up and left the conference room, along with his secretary, who also gave her a smile. Hermione let out a breath before breaking into a huge smile. Margarethe was going to be so happy that Mr. Gregson was satisfied with their plans for the Puddlemere United Annual Quidditch Season Opening Party. She was overjoyed that Margarethe got her on board for this event. Between managing her bookshop, The Bookend, co-owning and working part-time at Margarethe's event organizing company, The Magic Touch, and with the chaos at home, she definitely got her hands full at the moment. But, she was loving every minute of it. Hermione collected all the documents and photos she showed Mr. Gregson and proceeded to leave the office. While she waited by the lift, she finally had a moment to think about her 'saviour'. She almost smacked herself on the head when she belatedly realized that it was the ever-famous Harry Potter. Of course, he didn't have to introduce himself to her because she would recognize those deep green eyes and that tousled, just-got-out-of-bed raven hair anywhere. Now that she wasn't lost and distressed about almost missing her appointment, she thought about how good-looking he was as he stood there, leaning against the door and smiling at her. And she didn't even get to introduce herself! Another reason to smack herself on the head. There she was, probably having a once-in-a-lifetime moment with the most famous wizard of their time and she never got to give him her name, not that he asked her for it, either. As the lift doors opened, she stepped inside and sighed. Oh well, she thought to herself, I doubt he'll remember me if we ever saw each other again. Hermione decided that she would keep that encounter as one of those good memories she can look back to on a good day as she walked out of the Quidditch pitch so she could apparate to The Magic Touch. "Thanks again for helping out, Hermione," Margarethe Ackleman told Hermione for what seemed like the hundredth time since she agreed to work part-time for The Magic Touch. "And as I've told you—like the hundred other times I've done this—Margarethe, it's nothing. I'm your partner in this business, just like you are a partner in mine, so no need to thank me," she replied with a teasing smile. "But I know you've got your elbows deep in The Bookend and at home. Another job seemed like too much, especially since your bookshop is doing quite well now," Margarethe said. What her friend said brought another smile to her face. The Bookend had indeed been doing well for a while now and become a source of pride and happiness for her. "And that's why I could do this job and have The Bookend at the same time," Hermione responded as she arranged some papers on one of the filing cabinets in Margarethe's office, "I have Alice and Stephen manning the bookshop. Besides, they're just next door so I can check up on things there and do my work here anytime I want." "I just don't want you burning out, Hermione," she said as she threw an arm around Hermione's shoulders, concern evident on her face. Hermione looked up at her beautiful friend. Margarethe—with her blue eyes, short blonde hair that reached just a little under her chin, tall nose and full lips, her slender and statuesque figure that belonged more on a runway than in an office—many had wondered how she ended up being best friends with the biggest nerd in town. Many do not realize that behind that beautiful face was a sharp and brilliant mind. She had known Margarethe since their first days in Beauxbatons. She had been there for Hermione through the darkest days of her life and she couldn't have asked for a better friend. So when Margarethe decided to move to London a little over two years ago, she decided to move with her. They had helped each other with setting up and starting their businesses at the same time. While Hermione worked at her bookshop full-time, more often than not, she usually helped out at Margarethe's business whenever she had big events coming up, although she also had her own staff. Margarethe would also help out at The Bookend, especially during summer, when the school year was about to start. "Don't worry about me, Margarethe. I'm perfectly fine and I can handle everything," she told her friend, trying her best to assuage her concerns. "Well, of course. You're Ms. Super Witch! Brightest Witch Of Our Age!" she teased. Hermione laughed. "Yes, well, you know that at a certain point in my life, I wasn't all that bright." Margarethe was glad that her friend can finally laugh at what happened in her past, so she laughed too. "Even at your most 'unbright' moment, you were still brighter than most of the students at Beauxbatons combined!" "You can say that again!" Both women laughed again as they continued to do their work for the biggest event they had ever organized to date. They had booked the largest ballroom of the Hôtel de Magnifique, the classiest and most expensive hotel in Magical London. The interiors were made in French Baroque style with golden metal works decorating the cream-coloured walls and ceilings in intricate designs. The floors were tiled marble in white and grey while the ceiling was painted with various imageries. A large chandelier hung at the middle of the ceiling and several smaller chandeliers also hung intermittently around the ballroom. The party had been in full swing for the past hour or so and everything was still in order. Food had been prepared and served perfectly, the drinks were flowing endlessly (which would surely result in a lot of drunken witches and wizards, to which Margarethe and Hermione had already foreseen and they made sure that a means of safe transport for each person to their chosen destination would be available), the music was top-notch, and it seemed like everyone was having a good time. Mr. Gregson had the party organized annually to celebrate the Puddlemere United Quidditch team and to welcome the upcoming Quidditch season, which started in a month's time, and also raise donations for the charities that he and team supported. After circling the ballroom to make sure everything was still in order, Hermione made a pit stop at the bar and spoke to the bartenders. She passed along compliments from some of the attendees about the delicious cocktails being served. She joked that they should keep on making the guests drink so they would be less inhibited and end up giving more money to the charities. As the bartenders moved about to serve other clients, Hermione took a moment to sit at one of the stools by the bar so she could catch a bit of a break. She could feel her shoes slowly but surely killing her feet, but such is the price to pay for an event of this kind. As much as she wanted to be in her comfy pyjamas, loose shirt, and woolly socks, she had to dress up for this extravagant event. She was just observing the mingling crowd when she heard a familiar voice behind her. "I hope you're not lost again." Hermione turned her seat around and came face to face with none other than Harry Potter. She couldn't help her eyes as they swept along his body. He was wearing a muggle tuxedo underneath his wizarding robes. Hmm, interesting choice, she thought, since almost everyone in the ballroom was wearing wizard dress robes. And the blackness of his tux and robes served only to highlight those captivating green eyes, which seemed to be sweeping along her body, as well. She was surprised at the heat that blossomed in her, beginning from her core, with just that look in his eyes. Oh sure, Harry Potter was quite a good-looking man (he could possibly be the most gorgeous man in the whole room) and to be the recipient of his attentions took her breath away. But it also confused her, because there were other, more beautiful women at the event and she was so sure he'd have forgotten about her by now. It had been weeks since their rather brief encounter at the Puddlemere United Quidditch Stadium and she wondered if he sought her out after he saw her sitting by the bar. For the second time in a few short weeks, Harry was taken aback by those golden-brown eyes when they rested upon him. It never occurred to him that he would see her tonight, but when he was looking around aimlessly at the crowd and saw her sitting by the bar, he knew that, somehow, fate had brought them both here for some reason or another. She was wearing a simple black cocktail dress with thin straps on her shoulders that wrapped around her ample curves. The skirt of the dress rode a bit high on her thigh as she had her shapely legs crossed. On her feet were the same black stilettos she wore when they 'met' weeks ago. Her brown hair was styled on top of her head, with some curls cascading down, lightly touching her face and neck. He realized that she was surprised that he was speaking to her, which made him wonder why. She composed herself rather swiftly and gave him a self-conscious smile before answering. "Uhm, no," she said, chuckling, "I'm not lost again." "Too bad. I would have been glad to help you with directions again," he teased. She laughed out loud, and he liked the sound of her laughter. "Don't worry, I know my way around this place. Probably better than you do," she teased back. He simply smiled at her and held out his hand, "I'm Harry Potter, by the way." She took his hand and shook it firmly, although he did notice how soft and delicate her hand was. "Nice to meet you, Mr. Potter. I'm Hermione Granger," she responded with a smile of her own. He reluctantly released her hand but he moved to stand beside her at the bar. Harry signalled at the bartender and ordered one Butterbeer. He turned towards her with a smile and said, "Just call me Harry, please. Would you like anything?" Hermione shook her head, "No, thank you. I'm perfectly content with my gilly water at the moment," showing him the drink in her hand on the bar. When Harry finally had his drink, he took a swig of it before he spoke again. "So, are you here with anyone?" He tried his best to keep the question nonchalant but his heart was beating quite fast as he waited for her answer. He wanted to know if she was here as anyone's date. She turned to him with a smile but she shook her head. "No, I'm actually working tonight." Harry grew a bit wary with her answer. He narrowed his eyes at her. "Working? Are you with the press?" Hermione's eyes went wide, "Oh Merlin's beard, no! Goodness, those reporters are vultures." She almost spat the word as if it was venom. "Not a fan of them, I see," he teased but he also felt relieved that she wasn't a reporter. He could tell by her tone that she had great disdain for them. "Not particularly," she replied with a roll of her eyes, "These days, they would rather write about sensationalism than the truth. Just because sensationalism sells more copies." Harry nodded."That, I have to agree with. Been on the receiving end of those sensationalized stories one too many times in my lifetime." Hermione's eyes became soft and tender as she spoke. "It must be hard, being scrutinized by the media all the time." He stared at her warm, golden-honey eyes and felt himself getting lost in them. It took him a while to realize that she had said something and tried to bring his mind back to their conversation. "They're not usually that bad. I just hate it when they try to pry into my personal life," he said, and paused to drink his Butterbeer. "You can talk about the past war or my Quidditch statistics all you want, but stay the hell out of my personal life." Hermione nodded. "I know what you mean. It's none of their business, what you do outside of the pitch. That's yours and yours alone." He smiled at her, his heart swelling at her understanding. He was about to ask her if she wanted to go outside when a blonde-haired woman approached them who didn't seem to notice him. "Ugh! I am so ready to kick off my shoes! My feet are killing me!" She exclaimed as she reached the bar and asked the bartender for a drink. Hermione laughed at her friend. Harry smiled at the melodious sound. He could see that her laughter was open and carefree, and he liked it very much. "That's why I'm sitting here," she gave him a playful look before turning back to her friend. "I think my feet have died some time ago." "And we still have a few hours left of this gig," her friend replied before turning towards them and that's when she noticed Harry standing there. Her eyes went so wide, Harry hilariously thought they were going to bug out of their sockets. Then she began to blush as she realized he must have heard their whole exchange, to which Hermione didn't seem bothered by at all. "Uhm, Hermione," her friend whispered, her eyes still on Harry. "Was Harry Potter standing there beside you the whole time?" Hermione tried to keep herself from laughing and gave him another impish look before turning back towards her friend. "I believe he was," she relied slyly. The look she gave him caused heat to go through his body, and he tried his best not to shiver visibly. He decided to introduce himself to Hermione's friend. "Hi, I'm Harry," he held out his right hand." So you work with Hermione?" He asked. This snapped the woman out of her stupor and shook his hand firmly. "Yes, I do. I'm Margarethe Ackleman. How did you two know each other, then?" Margarethe was looking at them both, one eyebrow raised. Harry and Hermione looked at each other and smiled. Hermione nodded towards him, gesturing to him that he tell the story. "Hermione got herself lost at the Puddlemere Quidditch Pitch. Instead of going up to the offices, she ended up downstairs by the locker rooms. Unfortunately, or fortunately, I was there, so I helped her out," he answered. "Really. Well, Hermione seemed to have forgotten to mention that to me." Margarethe turned towards Hermione and gave her a look he couldn't interpret but the other woman seemed to have understood what it meant because there was a growing telltale redness on her cheeks. "I must have forgotten to tell you about it because we were so busy organizing this party," Hermione explained. She then turned to Harry. "Actually, Margarethe here owns the company who organized this event." "Really? Well, I must say, you've done an awesome job on this party. Definitely better than last year," he said with a smile. "Oh, I'm glad you think so! Thank you for that! What my friend failed to mention is that she owns half of the company," she laughed. "Well, I must get back to work. Someone might be in need of a refill of their drinks," Margarethe said. "I'll come with you," Hermione replied as she stood from the barstool. "Actually," Harry rushed in, "I was wondering if you wanted to go outside and walk around the grounds with me for a bit." "Oh," Hermione blushed. "That's sweet of you to ask but we have work—" Margarethe's eyebrows shot up as she turned to her and grabbed her shoulders as she pushed her towards Harry's direction. "Everything's fine! I can handle it for now," she said, a clear warning in her eyes. "Go ahead and spend some time with Harry." "But—" "Besides, the party isn't going to fall apart while you're gone. It's going to be fine, I promise," Margarethe continued. She had already placed Hermione's hand in Harry's, then started to walk away from them. "But—" "I'll see you later!" she waved over her shoulder then promptly vanished among the crowds. Hermione belatedly realized that Harry was still holding her hand. She looked down at their joined hands then looked up at him shyly. He gave her a devastatingly handsome smile. She felt herself blushing even more. He then took her hand with his other hand and placed it at the crook of his arm, as he led her towards one of the french doors that led to the grounds. "I kind of feel bad for skiving off work," Hermione said after they walked around the surrounding gardens of the hotel in silence for a few minutes. "You're not skiving off. You're doing your job in keeping your guests happy and entertained," Harry replied, looking down at her with a mischievous smile. "I don't think that meant just one guest," she replied, laughing. "I'm sure it's fine. You do have your boss' permission and it's not like you're abandoning them for the rest of the night. It's just for a few minutes and I promise to bring you back," he assured her with a wink. "Oh alright," she conceded. She took a deep breath then looked up towards the darkened sky. "It is a nice night, though. The skies are clear so you can see a lot of stars." Harry imitated her and looked up as well. It was a nice night; it wasn't too chilly nor was it too hot. The temperature was just right for a night stroll with a beautiful woman. "It is," he said. "So, tell me about you." Hermione chuckled. "There's nothing much to tell, really." "Oh, I don't think so. I can tell there's a compelling story in those caramel eyes of yours," he said. She blushed at his description of her eyes and she looked at him shyly. "Oh, not really. Unless you want to ruin your night." "Very well, not tonight then. But you're going to have to tell me your life story one of these days." She laughed. "I'm telling you, my life is not that interesting." "I seriously doubt that. Okay, so I'll just ask you a bunch of questions. Bit like 20 questions," Harry couldn't explain it but he felt the need to know more about her. He was enjoying his time with Hermione, even when they were just walking in silence. He didn't feel like he needed to fill the silence with small talk and he knew she felt the same. It was a new and refreshing feeling. "Are you sure you're a quidditch player and not a reporter?" She teased him, a playful smile on her dark red lips. He laughed. "Maybe I'm working as a part-time reporter, getting the scoop on the behind-the-scenes of parties like this." Hermione also laughed. "Oh you'd be terribly bored with the details in organizing events like this." "I honestly find it quite interesting. Bringing different components together then get everything working in perfect symphony required real work. I'm sure it's a hell of an accomplishment to pull off an event as big as this and make it a success. I know it's not as easy as it looks," he said thoughtfully. Hermione was astonished by his thoughtfulness. Yes, event organizing wasn't easy and working on one required tedious attention and long hours but seeing it all come together, like the party that night, was well worth it. She gave him a grateful smile. "You nailed that on the head. It's not easy, let me tell you. But seeing people enjoy the work we've done makes everything worth our while. Of course, we're getting paid for it so it's not that bad." Harry laughed at her last statement then asked. "So how did you end up working with Margarethe and her company?" "Margarethe and I have been best friends since we were children when we started at Beauxbatons. Imagine my surprise when this beautiful eleven-year-old walked up to me and just out of the blue told me, 'Starting today, we are going to be best friends,'" she reminisced fondly, "After finishing school, she went on to work for one of the well-known robemakers in Paris while I worked a desk job at the French Ministry. Through her work, she was able to attend events and got to talk to suppliers and event organizers. That's when she realized she wanted to do that more than designing and sewing robes. About two years ago, she said she wanted to move here and start her business. I didn't even hesitate. I packed everything I owned and moved here with her. And now we're here." "See? That wasn't boring at all! It was quite brave of you and Margarethe to just pack up and leave your established lives in France to start over in a foreign land," Harry said, his awe clear in his voice as he looked at her. Hermione shrugged. "Oh it wasn't easy, but we had each other so it wasn't all bad." "So," he cleared his voice, "no Mr. Granger to help with the move?" She gave him a casual look but he could see a blush on her lovely cheeks. "Oh dear, no," she shook her head. "There's no Mr. Granger ever. Just me, Margarethe and—" she abruptly stopped. He caught her hesitance, "And?" Hermione gave him a tight smile and shook her head. He wondered, who could she had been talking about if she wasn't married? He decided he wouldn't push her tonight, but he would definitely find out later. "Aren't you going to ask me anything about myself?" He asked her teasingly. She laughed. "Oh, I've read a lot about you." "I thought you didn't trust the sensationalism the journalists wrote about me?" He replied, feigning disappointment. "I said I read a lot about you, doesn't mean I believed all of it," she retorted. "But you believed some?" He inquired. "Not really. Speak as you find, I always believe. I'm not much for gossip and rumours. I'm a creature of fact and research, so I basically ignore anything that's just hearsay or without proof," she answered. "Speak as you find," he repeated, rolling the phrase in his mind. "I like that a lot." She beamed at him and her smile caused his stomach to do somersaults. He had never felt this way about any woman he'd just met or even dated before. He decided to put that aside from his mind for the moment. Conversation flowed freely between the two as they continued their walk. He then noticed that they had circled the gardens and were nearing the doors they exited earlier. It felt that their time together had been too short. They stopped walking when a messenger spell approached them as he was about to speak. "Hermione dear, can you check the west food station? There's a guest there who's being unreasonable about the food not being vegan," Margarethe's voice rang out of the floating spell before it dissipated. They could hear the disdain in her voice which made Harry snicker. Hermione turned to him, her eyes apologetic and shy. "Duty calls, I'm afraid. I guess I have to go in now. Thank you for inviting me to walk around the gardens." Harry caught her wrist as she began walking towards the door, making her turn back to him with a questioning look. "I would like to see you again," he said, his voice calm and steady, never betraying the nerves he was feeling at the act of asking her on a date. "Would you like to have dinner with me this week?" Her face adopted a surprised look before it turned sad. She took a deep breath and spoke, "I had a lovely time with you tonight, Harry. But I'm going to have to decline." It was Harry's turn to be surprised. "But why? You just said you enjoyed our time together." "I did, but the only thing I can say right now is that the timing is off. You're starting your quidditch season soon and I'm elbows deep in my work and home life," she replied, not meeting his eyes. Hermione shook her head and looked up at him."I really must go. I hope you enjoy the rest of the party." She gave him a smile then hurriedly turned towards the doors. "But—" She was gone by the time he realized he'd stood rooted to the same spot for a couple of minutes. It wasn't his ego speaking but that was the first time someone said no to him when he asked them out. After the surprise had worn off, a huge smile began to grow on his face. If Hermione Granger thought that her rejection had put him off, well, she had another thing going. It only made him want her more. And Harry Potter was nothing but determined.
Hermione arrived at The Bookend early the next morning after the Puddlemere United party. Her store didn't open for another two hours so she had some time to herself even before her staff came in for the day. She sat down in her office to go through the mail she had missed yesterday since she didn't drop by the shop the whole day. She then reviewed the inventory report she had asked Alice to complete so they can place orders for low-stock titles and newly published books that had been recently released. It took her an hour to finish reviewing everything and she had begun writing down order forms when there was a knock on her office door. She looked up and saw Alice standing by the door frame, a cup of coffee-to-go in her left hand. "Good morning, Alice! Come in!" She gestured for the younger woman to enter her office. Alice gave her a smile, walked into the room, and took one of the seats in front of Hermione's desk. "Good morning, Hermione! I'm surprised you're in quite early today, considering there was an event last night," Alice said, a gentle smile on her face. "It would have been fine with Stephen and I if you took the day off. I'm sure the party ended quite late." "Oh I know you and Stephen can run this place perfectly without me," she replied with a laugh. "Ethan had an early football practice this morning so instead of lounging about at home, I just went straight here after I dropped him off. Besides, I've been gone a lot these past weeks because of the event. I kinda feel bad about it." "You could still get a few hours of sleep in here," Alice offered. "Besides, we know how busy it could get whenever The Magic Touch gets these big events. It's perfectly fine. Between there and here, you work too hard as it is." Hermione looked at the younger woman in front of her, appreciating her concern. Alice Hooper was fresh out of Hogwarts when she applied for work at her bookshop a year ago. Stephen was already working for her for a couple of months by then and when she met Alice, she knew she had found a kindred spirit in her. With her dark brown hair cut in a pixie style, ocean blue eyes and her lithe physique due to her quidditch career in Hogwarts, people tended to assume she didn't belong in a bookshop. But then she would surprise them with a display of her intelligence that had put her in the famed Ravenclaw house at Hogwarts. Hermione knew that's the house that prized intelligence above all, having read Hogwarts, A History a couple of times before. She would have gone to Hogwarts as well, had her parents not decided to move to France when she was around nine years old. Not for the first time, she had wondered which Hogwarts house she would have ended up in. Hermione shook her head. "No, I'm fine. Besides, I'll be picking up Ethan after his practice so I'll be leaving earlier, anyway." "Alright," Alice conceded. "So tell me, how was the party last night? Met any gorgeous quidditch player?" She wagged her eyebrows at Hermione, a teasing smirk on her face. It was fortunate that Hermione wasn't in the process of drinking her morning tea or she would have spewed the liquid all over her desk and at Alice. She could feel the intense blush crawling from her neck to her cheeks. She began fixing the documents on her desk so she wouldn't have to face her employee but Alice already noticed the redness on her cheeks. Alice laughed at her boss. " Oh you did! You're red as a tomato right now! Tell me, who was it? Was it Robinson Puck? Or was it Harry Potter?" Hermione still could not look at the younger woman. "Uhm. Last night was so hectic! I was too busy to meet anyone." "You know you can't lie to save your life." She finished fixing the papers on her desk so she couldn't find any more excuses to stall, she sighed before leaning back on her leather chair. "Oh fine! I met Harry Potter last night. Mind you, I already met him a few weeks ago at their quidditch stadium, so I didn't technically 'meet' him last night." "How exciting! Is he as gorgeous in person as the photos in the papers and magazines?" the younger woman inquired excitedly. "He's actually more good-looking in person. He was incredibly nice and was such a gentleman," Hermione said. She barely kept herself from swooning, which was ridiculous, because she had never swooned over a man before. She remembered the way he placed her hand on his arm as they took a walk around the gardens. Whenever she spoke, he looked directly at her and listened to her intently. She realized that he showed genuine interest in the things she spoke about and had not once made her feel bad about her love of books or her intelligence. It was the first time where she felt comfortable to be just herself and not worry about what the other person thought of her. "Earth to Hermione!" Alice said in a sing-song voice as she waved her hand in front of her face to try and get her attention. "Oh! I'm sorry, got a bit lost there," she said with a guilty smile. "So I've noticed," Alice remarked with a wry grin. "You can be forgiven for being lost in a daydream about Harry Potter. He is quite dreamy." Hermione laughed. "That, he is. Truly. I've never met a man quite like him," she admitted and the blush on her face remained. "So? What happened that gave you that goofy smile on your face?" The younger woman inquired eagerly. Hermione smiled at her friend. She might be several years younger but Hermione considered Alice to be one of her dearest friends and knew she would not tell anyone anything she said. "He invited me to walk around the gardens of the hotel," she began, deliberately prolonging the suspense and it amused her to watch Alice bounce in her seat in anticipation. "And?" She prompted when Hermione didn't continue speaking and took her time as she drank her tea. "And we just talked," she said, as casually as she could with a shrug of her shoulders. "Well, what did you talk about?" "Random things, really. Our careers, our schools, among other things," she reminisced. "But we had to cut our walk short because there was an emergency at one of the food stations. One of the guests was complaining about the food not being vegan-friendly, when in fact, half of the dishes we chose were vegan." Hermione rolled her eyes as she remembered the irate man and how he was told off by one of the chefs since half of the dishes were, in fact, vegan, and he would have realized that if only he read the labels beside each dish. She had to refrain from laughing at the red-faced man when he walked away in embarrassment but she gave the chef a subtle thumbs up. Alice rolled her eyes at that but the excited expression on her face returned. "So did Harry Potter ask to see you again?" This girl has a one-track mind, Hermione scoffed internally. "He did." "And what did you say? Did you say yes?" "I said it wasn't a good idea." "WHAT?! Why?!" Alice asked, shocked. "I said the timing was off and I don't have time to date," Hermione shrugged. "That's a load of bullshite, Hermione," Alice rolled her eyes again. "It really isn't, you of all people know that. Between The Bookend, The Magic Touch and Ethan, I don't have much time left for myself, much less for meeting and dating men, especially ones that are famous. I can't even get started on taking my mastery because I'm swamped right now," Hermione said with a frown. She had planned on taking a mastery in Charms and Spell Development after she graduated from Beauxbatons but had to postpone it when her life turned upside down before the end of her fifth year. "Again, that's a load of bullshite. You know you need to have some time for yourself and have some fun, or else you're going to burn yourself out," Alice said, repeating the same sentiments Margarethe expressed a few weeks ago. "I can't afford to have 'fun,'" Hermione retorted with her fingers gesturing in the air. "So what, you're going to wait until you're too old to start dating again?" Alice asked incredulously. "It's not like I haven't dated before, I have tried the whole dating thing. And I'm quite tired of the whole getting-to-know-you routine of dating just for the whole thing end. Most men just couldn't handle the baggage I have." "Hermione, you can't be serious. You can't let your life revolve around work and Ethan. You've got to have your own life, as well," Alice said pleadingly. Hermione understood her friend's worries. She's not even the first one to express such concern, since Margarethe had been saying the same thing to her for years already. The few times she did date, she already expected the relationship to end prematurely. It's not like she lacked admirers and suitors, they simply didn't interest her enough or they didn't date long enough for them to stick around. Until Harry Potter. And that scared her. In the few minutes she spent with him, she felt like he already knew her for so long, and she, him. He was so easy to talk to, with his dry wit and profound understanding, that she felt comfortable with him. She had never felt that way about anyone she had only just met and that was one of the reasons why she refused his invitation to dinner. When the messenger spell arrived, it had burst the bubble she was in and her reality had come crashing around her. She had no business spending time and taking romantic walks around gardens with an admittedly gorgeous and fascinating man. Harry Potter could have any woman he wanted and she was sure that once he found out about the massive baggage she carried around, he would need his broomstick to get away from her as fast as he could. — Harry slowly emerged from the land of dreams on a large king-size bed, in the room provided to the team by the hotel. The Puddlemere Team management didn't want their players to apparate while intoxicated because that may cause some accidents. He stared at the ceiling of his room and the sunlight peeking through the closed windows told him it's already late in the morning. He began to think and reminisce about the events that happened the night before. He wasn't the type of bloke who slept around (mainly due to his fame as the man who ended Voldemort's reign of terror and his quidditch career, but also because he found it crass to stick his cock in everything that moves in a skirt, like what some of his teammates and peers did) but he was, after all, of the male species so he did sometimes indulge himself to a willing woman once in a while. This was not one of those instances. A year ago, he had a warm, willing body with him in bed the morning after the same party. But after last night, after those few stolen moments with a certain Ms. Granger, he didn't even look at the other women in attendance. Not even the most scantily clad women at the party, who were practically throwing themselves at him, gave him a minute's pause. He simply ignored them in favor of looking at Hermione from afar. He couldn't stop watching her as she was a sight to behold while she worked. She was gracious, patient and was not afraid to get her hands dirty if she needed to. She always had a ready smile for everyone and even if she was far from him, he could hear her laughter in his mind whenever he saw her laugh. He didn't dare approach her again because he knew she would just scamper away and find a way to escape him. So he just settled on watching her work and move about the large ballroom. He knew she knew he was watching her because she caught him looking at her several times during the night. He smiled internally because that meant she was looking for him as well. She was definitely different from all the women he had met and dated before, and he knew he will regret it for the rest of his life if he simply let her go now. Having made up his mind regarding the mysterious brunette, he looked at the clock on the nightstand beside the bed. It was a little after 10 in the morning. Thankfully, their coach didn't schedule any training that day as he knew his players would be up until the wee hours of the morning, drinking and partying. He stood up and made his way to the bathroom to do his morning business. Half an hour later, he had showered and was ready to go. He decided to leave the hotel early to do some of his errands and maybe visit his godson, whom he hadn't seen in weeks. He made sure all of his things were already packed in his overnight bag then left the hotel room. "Good morning, Mr. Potter! How are you this morning?" The hotel receptionist greeted him when he reached the front desk. "Good morning. I'd like to check out, please," he replied as he gave the man the keycard to his room. "Of course, sir. Just give me a few minutes." The receptionist then proceeded to do the check out transaction. As Harry waited, he took a moment to observe the hotel lobby. It was quite a lavish hotel, with walls covered in white paint and gold metal accents. The floor was all white marble with some carpets interspersed underneath extravagant couches for waiting guests. To the left of the front desk, where Harry came from, was where the lifts and the entrance to the hotel's restaurant and bar were located. To the right was a hallway leading to the ballrooms. Hermione's smiling face came unbidden in his mind as he saw the closed doors of the ballroom where the event was held the night before. He wondered how he could get in touch with her as he realized he didn't even remember to ask for her contact number. I bet the team's management can help me there, he mused. "Everything's been settled already, Mr. Potter," the receptionist said as he returned. "Great! Thanks a lot," he replied as he picked up his duffel bag from the floor. "You're most welcome, sir. We hope to see you again at our hotel." Harry tipped the muggle baseball cap he was wearing and gave the man behind the front desk a small wave. He turned towards the exit. When he reached the apparition point, he apparated straight home. — — — "Hey Harry, what are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be on your day off today?" Lavender Brown, Orpheus Gregson's secretary and his Hogwarts classmate, asked in surprise when she saw him approach her. "Hi, Lav. How about you? You were at the party last night, too. I'm sure you had a late night, as well," Harry replied with a smile when he stopped in front of her desk. Lavender waved her hand abstractly, "I had to finish some paperwork that Mr. Gregson needs by next week. And I'll be gone for a few days so I want everything done before then." He observed her for a few seconds, remembering the giggly blonde back in Hogwarts. She was definitely pretty, with her wavy blonde hair, large blue eyes, and a fair complexion. Her to-die-for curves were every man's fantasy, though Harry felt strangely immune to them. It was probably because he considered her one of his good friends and he was glad to see her settle well in her job with Puddlemere United. She was smart and competent, despite her being quite a gossip, which he was planning to exploit a bit in the next few minutes. "Oh, right! You're going to Greece. Maybe I should take a few days before the season starts, too," he said thoughtfully. "I'd like to see you try and ask for Armond's permission this close to the start of the season," she laughed. "We'll see. Actually," he took a deep breath, "I need a bit of help." She nodded, "If I can. With what?" "I'm sure you know who organized the party last night," he began. "Of course! The event organizer was the company called The Magic Touch! They were recommended to Mr. Gregson. I was the one who contacted them and coordinated with them regarding the party. Why? Do you have a party that needed organizing?" she inquired. "N—actually, yeah. Something like that. So I need to know how to get in contact with them about it," he lied. He pocketed his hands to keep them from fidgeting. He hoped she didn't catch his bald-faced lie. For some reason, he didn't want her to know why he needed to contact them. "Well, their office is at the new lane, Pentagon Alley, just beyond Diagon Alley," Lavender turned her swivel chair and searched for something in one of the drawers behind her. When she found what she was looking for, she turned back towards Harry. She waved her wand and made a copy of what looked like a business card in her hand. "Here's their address and their phone number. Thank Merlin someone finally made phones work here. It was so much easier to talk over the phone than owls," she said as she gave Harry the copy of the business card. "Thanks a lot for this, Lav!" He couldn't help the smile that grew on his face as he looked down on the card in his hand. "U-huh. Just make sure to invite me to whatever party you're planning on having," she said with her eyebrow raised, but there was a smile on her face. He guessed he'd have to have a party for real or else, Lavender would give him a hard time about it. Lavender loved parties. He nodded, "Sure. I'll let you know the details once it's planned." He gave her a smile and a wave goodbye before heading back to the lifts. Now, what he needed was a game plan.
Harry appeared at one of the designated apparition points in Pentagon Alley. The lane was opened about three years ago when the community had been steadily growing and several new businesses had begun opening. The number of them could not be accommodated along Diagon Alley anymore so the British Ministry of Magic had opted to open a new alley. It was a success and the new businesses had helped in bolstering the magical community's economy in recent years. The assortment of booming businesses owned by purebloods, half-bloods, and muggleborns integrated well together, and he was glad to see that the blood purity bigotry was a thing of the past. He didn't fight the war against Voldemort just for the discrimination and fanaticism of those beliefs to survive to this day. Of course, there were still those who tried to propagate the sanctity of purebloods but they were few and not a lot of people bought into the propaganda anymore. He strolled down the lively lane, passing by shop after shop, some he had visited before and some he made a mental note to check out some other time. He checked the card in his hand again as he read the signs on the storefronts. Some were animated and moving, some even sang or talked to the patrons strolling along the busy street. He made an abrupt stop as he felt a certain pull that came from the bookshop on his right. He turned to look at the window of the store with the name The Bookend printed across the glass. People were moving back and forth beyond the glass, books tucked under their arms or heads bowed as they browsed books from rows and rows of shelves. He didn't know why but he felt a certain calmness and comfort from the store. He took a step forward, intending to check out the bookshop when a voice called out from his left. "Harry?" He turned his head towards the vaguely familiar voice and saw Margarethe Ackleman, Hermione's friend and co-owner of The Magic Touch, standing at the door beside the bookshop. He glanced briefly above her to confirm that this was the office of her business. He changed directions and walked towards Margarethe instead of the bookshop. With a smile, he greeted the blonde woman. "Hello, Margarethe. How are you today? Already recovered from the craziness from last night?" He teased. "Still a little knackered but I'm used to it. It's all part of the job. Why were you just standing over there?" He turned his head to where he was standing previously, looked at the bookshop for a few seconds then turned back to Margarethe. "I was just thinking," he answered evasively. He still wasn't sure what it was that happened back there. He continued, hoping to distract her. "Actually, I was looking for your office!" "Really? Oh, where are my manners? We're just standing here by the door. Come in, please!" Margarethe opened the door then held it so he can follow her in, as well. The first thing Harry noticed about the office was that it felt very cozy. There were light-coloured wood panel floors and on the left side of the room was a long, rectangular table that could fit at least eight people. There were several people seated around and talking. Must be clients with the staff, he thought. Behind them were several shelves filled with books, several plants, and other knick-knacks. Next to it was a high, wooden table nestled against the wall with five high chairs. There was a bar at the end of the room, with a magical icebox and contraptions he recognized that were used to make coffee and other drinks. Two shelves lined the wall behind the bar with one layer filled with mugs and glasses. The one above it contained liquor of different kinds. This made him smile. On the right side of the room was a sitting area with comfortable, mismatched couches and armchairs; a coffee table in the middle with magazines; more plants; and books on top. Beyond that was a long counter table that looked like the receptionist's area, and it seemed it was used as a barrier to close off the back part of the room. There was a door on the right wall behind the desk and a set of stairs that led upstairs, which he assumed led to their main office, beside the door. The walls were white-painted bricks with interspersed framed quotes and artworks. Live plants were also hung and scattered around the room, giving it a refreshing and relaxing feel. After his quick assessment of the place, he smiled at Margarethe and said, "I like your office." She smiled as well, a look of undisguised pride and joy in her eyes as she looked around the office. "Thanks, Hermione and I designed it. We wanted a place where people would feel welcome and be comfortable while we talk about events organizing and other businesses." At the mention of Hermione, he then remembered why he was there in the first place. "Speaking of—" he began. Margarethe sighed, cutting him off, "And here I thought you're here to have a party planned." She chuckled and gave him an amused and teasing look. "So, you're here for Hermione, yes?" Harry blushed and he cursed himself for acting like a schoolboy getting caught having a crush on a girl. He wove his fingers through his hair, tried to shrug nonchalantly then gave her a self-deprecating smile. "She left abruptly after she got your messenger spell while we were outside and I kinda got the sense she was avoiding me after that," he said. "Why would she avoid you? Did you do something to offend her?" He detected the barely hidden threat in her tone which made him both nervous and wary but also liking the woman because he could see the protectiveness and concern she had for her friend. "I don't think I did anything to offend her, actually," he said, putting his hands up in a defensive pose. "Before she left, I asked her if she would have dinner with me. She, uh, she said no," he explained. He saw understanding dawn on Margarethe's face then an expression of annoyance replaced it. He wasn't sure if the woman was annoyed at him for asking her friend out on a date with him but she quickly quashed his growing worry when she spoke. "Oh, that blasted woman! I ought to shake some sense into her," she said under her breath. It seemed she was talking more to herself than to Harry. She looked up and gave him a smile. "Why don't you wait here and I'll look for her so you can talk to her?" Harry nodded in response. "Look for her where? She's not here?" "Oh, she's at the bookshop next door. She owns it," she said, before walking away and exiting the door behind the counter. He realized the man sitting behind the counter (most likely their receptionist) was staring at him with wide eyes, probably recognizing him and was wondering why he was all chummy with his boss. Harry decided to walk around and looked closely at the various items spread around the office. Photographs of people in different sizes, a mix of muggle and magical, were hung on the wall behind the couches in a montage he assumed were taken from their previous projects. There were also photos of Hermione and Margarethe, and other photos with their staff. He could see that both women enjoyed their work, both in the photos and from observing them the night before. He was in awe of Hermione as he stared at her in the photos while remembering that she also owned the bookshop next door. "Harry? What are you doing here?" He recognized her voice immediately and turned to face the woman it belonged to. As he looked at the brunette woman, he was again floored by how beautiful she was, and he wondered briefly at the strength of his attraction to her. He smiled at her. "Hey Hermione. How are you?" He took a moment to look at her. Her hair was a riot of loose, brunette curls that seemed to almost reach her waist in length. Her face was makeup-free, and although she was gorgeous when she was made up as she was at the party, he decided he much preferred the more natural look on her. She was wearing a white, long-sleeved blouse tucked in a red pencil skirt that simply accentuated her curvy hips and amazing legs. Instead of the pumps he'd seen her twice before, she was wearing a pair of white sneakers, which went well with her outfit. The only thing that marred the almost perfect vision that was Hermione Granger was the frown on her pretty face. "Why are you here?" She asked in a low voice, clearly not wanting others to overhear their conversation. "Actually, I came here to see you," he replied easily. The frown on her face grew deeper at his answer. She looked around, probably checking if people were close enough to hear them talk. Margarethe then walked up to them and spoke. "Why don't you go to my office and talk there? It's more private." Harry could see the doubt in Hermione's eyes as she stared at her friend as the two women were having a silent conversation that he wasn't privy to. Hermione nodded and turned to him. "Come on, then." Without waiting for his agreement, she walked around the reception desk and opened a door next to the stairs. Harry looked at Margarethe and when she gave him a smile and a nod, he immediately walked towards Hermione who was waiting by the opened door. When he entered the room, he didn't have the time to look around because after taking a few steps inside, he turned to face Hermione when he heard the door close. "Why are you here?" She asked again. "As I've said before, I came to see you," he returned. "Why?" Her eyebrows raised as she inquired. "Because I enjoyed my time with you last night," Harry said. He took a step forward then stopped when Hermione took a step back in surprise. "And I was hoping I can get to see more of you. Did you not enjoy our time together?" He decided that honesty was the best way to approach this woman. It was plain as day how intelligent Hermione was and he wouldn't want to insult her by spewing flowery words to her. He saw her hesitate for a moment after he spoke his question. Even in their brief time together the night before, he knew she wasn't the kind of woman to waste time pretending she enjoyed his company when, in truth, she didn't. "I—of course, I did," she replied softly. "I do remember saying that I had a wonderful time with you." "Then why not have dinner with me?" She sighed. "I already told you I don't have the time to date," she then looked away, a sad look took residence on her face. "Besides, I don't think dating is for me." She spoke so low that he wondered if she was speaking to him or herself. Upon seeing the sad expression that should not have any place on her otherwise beautiful face, he was now more determined than ever to show her that going out with him and spending time with him was not a bad idea. He suddenly stood straight and walked a few steps back, creating distance between them. His abrupt movements surprised her, curiosity and confusion were warring in her eyes. He gave her a friendly smile. "You and I both know there was a… connection—for lack of a better word—between us last night. I'm going to leave you for now, but I hope you give this," he raised his hand and gestured between the two of them, "a bit of thought because you know I'm right." He gave another smile and went around her to reach the door. He paused as he opened the door, "You look beautiful today. I'm quite happy to see you again, Hermione," he said. Then, he exited and closed the door behind him. Margarethe stood up from the chair previously occupied by the receptionist and met Harry as he walked away from the office door. She gave a sympathetic smile and asked,"Still a no?" Harry sighed and raked his fingers through his perpetually disheveled hair. "Yeah." The blonde woman nodded in understanding. She looked at the closed door for a few seconds before looking back at Harry. "You know she's just afraid, right?" "I kinda got that. I honestly don't buy the 'I'm too busy' excuse she's been throwing at me. I just want to know why so I can do something about it," he replied. He, of course, believed Margarethe knew the reason behind Hermione's rejection. She looked at the door again then led him towards the entrance of the office. "You know that I know the reason why she's hesitant but it's not my story to tell. You just have to be patient with her," she said. She paused before the door and turned to look at Harry. "If you're serious about dating her, I could give you a hand—but only if you're serious." He wasn't sure how everything had progressed so quickly in the span of 24 hours, but he knew in his gut that it would be a grave mistake if he stopped his pursuit of Hermione now. If there was one thing he learned during the previous war, it was to follow his instincts. And his instincts said that he would be a fool to let Hermione go. He smiled at Margarethe before opening the door and spoke, "I've never been more serious in my entire life." Harry stepped out to the busy street and felt that his life was going to change. Whether that change was for better or worse was still up in the air. — Hermione hated running late for anything, but she knew there wasn't anything she could have done so that she could leave her previous meeting on time. A well-known author was going to hold a book launch event at her bookshop, and she had to meet with the author's agent to hammer out the details of the event. The activities to be done prior to the launch and post-event promotions were also discussed. Given that they had scheduled the book launch in a month, they were working on a tight timeline. Of course, despite being loaded with work up to her neck between the bookshop and The Magic Touch, she couldn't disregard potential new clients. That's why she was rushing to Les Envies in muggle London. She wasn't surprised or bothered to meet a would-be client in muggle London as they catered to both magicals and muggles. She was surprised, though, at the venue of the meeting. Les Envies was one of the most expensive and most sought out French restaurants in Great Britain. It was the kind of place that Hermione could never have eaten at in her entire lifetime, so she was somewhat also looking forward to tasting their dishes tonight. When she gave her name to the woman at the entryway of the restaurant, the maître d′ came rushing to meet her and lead her to one of the private rooms at the back of the restaurant. The interior of the restaurant was modern in design. High ceilings with chandeliers hung low, frosted glass-paneled walls were placed in-between tables in the middle of the main floor, and the same panels were used on one side of the restaurant. On the other side were wide windows that showed the busy London street. She wondered again who the potential client was because it seemed they required the utmost privacy for this meeting. Margarethe wasn't able to brief her properly because she was caught up in another meeting with suppliers when she sent Hermione a message that she would not be able to make this appointment. She asked if Hermione could go in her place instead since it was important. Of course, she couldn't say no to her friend, and since more clients meant more income for The Magic Touch, she didn't mind so much. When they reached one of the doors of the private rooms, the maître d′ knocked and waited for the confirmation they could enter. When the permission came, the maître d′ gave her a nod then proceeded to open the door. He stood aside as he held the door open for her to enter. The minute she entered the room, she knew who was there. For reasons unknown, since the day they met, she had developed a hyper-awareness for this man. Maybe it was that connection which he mentioned before, though she didn't know yet if that was true. But she couldn't deny that she already knew he was there even before she laid eyes on him. The moment their eyes met, it felt like time stood still. She barely noticed the maître d′ excusing himself and closing the door behind him. Hermione could not deny that her attraction to Harry was strong, and it only grew stronger every time she saw him. She recalled the conversation she had with Margarethe after Harry came looking for her at their office more than a week ago. She didn't know how long she stood there after Harry had left the room. She surmised it had been a few minutes already. Her emotions were jumbled, and she didn't know what to feel or think. Here was a wonderful and gorgeous man, asking her out to dinner, and yet, she rejected him. Twice. Harry Potter could have had any woman he wanted. And for some unfathomable reason, he wanted to date her. She knew she was just passably pretty, far from being as beautiful as the French girls she went to school with. More often than not, people would likely compliment her for being smart more than for her looks. She didn't mind that at all, for she took pride in her intelligence. So, this pursuit of Harry Potter utterly baffled her. It simply did not make sense. Prior to today, they only met briefly—twice. And yet, she had to agree with his assessment. There was a connection between them, and it kept getting stronger. She didn't understand it for it defied any logic, but she could not deny it was there because she felt it too. A knock on the door made her jump a little and interrupted her thoughts. "Hey, you okay?" Margarethe asked when she entered the room. Hermione released a breath she didn't know she was holding when the door opened. What, were you expecting Harry to walk back in the room? She berated herself. She gave a long sigh and answered her friend, "I honestly don't know." Margarethe nodded and closed the door behind her. She led her friend to the chairs in front of her office desk and took a seat on the right one while Hermione dropped herself on the left. Hermione raised her right hand and began rubbing her forehead. She could feel a headache coming. "Tell me what you're really thinking," Margarethe said, breaking the silence. She sighed, dropped her hand, and leaned her head on the back of the chair. "I just… don't think dating him is a good idea." "Why not?" Hermione turned her head towards her friend, giving her a look as if she had grown an extra head. "Have you seen the man? He's gorgeous! He's smart and funny. He's such a gentleman and practically perfect in every way. He is everything a woman could wish for and more! And don't forget, he's bloody famous worldwide. And I'm… me," she gestured at herself then turned her head again and closed her eyes. "He's way out of my league. Not to mention, I have too much baggage. A man like that could never accept the kind of baggage I carry." Margarethe sat up and glared at her, "Stop right there! Just stop. You are not out of his league, all right? You are a strong, amazing, and loving woman. You have your own business, for Circe's sake! And I doubt the bloke even cares about the status quo. He's interested in you! He barely knows you, but he went looking for you just to ask you out. And maybe you should let him decide whether he's man enough to accept and share your baggage." "I just know that he will run as fast as he could the moment he finds out, just like all the other men before…" "And how would you know that? You won't even give the poor man a chance! You don't know if he'll reject you. You don't know if he'll run away after you tell him the truth, like those jerks you've dated before. Maybe he's finally the person who will help you carry the weight you've been carrying for years." Hermione glared at her friend and answered, "Because I'd rather nip it in the bud before I get my hopes up again! I've got too much going on in my life as it is. I don't have time to date famous bachelors who have the pick of any woman in the world! I don't want to be just a notch on someone's belt. I can't just think of myself anymore, you know that." A tense silence followed her outburst. "I know what's really on your mind," Margarethe started, her voice calmer than before. "You're scared." Hermione deflated and released a long sigh. She nodded. "I'm bloody scared of getting my hopes up. I'm scared of trusting someone again. I'm scared because I don't know what's going to happen if I do start dating him." She looked at her friend with tears threatening to spill from her eyes. "But what I'm scared most is I know I could fall in love with him." As she brought herself back to the present, she frowned and narrowed her eyes towards Harry Potter. "I think I'm in the wrong room," she said, her voice tense. She moved to leave when Harry spoke for the first time. "No, you're in the right room," he replied, and gave her a lopsided smile. She turned back to face him, trying to keep herself calm. "I'm supposed to meet a client here." "You're looking at him," he replied as his smile grew. An idea clicked in her mind. Margarethe was adamant about her meeting with this client that she even said the appointment could not be rescheduled to another date. "So, this is some sort of trick you and Margarethe came up with to get me to have dinner with you?" She asked, the irritation clear in her voice. He shrugged. "Maybe." Hermione rolled her eyes and harrumphed. "You are wasting my time," she said. She turned to leave again but Harry rushed forward and caught her arm. "Please, just have dinner with me this one time. And if you end up hating every minute of it, then I'll back off and leave you alone," he pleaded. She looked at his eyes and only saw sincerity there. She sighed again. "Fine. I am quite hungry." His smile returned then he led her to the table that was set in the middle of the room. He pulled the chair for her to sit down then he sat on his own across her. He passed her the menu. "Order whatever you want. Although I took the liberty of ordering our drinks. I hope you like red wine," he said. "I love wine. But I also like the occasional bitter," she replied. He gave her another smile. "Me too. Personally, I prefer beer over wine. But since this place doesn't serve beer, we'll have to make do with wine." She chuckled. "Poor us." She felt herself calming and getting comfortable. There was something about Harry's presence that made her feel safe and at peace. She shook those thoughts away. "Are you ready to order?" He asked. When she nodded, he pressed a button that was on the table and the maître d′ suddenly entered the room. "Have you made your choices, monsieur et madame?" He inquired. After they gave their orders, another waiter came in to serve their wine and left it in a bucket of ice beside their table. Hermione took a sip of the wine in her glass and hummed. "Hmm. That's a good choice." "Why, thank you. Don't sound too surprised," Harry teased. She laughed. "Sorry. Not many men like wine, you know. Even rarer are those who know the good ones." He leaned forward and gestured for her to move closer as if he was going to tell her a secret. He looked around and put his hand beside his mouth. "Don't tell anyone but it's the only brand of wine I know." She giggled at that and moved back in her chair. After she controlled her laughter, she looked at him with amused eyes. "Don't worry, your secret is safe with me." "I know that," he said easily. The maître d′ entered again and served their appetizers then their main course. They talked as they ate, steering clear of the conversation about why Hermione didn't want to date Harry. As they were enjoying their wine, it seemed like Harry finally decided to address the elephant in the room. "So tell me, why did you say no when I asked you to dinner?" Hermione, who was about to drink her wine, was startled by the question. She put her glass down and kept her eyes on the wine. Harry waited patiently while it took her a few moments before she answered. "I told you, I have my hands full with both the bookshop and the events company. I don't have the time to date," she said as she kept her eyes on her glass, afraid to look at his mesmerizing emerald eyes. "You did tell me that. But somehow, I know that's not the only reason. I feel like something else is holding you back," he replied, his tone soft. She looked up at him, surprised at his accurate perception. She was still thinking of a response to that, but Harry continued speaking. "You can tell me the truth, whatever it is," he said. She could see in his eyes the genuineness of that statement. She wanted to tell him everything, it's like his eyes were compelling her but her fears still far outweighed that desire. "I… have baggage. Baggage that men like you would rather not deal with," she finally said, the end almost a whisper. "Try me." She stared at him for what felt like forever, deciding whether to be honest with him or not. She was deathly afraid of taking the chance, the risk of having more than just her heartbroken. But would she rather live not knowing if he could handle her and everything that came with her life? Hermione closed her eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Decision made, she released her breath and looked directly in his emerald eyes. "Harry, I have a nine-year-old son."
