Inspires Us To Greater Poetry 'Mysteries do not lose their poetry when solved. Quite the contrary; the solution often turns out to be more beautiful than the puzzle, and, in any case, when you solve one mystery, you uncover others, perhaps to inspire greater poetry.' -Richard Dawkins NOTES: This is Part II of a two part series. If you have not read A Solution More Beautiful, I would suggest that you do so, because many things are explained organically there. If you wish to simply start reading at this half of the story, I have a short list of important things to know, with chapter reference numbers where possible, for the introduction or significant mentions of those events. No pressure to read them, of course, just thought it would help: = Elodie Merriman is from our universe, and was swapped with her magical counterpart in the HP universe. She is a Potions Master, and makes Wolfsbane (ch1) = Elodie, Sirius, and Remus live in a cottage called Phoenix House (ch15) = Elodie and Sirius are a couple (but Elodie has (maybe not so) unrequited feelings for Remus) (ch30,31, (half the freaking story...actually all of it)) = Elodie baked a traditional, famous recipe called Gâteaufidél that is meant to only be touched by the baker and the person they love, but both Sirius and Remus could touch it. Remus didn't recognize it and has no idea (ch28,29,49) = Elodie has confided in Sirius about the books and where she came from (ch30,35) = Right before the full moon, Remus's wolf self becomes physically dominant and can control his body (ch14,18,27,48) = Elodie has a cluster of splinching scars in the upper center of her chest that resemble the petals of a rose (ch19,27) = Remus works as a columnist for a publication called Orion's Belt (ch21,22,31) = Elodie was attacked during the Second Task of the Tri-Wizard Tournament and was unconscious in St. Mungo's for two months (ch45) = In canon, heads of state are informed about magic as a matter of national security = Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley were killed, possibly by Death Eaters, hours before this story begins. This is announced by Albus Dumbledore at the Burrow, where the Order of the Phoenix is having a meeting to prep for work on #12, Grimmauld Place, the next day. (ch52) Prologue: At the Weasleys (From A Solution More Beautiful, Chapter 52:) "That is our conundrum, you see!" Albus said brightly. "For we know Harry's guardian is not hiding away in a cave as most suspect. Sirius has a perfectly lovely house with plenty of room for Harry, wouldn't you say, Remus?" "I'm sure all three of us would be delighted to have Harry live with us, sir," Remus said. "I am very glad that you said that, Remus. Very glad," Albus said, touching the tip of his finger to the end of his nose. "So our dilemma!" he said, his voice booming. "Harry must live with Sirius, Sirius is safe at Phoenix House. I have come to an agreement with Fudge and the Ministry through no small amount of threatening, that I believe is the best of all worlds. It shall involve some sacrifice. My solution will not, nor would I expect it to be, very easy." Albus turned to look at Elodie, and then at Remus, and said, "And, I do hope that you will come to forgive me for it." "Forgive?" Elodie said, feeling anxious but not overwhelmed. She shook her head emphatically. Yes, her life would change, with Harry living with them, but that was hardly Albus's doing. James and Lily were the ones who chose Harry's godfather. "I did not tell Cornelius Fudge that I knew of Sirius Black's whereabouts," Albus told the room full of Order members. "Instead, I told him that there was an alternative option for guardianship. Two well-respected people, one unconnected to the politics that would seek to divide Wizarding Britain, the other loved and respected by James and Lily themselves." "Albus," Remus said, his voice low and angry. Elodie didn't catch what had made his voice sound so much like a warning, but she understood fully, when Dumbledore spoke again. "They wanted a couple, you understand. The alternatives were quite ghastly- Harry Potter growing up in the clutches of Lucius Malfoy? No, my solution allows everyone to live in peace at Phoenix House. It requires a simple deception, one that I believe is already somewhat assumed, at least by some nurses in Saint Mungo's," Albus said, with a slight chuckle. Now Elodie understood, but it was too late. She couldn't stop him. "Harry Potter's guardianship will be given to Remus Lupin and Elodie Merriman." Chapter One: For the Greater Good "WHAT?" As Elodie exclaimed in shock, she could hear Remus's voice saying Albus's name with just as much vehemence. Around her, other members of the Order were reacting in their own ways, and the shock she was feeling was amplified by every nod or affirmative reaction she saw. To her surprise, there were several. Elodie could not, would not look over in Remus's direction. She had only recently repaired the tattered threads of her friendship with Remus, had heard his confession to Sirius about how he'd fought against any romantic feelings towards her even as she wrestled her own feelings down in favor of her relationship with Sirius. She was dying to know what he was thinking, really thinking, though. Remus wouldn't reveal his true feelings on something if he thought they would cause someone to forget things he thought were more important, especially when it came to the perception of his dangerousness. That thought prompted another: what did her own face reveal in this moment? She knew she was blushing, could feel the shock adding context to the way her eyes had widened and the way her hands shook as they lifted to brush her styled curls away from her face. Elodie could feel tears starting to form in her eyes and knew they'd be misconstrued. Sirius's dream! A home for Harry at Phoenix House. The thing Sirius saw as his reason to live through the horrors of Azkaban; that, and revealing Peter's deception. Could she really be selfish enough to deny Sirius and Harry this chance? Would Remus? "Albus, surely-" Remus said, his voice barely more than a gasp, yet loud enough to be heard by the whole room. Albus raised his arms into the air and everyone fell silent. "You seem to be misconstruing my swiftness in making these choices," his voice boomed, just on the edge of sounding angry. "I do not see this as rash. Indeed, Minister Fudge seemed most grateful. Harry's appearance after the Task clutching the body of his classmate is an inconvenient truth for much of the families with divided loyalties. Minister Fudge is not eager for the news of Tom's reincarnation to become widely accepted. He was actually quite obviously pleased at the idea of placing such a troublemaker in the hands of an unknown couple with little wealth, who would likely never think of attending social events to possibly disseminate unwelcome information!" Elodie cracked a smile and instinctively shot a glance to where she knew Remus had been standing, despite her earlier determination not to. He was still there, and there was a hint of a rueful smile on his own face. They made eye contact, and she felt rooted to the spot. So much heartfelt information was written on his face; she could see his dismay, recognized the sadness he had to feel for Harry's situation, but she could also see a gathering resolve in his set jaw and furrowed brows. She knew she should look away, but she couldn't bring herself to. She tried to pour every apology she could into her expression; she felt responsible for this, somehow. "Elodie?" Remus jumped in surprise at the same time Elodie did, and right as she turned away from him to see who was speaking, she saw him shut his eyes, as if he were chastising himself. "I'm sorry, I'm just- I'm sorry," Elodie said, shaking her head a little bit, trying to draw on the shock of it all for some sympathy at her being so disconnected with the conversation at large. "I wanted you to tell him if you're willing," Mad-Eye said, stepping forward in the off-kilter walk he had. He pointed at Albus, then over to where she knew Remus was standing. "I know your man wants Harry to live with him, but-" He broke off and actually came over and put his hand out. Elodie took it and stood up. Mad-Eye put an arm around her and spoke like he was confiding in her, but his voice was every bit as loud as it had been before. "You don't have to do anything you don't want to. Say the word, I'll fight whatever battle is necessary." Elodie threw her free arm around Mad-Eye's neck, ignoring the way his magical eye seemed to fixate on that point of contact. "You're lovely," she whispered in his ear. "I'm good." Then, after she let go, she lifted her head and looked for Albus. "I need a minute, that's all. To-" she didn't know how to explain what she was feeling, so she just repeated herself, her hand fluttering beside her head as if seeking specific words that were just out of reach. "I just need a minute." "Of course," Albus said, solicitously. He gestured in an arc that encompassed the kitchen, the front door, and the stairs up to the rest of the house. Molly stood as if to go with her, but Arthur, who was seated next to her, actually reached up and pulled on her hand hard enough to sit her back down. A few people hid their amusement as the Weasleys started to whisper back and forth to each other, though it was mostly Arthur whispering 'No, my dear, please, dear, no' over and over to whatever it was that Molly was arguing, as far as Elodie could hear as she moved past them. She walked up the stairs with her head held high, but as soon as she was out of sight she cast a silencing spell on her feet and ran. She ran up and up until she was in a part of the Burrow she'd never seen before, an attic space with a low ceiling that seemed to be a cozy sort of sitting room. In one corner there was a make-up table with a mirror, and beside it was a window. A chair sat between the two, and Elodie sank into it, noticing how pale she looked in her reflection. A few seconds later, she saw a bobbing wand-light also reflected, and a few seconds after that, the face of the person who had followed her upstairs. "That was quite a suggestion," Nymphadora Tonks said, sympathetically. "Can something be perfectly logical and completely insane at the same time?" Elodie asked. Tonks laughed softly. "Absolutely. I'm pretty sure that's a perfect description of Charlie, actually." Elodie laughed at that, and nodded. Tonks asked, "You all right?" Elodie thought about her answer for a full minute. "Yes," she finally said. "I just didn't want to be there when Remus tells Albus he won't do it." "You really think he'd say no? I mean, cor… he looked shocked, he did, but…" The room fell silent; its location was so far up in the structure that the sounds of around twenty people speaking loudly didn't travel. After a long minute or two, Tonks spoke again. "Were… would you say no?" "Never in a million years would I refuse to do what Albus is asking," Elodie said. She'd said it quietly, but the silence of the room and the importance of the question amplified the sound so much that it felt like she'd shouted. "Maybe I'm just out of the loop, but, why wouldn't you just say that before coming up here!" Tonks asked. Elodie looked over at her and saw that she looked shocked. The candy-pink hair color she usually wore had streaks of white in it, as if visualizing the effect of Elodie's words as they flew past. Elodie laughed. "Because they already know," she said with complete confidence. Albus had seen the Gâteaufidél. Remus knew enough about how she thought she felt about him, whether or not he believed her. Honestly, those nuggets of knowledge, however valuable in context, were nothing in terms of the rest of the evidence, though. Elodie was always careful to keep Sirius's presence known in Order meetings, whether or not he was able to be there physically, and this was the thing Sirius wanted above all else: a chance for Harry to live with him. "So you know Dumbledore will guess correctly that you're game for it, but thought Lupin would say no?" Elodie nodded. Tonks nodded back, then threw her a shrewd look that told Elodie the Auror was shifting into investigative mode. "What about my cousin?" "He'll be so happy we've come up with a way for Harry to live there that I don't think he'll be fussed about the details. Besides, he trusts Remus, he already knows about- I mean, he trusts Remus." Elodie's slip didn't go unnoticed. "Trusts Lupin with you, you mean? There a reason he wouldn't, then?" "Tonks, please, I-" Elodie stopped herself. Here was a chance to be completely honest. To say the words out loud, to know that in saying them, she wasn't hurting someone the way she seemed to hurt Remus, the way she'd hurt Sirius. "Okay. I'm shit at interrogations. I'm in love with him. With both of them. Remus first, actually, if you can believe that!" Elodie covered her face with both hands, not because she wanted to cry, but because she couldn't bear to see what Tonks' reaction would be. "Why do I have a feeling that Sirius took matters into his own hands, there?" Tonks said. Her tone was so commonplace and amused that Elodie felt brave enough to look at her. She was glad she had- Tonks had grown her hair out in a Sirius-esque mane and was sporting his trimmed goatee, and the combination was pretty funny. "Because you know him!" Elodie said, giggling at her approximation. "Hey, I yielded! You don't have to torture me with accuracy!" Tonks picked up the back of a chair that was resting against the wall and transfigured it into a whole chair. "No worries on that! I've been warned against 'you'll get bleedin' stuck' too often to give a genuine Sirius look a go!" she said as she sat down backwards on the chair, her arms resting comfortably on the back. She morphed her features back to her regular look, and smiled at Elodie. Somewhere in the depths of the house, Elodie heard footsteps, but she couldn't tell how close they were. "Well, they're probably down there worried you've Apparated home. What do you want to do?" "I had a horrible thought that I should come down in a full wedding kit and ask where I am supposed to sign- because after that, Remus would probably be grateful for anything lesser! How awful of me, honestly?" Elodie groaned. Tonks stared at her. Elodie stared back. Then they both burst into hysterical laughter. "That sounds like a Marauder kind of plan," Remus said from the stairs. Elodie's neck hurt with how fast she whipped her head over to look in his direction. He was standing on the stairwell, half his body visible, his left hand splayed out on the flooring where he waited for her to react to his comment. He seemed like his normal, relaxed self, which was strange, but she'd take it, on a day like today. Elodie had promised herself that, where possible, she wouldn't hold back her genuine reaction to Remus Lupin anymore. Now was as good a time as any to keep to her promise. "Jesus, Mary, and Merlin, you scared me! How long have you been standing there?" "Not long, I'm not one for eavesdropping," Remus said easily. There was nothing contradictory in the thin smile he offered her, and she smiled back. "So neither of us is going to run screaming to offer to teach at Beauxbatons? Tell me now, because I know just about four words in French, and I think of those, Sirius taught me three," Elodie said, her tone light. "I'm not going to run away from you or Harry, Elodie," Remus said. No power in any wand on the planet would have prevented the blush she displayed after hearing that. She was grateful for the dimness of the room. "I'm going to head down," Tonks said, getting up and darting down the stairs before Elodie had really registered what she'd said. "I was not running away, you know," Elodie said, hating the defensive tone in her voice. "Don't worry. I have never known you to run away from anything intimidating," Remus said, walking over and sitting down sideways in the chair Tonks had vacated. He set his elbow down on the back of the chair, letting his hand fall loose over the side. "Apparently, Albus threatened Fudge with exposing the true events from the Task, if he didn't agree to this." "Might have been better if he did, honestly," Elodie mused. "There's a whole institutional 'everything will always work out' mantra on this side of the ocean that makes me want to scream internally, sometimes." "I think we'll be able to make this work with only a modicum of screaming in any form." Elodie was a split second away from asking if someone had dosed Remus with Calming Draught before she realized what a bad idea bringing that up would be. She settled on the unvarnished, true reaction she was having. "You're extremely calm for someone who's been offered up as a co-guardian of this universe's Chosen One?" Elodie said, phrasing it like she was asking a question. "It was pointed out to me downstairs that fully half of my acquaintances already suspect a relationship exists between the two of us, mostly because of my visits to St. Mungo's, as well as other incidental situations, such as our tour of the rental house," he said, wincing a little bit. "I apologize-" Elodie interrupted in a tone that allowed no argument. "I have never been, nor will I ever see something negative about my association with you, Remus Lupin." Remus coughed, the sound turning into a laugh after a few seconds. "Message received, my goodness." He brushed his hair back from his forehead and shook his head in a way that Elodie could be persuaded was admiration. "Remind me to keep you on my side." "Always," Elodie promised. "But, go on?" He nodded and took a deep breath, letting it out in a rush. "The thing is, I've spent my life feeling frustrated and helpless by the assumptions people make when they look at me," Remus said, flexing his hand into a fist before letting it fall limp again. "Here is a chance to get some value out of those assumptions, and all it costs me is a little dent to my integrity. There may be a bit more to it than that, but if it gives Harry a chance to live in a house full of adults who want nothing more than a wonderful life for him, then-" Remus's voice broke, and Elodie nodded so hard that the movement knocked loose the tears that had formed on hearing his words. "Yes. Yes," she said. "Everyone had started to leave when I said I would come up to get you, but- forgive me, but I said you were likely to agree. I meant it when I said I've never seen you back down," Remus said. The fact that his ears started turning red told Elodie that he remembered her correcting him to say that she did back down the once. She nodded again, and swiped at the remaining teardrops. "Does that mean we can go home?" she asked him plaintively. "I'd feel like I was being marched back downstairs to nod my acquiescence-" "As opposed to the one who was reluctant until persuaded by the entire Order of the Phoenix, you mean?" Remus said. Elodie made a face somewhere between wincing and hissing in pain. "That is to say, yes. Let's go home." He held out his arm for her and she knew it was to Apparate. She didn't hesitate. "Let's go give Harry the good news," she said. "And Sirius the bad news," Remus remarked wryly. 8888888888888888 Remus Apparated them to the basement beside his cage, which Elodie thought was thoughtful, since there was no telling where Harry and Sirius would be, but chances were great that they wouldn't have been downstairs. Remus checked the basement bedroom, but Harry wasn't there, so they went upstairs, where they found Sirius asleep on the floor with limbs akimbo, his back propped up on the couch. Harry's arm was draped over Sirius's shoulder, a handful of shirt fabric caught in his hand as he slept on the couch behind his godfather. Elodie and Remus had both paused in the doorway to the kitchen when they'd seen the pair sleeping, and she reached down and squeezed his hand with hers. "Good night," she whispered, letting go of Remus's hand and sneaking her way through the living room to the hallway. Instead of going directly to bed, though, she took her wand out and cast a silencing spell on the hinges to Remus's bedroom, sensing somehow that he might not remember the way they liked to protest loudly if the door was opened past a certain angle. Elodie went into her own bedroom and watched through the cracked door as Remus opened his door too widely, wincing in preparation for the sound only to hear nothing. His surprised grunt was followed by a look in her direction, where, unerringly, Remus caught her eye even though she had the door cracked to barely an inch. He nodded his thanks, and went inside his room. Elodie was smiling as she prepared for bed, and it was only after she'd extinguished the wand light that she wondered if she should feel guilty for how proud she'd felt at his recognition. Shit, Elodie thought to herself. Is this the new normal? Questioning everything? In her mind's eye, Elodie saw the image of Harry's hand full of Sirius's shirt fabric, even in sleep. Yeah, that's worth being a bit more neurotic than normal, she decided. 8888888888888888 In the morning, Sirius came in to change his clothes and to find a few outfits to transfigure for Harry for comfort, in case his own clothes reminded him too much of what he'd just lost. Elodie took the time to give him a quick run-down of The Plan, but Sirius waved her off after a few sentences. He said he was too groggy from uncomfortable sleep to really pay attention, and his primary concern was getting Harry something to eat for breakfast. Elodie hopped out of bed immediately, walking over to her side of the closet to throw on something decent. "What's the rush?" Sirius asked, sounding amused. "Remus is cooking." That just made her move faster. Socks weren't important than a growing boy's nutrition. Or his taste buds. When Elodie walked into the kitchen, she saw that Remus and Harry were talking quietly while standing beside the counter. In front of them were all the supplies for pancakes, and the stove had the cast-iron griddle laid out, but nothing was mixed together yet. "Good morning Harry. Good morning, Remus," she greeted them. "Good morning," Harry said, nodding his head politely at her. He was wearing a pair of Sirius's black skinny jeans and a black Weird Sisters t-shirt. They were a bit too big for him, which touched Elodie's heart. Sirius had shrunk them, but not so much that they didn't feel like someone else's clothing. It was a thoughtful, loving detail. "Why do I have the feeling that Sirius was sent in to threaten that breakfast was already in progress?" Remus leaned his upper body toward her and said, "I have no idea what you could possibly mean." His expression was playful, and she mock-glared at him. "Out! Both of you, before I do this the Muggle way and give you the ones I make before I've correctly gauged the flipping time," she ordered. Two voices said, "Yes, ma'am." When Elodie was halfway through making pancakes, she heard a roar of male laughter from the living room. She peeked around the doorway rather than stood in it, not wanting to change the character of the conversation with her obvious presence. Remus was sitting far forward in his chair, hands clasped in front of him, watching Harry and Sirius, who were seated on the rug. They were watching a conjured Quidditch Pitch, and Sirius was demonstrating a move using figurines on magical brooms. As she watched, Sirius's wand lifted sharply, and the figurine with the Quaffle made a spinning move that dodged the Chaser that Harry was controlling. The Quaffle sailed through one of the scoring rings, and Remus reached out with lupine speed to catch it as all three of them cheered. The smell of overcooked pancake tore Elodie away from the scene. Ten minutes later, she called them in for breakfast, having set out everyone's plates ahead of time. Sirius was the first to come in, and after a look at what she'd done, he pulled her away from where she was wiping the counter. "Wha-" Elodie was interrupted by a searing kiss. Sirius walked her body back to the wall and had her breathless in seconds. Only Harry's delighted voice on seeing what was on his plate pulled Sirius away from her. "You are brilliant. Thank you," he whispered in her ear before bounding over to the table like he was the same age as his godson. "Harry has a Snitch pancake, I have a Quaffle, and- Elodie, did you overcook that one on purpose just so it would look like a Bludger?" Remus asked her as he handed her the syrup. "No, I charmed it dark, should taste the same, but that is a good idea, I'll have to do that next time," Elodie said. "It's great, thank you," Harry said. "So what happened at the meeting after we left?" Sirius asked. Remus started coughing. "Albus has a plan, or more accurately, a Plan, with a capital P," Elodie said, her voice full of amusement at Remus's reaction. "Will they need to put this house under Fidelius?" Harry asked, sounding worried. "Hopefully not," Remus said. "But, I wouldn't worry. His plan is actually fairly simple. It involves some lying, which I suppose includes you, Harry." "Oh, I didn't think about that part," Elodie said. When Remus didn't say anything further, she sighed. He was deferring to her, which she supposed was fair- he wasn't the one who was going to pretend he was in a relationship when he was actually involved with someone else, after all. It should be her news to break. "As you probably guessed, there are some issues with Sirius's fugitive status. When you had Muggle guardians, the magical laws didn't apply, but now they do. Sirius is your guardian, thanks to spells cast by your parents and Sirius when you were born." "So that supersedes anything the Ministry would try?" Sirius asked. "Yes and no," Remus answered. "They don't know that you are safe and have a place for Harry to live, and they don't know that Albus knows that, either. As far as they're concerned, you're living in the Brazilian rainforest and have no idea about Harry's guardianship. Everything they're doing right now is assuming you're out of the picture." "I assume part of the lying will be saying I don't know where you are, then," Harry said, smiling at Sirius. "Part of it, yes," Remus said, looking uncomfortable. Elodie decided to try to be as clinical as possible. "They need guardians for Harry. The lawful guardian is considered disqualified at this point, primarily because they don't know his location, and secondarily because they think he's an insane mass murderer." "Misunderstandings happen," Sirius shrugged. "Albus said that it was suggested that a well respected Pureblood family ought to have the chance to raise Harry as one of their own-" "My arse!" Sirius interjected. "Language," Remus said. "I apologize, Elodie," Sirius said. "Sirius," Remus shot a look over at Harry, whose smile was quickly becoming a grin. "Right. Sorry, pup," Sirius said diffidently. "He doesn't mind, I'm sure!" "I'll mind for him," Remus said. At the same time, Elodie said, "That's not the point!" She and Remus looked at each other, and Elodie could feel herself blushing even as she saw Remus's ears turning red. Sirius looked back and forth between them, his forehead wrinkling in suspicion. "Go on?" "Albus was able to persuade Minister Fudge there was a better option for everyone involved," Elodie said. "Remember, the government's position right now is more in line with the Death Eaters than not; they want to keep the return from being public." Elodie didn't go into details, trusting that everyone at the table with her knew she mean Voldemort's return. "Putting Harry with a prominent family just gives him the access he'd need to change minds. That was Albus's argument, anyway. Since he knows you have a place to live, Harry was always going to need to be with you. So his solution was to present a less prominent couple as guardians." "You and Sirius?" Harry said, his expression hopeful. "No," Elodie said. "That would be ideal, but-" "It's Remus! That's the big lie! Oh, Merlin. Did he burst into flames right there in the meeting?" Sirius said, his voice loud and full of mirth. "Oh, Moony. Fate is a right bitch to you, isn't she?" "Language!" Both Elodie and Remus said, as if on instinct. "I'm sorry, I'm sure the two of you are having litters of kittens over this, but it really is perfect." Sirius continued as if no one had corrected him at all. "So Professor Dumbledore told Minister Fudge that Elodie and Professor Lupin are a couple, and can adopt me?" Harry said, looking very pleased. "And because both of you already live here, I can stay, with Sirius? That's brilliant!" "It's 'Remus,' Harry, and yes, that seems to be the compromise," Remus said gently. "Obviously I am not happy with the need to lie, but the alternatives were not ideal." Elodie knew how Harry felt about Draco Malfoy, so she couldn't resist adding, "The leading contender was Malfoy Manor, in case you're wondering how much effort you're willing to put into the lying part." Harry stared at her in horror. "I've never seen a happier couple than Pro- err, Remus and Elodie, in that case. Made for each other," he said, his eyes still wide. "Yes, well, you don't need to start practicing now," Sirius said. "Eat up!" He reached over and prepared a forkful of pancake so large that Harry wouldn't be able to talk for a few minutes at least. He then changed the subject to talking about Quidditch, and Elodie just sat back and enjoyed listening to everyone's enthusiasm. There would be more fallout, she knew, but Harry was the focus right now, as he should be. I'm leaving 'Angst' out of the tags for a reason. There'll be canon-typical stuff happening, but despite some sad moments, the story will be primarily romance, humor, and slow burn. Thanks for coming along!
