Hello! So I started something vaguely similar a few weeks ago, but someone made a very good point about OCs, and honestly, I like this better. I have a few chapters written, but am not entirely sure on the updating schedule. It will be at least weekly though. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own six copies of Sorcerer's Stone, but not Harry himself Chapter 1 The Great Hall was filled with ghosts, but not the ordinary kind. No, these were the worst kind of ghosts. They walked, talked, breathed. Nevertheless, they were ghosts. They were Hermione's ghosts. The flash of a camera drew her eyes to the mess of unsorted first years. Colin Creevey was capturing everything he saw. She found it suddenly hard to breathe; he was so small. Colin had been underage when he'd died, just a few weeks shy of seventeen. But at least he hadn't looked young. Now he just looked tiny, so tiny she could almost forget they were the same person. But only almost. Albus Dumbledore sat decked in purple robes, glistening eyes beneath his half-moon glasses. She'd spoken to him often enough the past few weeks that, usually, she could forget the image of his crumpled body. But as he chatted with his murderer—was it still murder if you asked for it? —As he chatted idley with his murderer, Hermione couldn't forget his empty eyes, or the secrets his twinkling gaze hid. And then there was the murderer himself— Severus Snape, the man she'd never quite forgiven, and never quite hated either. He was being right foul at the moment, sneering at the Gryffindor table and the obvious space next to a certain bushy haired girl. But that girl, that girl was the worst ghost of all, because Hermione knew her. She knew her every thought, her every word, and yet, Hermione had never felt further from someone in her life. That girl, that child, was Hermione Granger, but she wasn't Hermione. She wasn't eating, too busy worrying about her friends, but she didn't actually know what it was to be scared. She was too young, too naïve. Too… Hermione, in her infinite vocabulary, still couldn't find the right word. Or perhaps she was simply terrified of naming whatever it was she'd lost over the years. Professor Snape rose from his seat, no doubt going to investigate where Harry and Ron were. Hermione knew exactly how that would end, and hesitated. A part of her was desperate to go with him, to snatch up the opportunity to see her husband and best friend for the first time in a month. But she knew it was a terrible idea. The two children attempting rather disastrously to sneak into the feast late were not her husband and friend. They were children, just children, and while Hermione couldn't help but love them desperately, she knew it was best to accept from the start that she'd never see her husband and friend again. It would be odd for the new Defense Against the Arts professor to go chase down two students she hadn't met yet. Especially with the memory of Voldemort invading the school through her predecessor so fresh in everyone's minds. Never mind that Dumbledore was already suspicious of the witch who'd appeared out of nowhere hours before he'd given the position to Lockheart. If she wanted to accomplish anything—and Hermione always wanted to accomplish a great deal—she needed to have patience. She could meet Harry and Ron the same time she met all her other students. Then her work could begin. Harry and Draco had been fighting, Hermione knew it the moment they got to class. Perhaps she just knew her best friend too well, or maybe it had something to do with the Slytherin muttering about 'filthy half-bloods, blood traitors, and Mudbloods'. "Fifteen points from Slytherin, Mr. Malfoy. And a detention with me tonight." she snapped, though it wasn't as satisfying as she might have expected. Maybe it was because Draco was so young. Even after the war, Hermione had never forgiven the bully. He'd stood back while Bellatrix tortured her. How could anyone listen to her screams and do nothing, scared or not? Maybe he'd deserved to go free, but he hadn't deserved forgiveness. Especially when he'd never asked for it. But this wasn't that cruel and self-serving man she'd known in 2005. This was a child who'd been taught awful things his whole life. It almost made Hermione feel bad for him, though, admittedly, saving Draco Malfoy from his own prejudices wasn't high on her list of things to change. Especially when he gaped at her. "You can't do that!" Now, perhaps, she felt the slightest bit of satisfaction. "Yes, Mr. Malfoy, I can. I will not tolerate slurs in my classroom, is that understood? And that goes for all of you as well." She resisted the temptation to look only at the Slytherins. It only really applied to them, but Jean Watson had never attended Hogwarts. She wasn't supposed to be biased towards any one house or another. And even if Hermione knew that would be difficult, she thought it was probably for the best. She'd never expected to become a teacher. (Much like she'd never expected to fall twelve years back in time). Still, now that she was a teacher, her pedagogical philosophy could be summed up simply—If Umbridge or Snape did it, she wouldn't. And Snape's blatant bias towards his own house was a known fact. And besides, the Gryffindor's didn't seem upset by her accusing gaze. They actually seemed impressed. Young Hermione was beaming, and Harry and Ron exchanged a not-at-all-subtle look of awe. Neville looked a bit peachy, but Hermione hoped she'd be able to earn his trust soon enough. After all, helping Neville Longbottom realize his potential years earlier was high on her list of priorities. He deserved it more than anyone. Hermione smiled to herself, then took a deep breathe. The whole situation was so strange, wrong in so many ways it almost felt right. And now there was nothing left to do but what she'd come there for. "Well, that was not how I'd intended to start our year, but I hope you'll all agree it was necessary... Now to start. You are here to learn how to defend yourselves from the Dark Arts, and do you know why?" Young Hermione's hand shot into the air, and her older self cringed internally. Merlin's Beard, she'd been a bit atrocious. The rhetorical nature of such a question should have been obvious. Hermione—Professor Watson—would have pretended not to notice and just carried on, but then few of the other students snickered. Suddenly, an old wound she'd thought was long healed had reopened and shamed burned in her breast. No, not shame. Her younger self hadn't actually done anything wrong. It was embarrassment, the kind of horror that came from knowing you'd once-again misread the situation in your eagerness to be good. And Professor Watson didn't have it in her to let the lesson be learned in this way. She just didn't. "Yes, Miss Granger, is it not?" If Hermione found it odd that her new professor already knew her name, she didn't give any sign. Instead, she answered brightly, "We need to be able to defend ourselves because the world is dangerous." Professor Watson smiled. Lucky they really were the same person, because Hermione had just read her mind. "Exactly, Miss Granger," she replied, though she resisted the temptation to offer points. "You need to be able to defend yourselves because the world is dangerous. And, ideally, you'll never be in a situation where you need to use what I've taught you, but you might be. Besides, you'd be amazed by how many every-day uses defensive spells can have. For example—expecto patronum!" A silver terrier burst from her wand, stopping Hermione's heart. She hadn't tried to cast the charm since going back, but she would never have expected it to have changed form so radically. Grief threatened to overwhelm her, and the patronus began to fade, but then her gaze fell to Ron. He wasn't her husband, and never would be now. Still, she loved him, had loved him, even at this age. And that love spurred on the patronus, until the dog was lively enough to dash around the room. A number of the students gaped, and Lavender Brown gasped, "I want to pet it!" "Unfortunately, Miss Brown, that isn't possible. However, who can tell me what a patronus charm can do. Does anyone know?" Hermione didn't raise her hand, and she was frowning, clearly upset by her lack of knowledge. Instead, it was Theodore Nott who raised his hand. Professor Watson was a bit surprised, having never really paid the boy much mind while still at school, but called on him anyway, "Yes, Mr. Nott." "They ward off dementors, don't they?" It hurt her a bit to do, but Professor Watson fought away the desire to be spiteful, "Yes indeed. One point to Slytherin. They also would work against a lethifold." She noticed a few blank faces among the muggle-born students, and even Ron, so she added, "Those both being dark creatures. You can find more about them in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find them. Now, though, I'm wondering if anyone knows or can think of other uses for the patronus, something that is not inherently defensive, but could nevertheless be useful." There was a lot of blank looks, which Professor Watson found a bit frustrating. Finally, though, Harry raised his hand. "Uh, well you could use it as a light, couldn't you?" A bunch of students sniggered, and Malfoy hissed, "Scared of the dark, Potter?" "Five more points, Mr. Malfoy," Professor Watson chided. "I won't tolerate bullying either. And, for the record, Harry is correct, so, one point to Gryffindor. Of course a lumos charm would likely be easier than a patronus for creating light, but it is a valid non-defensive use. Can anyone think of another?" Neville hesitantly raised his hand, so nervous his arm seemed to shape. Professor Watson, and everyone for that matter seemed surprise, but the professor beamed, "Yes, Mr. Longbottom?" "They can send messages, can't they? I think my gran received one once." Professor Watson couldn't have been prouder if Neville was her own child. She could hardly remember him ever willingly answering a question in anything but herbology. But good on him. "Yes, exactly. Patronus charms can carry messages far faster than an owl, and have the added benefit of being impossible to intercept. One more point to Gryffindor." "My point, then, is clear. I hope you all learn a great deal in this class so you can defend yourself should it be necessary, but even if it isn't, I hope you all work hard because defensive spells can be as useful as you let them to be. Now, as my predecessor was more apt to practice the dark arts than to teach, we're going to begin with a short refresher." Quite frankly, she wasn't sure what they were supposed to know. Hermione's own education had been so lacking in defense, each professor taking their own spin, that she wasn't even sure there was a curriculum. Still, when she thought about her best Defense teacher, it wasn't Lupin that came to mind. No, it was Harry, and if there was one spell they needed to know… "Everyone stand up and find a partner," she ordered, waving her wand. The furniture began to move even before the students had finished getting up, which put a fire under most of them. Soon enough, the classroom was cleared and everyone had formed two different groups. "This is so exciting. We've never had a practical defense class before," Professor Watson heard her younger self mutter. It wasn't just her though. Even the Slytherins looked begrudgingly excited. All except for Draco who was too busy smarting over the lost points and detentions, that is. "Alright, everyone copy after me, it's not a difficult wand movement," Professor Watson began, waiting until they all more-or-less had it down. Then she added on. "Now, the incantation is ex-Pel-lee-ar-muss, and what will happen depends on how much power and intent you put in. Ideally, the spell just knocks the wand out of your opponent's hand, but if you're not focused you can send them flying. And while that may seem preferable, it's no good tossing someone across the room if you don't manage to get their wand off them. So, everyone have a partner?" As an afterthought, she conjured padding for the floor. Then, Professor Watson said, "Alright, everyone get to work and I'll be walking around to help. If you need me before I get to you just flag me down." Her students seemed a bit flustered to be left to their own devices, and for a moment, Hermione wondered if this was a bad idea. They were only second years, after all. It was difficult to remember back that far, but Hermione knew they certainly hadn't done much practical work in Lockheart's class—not after the pixies, at least. Was it safe to let them practice like this, or was she being utterly irresponsible? It was hard not to worry, but as she began her rounds, none of the students seemed to be endangering one-another. It probably helped that she'd let them pick their partners instead of paring them up. House rivalries only made practical lessons dangerous. Still, the worst that she noticed was students struggling. Even during the DA, Neville had struggled with the spell, so Professor Watson wasn't surprised to find him looking nervous. Luckily he'd partnered up with Hermione, who, admittedly, picked up the spell quickly, but was controlled enough in her actions not to send Neville flying. Whack! Professor Watson cringed as Ron went flying across the room, landing in a pile of Slytherin girls. They laughed hysterically, and the boy's face turned as red as his hair. Both Hermione's and Harry dashed over to see if he was alright, but luckily, he'd landed on one of the mats. "You might want to see Madame Pomfrey for a Bruise Potion," Professor Watson suggested, offering him a hand up. "And Harry, you'll want to focus more on your intent while casting so it doesn't just throw him about." Harry didn't say anything, but Hermione piped up, "Actually Professor, Harry wasn't the one casting. It was Ron's spell that rebounded. His wand's all broken, see?" Professor Watson did see, and she sighed. Of course, how could she have forgotten? Ron had spent his entire second year with the Spellotaped wand, and it had caused no number of problems. Hermione flushed a bit as she remembered one incident in particular; Ron had only spent hours vomiting slugs because he'd defended her. It made her heart ache for her husband and their love, but she pushed it aside. This Ron was cute in the way any red-haired, freckled-faced, twelve-year-old boy was cute. But he certainly wasn't her husband, and honestly, that wasn't very difficult for Hermione—for Jean Watson—to accept. "Well, then, perhaps we need to look into getting you a replacement wand," Jean cautiously suggested. She knew, of course, that the Weasleys couldn't afford a new wand for Ron. Still, it was no wonder he'd struggled to learn when he didn't have a functioning wand. Actually, the same thing could even go for Neville. If she remembered right, he was using his dad's old wand, clearly a poor fit. (And Neville didn't even have the excuse of poverty; it was just Augusta's own baggage which brought her grandson down.) "But in the meantime, just practice the movements and incantation with a quill. And you, Harry? How are you finding this spell?" "I haven't tried yet, Professor," he admitted with a shrug. Clearly he wasn't expecting to be any good, which she just found amusing. How could she not, though? In just a few short years he'd use the spell to defeat Voldemort himself—though not if Hermione succeeded in changing the future. "Well, as we're now down a partner you can try it on me. No need to look nervous, just on the count of three focus on my wand and cast. One, two, three." "Expelliarmus!" Harry chanted, and without fail Professor Watson's wand went flying. It hadn't been perfectly done. If she'd wanted to, she could have blocked it easily. Still, it was impressive for a first try, and she had to admit that Harry was talented at defense. When she was younger, that had made Hermione burn with jealousy, and even then, she could see a flash of annoyance pass over her younger self. But it was true. Harry was actually quite a powerful wizard and defense had been for a long time the key to his survival. If Hermione did manage to protect him from Voldemort, would she ruin that? There was a part of her that was scared she would. What if by taking away the ax hanging over their heads, Hermione somehow managed to make them learn less? It would be a shame. I won't let it happen. I'll protect Harry, but I'll help him as well. Maybe with a proper teacher he can be even better this time around, she promised. And besides, no doubt her younger self would be keen to join in on any extra lessons. Hermione had always resented how much she'd never learned, and maybe if she taught her younger self along with Harry, maybe that would be almost like getting the chance to do it again. Content in her decision, Professor Watson went back to correcting different students' form. Before she even knew it, the lesson was over and the second years filtered out and her NEWT students filtered in. Teaching them was even more nerve-wracking than teaching the younger students, mostly because Hermione worried she wasn't actually good enough. But even they seemed to enjoy her lesson on countering wandless spells. When the first day of classes was finally finished, Professor Watson retreated to her rooms surprisingly content with everything she'd accomplished. But Hermione Granger, even as Jean Watson, was not about to rest on her laurels. For the first time, she was almost confident in her ability to get through the teaching portion of her job, but she hadn't actually returned to Hogwarts to be a teacher. No, she'd come for an entirely different reason, and she wasn't about to delay. "Miss Weasley, may I have a moment," Professor Watson asked the first year right before dinner. Of all her friends, Ginny was the youngest, and it was downright strange to see the powerful and confident woman she'd known as a giddy and naïve child. Still, she was getting better at not brooding on all that once was, and focused instead on the task. Ginny, for her part, looked nervous. Unsurprising. If one of Hermione's professors had asked to speak with her in private on her first day at Hogwarts, Hermione might have cried. Even if she'd done nothing at all wrong she would have been convinced she was about to be expelled. Especially because the first-year Gryffindors hadn't even had Defense yet. So Ginny had plenty of reasons to be nervous. Therefore Hermione tried to look as open and friendly as possible, even if she knew her smile probably resembled more of a grimace. Still, Ginny followed her, and that was all that mattered. Professor Watson led the girl into one of Hogwarts's many unused classrooms, and then got down to business. Dancing around the matter would only make Ginny more nervous. "Have a seat, Miss Weasley," she told the girl. Then she climbed up on the desk next to it, which probably seemed like an odd thing for a teacher to do. But it was odd enough that it helped Ginny relax, which was the goal. "Professor, have I done something wrong?" Hermione shook her head. "No, or, at least, I don't believe you have done anything wrong intentionally. But I need you to be honest with me. It has come to my attention—and don't ask me for my source—but it has come to my attention that you've found yourself in possession of a rather dangerous magical artifact. Do you have the diary on you now?" Shock, fear, and disappointment waged a war on Ginny's face, but finally, she nodded and grabbed it from her bookbag. Hermione's heart skipped a beat as she laid eyes on the horcrux. It looked so ordinary. So harmless. Who could blame poor Ginny for getting enamored? "I didn't steal it, I swear. I just found it in my books. Is it actually dangerous? I thought it was fun." Ginny looked so defeated, it made Hermione feel terrible. Even if the Professor knew logically how much trouble she was saving the girl, and the school, Ginny didn't. All Ginny knew was she'd been scolded first day and had her fun new toy taken away from her. So Hermione figured she owed her honesty, and besides, when had teachers lying to her ever worked out? "Yes, Miss Weasley, it is. The spell upon this diary allows a person to preserve a part of themselves, much like a portrait would, but unlike a portrait, this memory isn't content as it is. It's like a dementor, feeding on your soul to increase its own power. In the end, it would kill you." And bring back Voldemort in the process, she thought, but left out. Ginny was so young, there really was no point in terrifying her. Already the girl looked properly rebuked and Hermione had no intention of making it worse. "Professor, I'm so sorry. I didn't know. I just found it… I guess I was a bit stupid. My dad always says not to trust things if you can't see where they keep their brain." Hermione wondered how, exactly, Arthur Weasley's astute observation applied to his own flying car, but didn't comment. Instead she reached out, squeezing Ginny's shoulder. "I'm not angry, I promise. I'm just glad that you haven't already fallen under its spell. Five points to Gryffindor for being honest with me. You can head to dinner now." Ginny nodded, standing and grabbing her stuff. But then she hesitated for a moment, and when she spoke, Hermione could see some of her lost friend's spirit. "Professor, someone should probably tell Flourish and Blotts their books have cursed artifacts in them. That doesn't exactly seem legal to me." Despite herself, Hermione laughed. Ginny was young, but she wasn't stupid. "No, it's definitely not legal, and I promise you I'll look into it. Now go, enjoy dinner. And, if you don't mind, try not to tell anyone about this diary, alright? I know it may seem like an exciting story, but you and I both know that your brothers might find the idea of a talking diary irresistible. Lead us not into temptation and the such." Ginny obviously didn't know the Lord's Prayer, but she got the sentiment and nodded. "Fred and George would think it's fun. I won't tell, Professor. And thank you. I'm glad not have had my soul sucked out." The girl dashed off, a spring to her step. Hermione just shook her head, amazed by the resilience of children. If someone told her she'd been walking around with a cursed diary for a month, well, Hermione would have called them a liar or panicked. Probably both. But Ginny didn't question it. She just trusted the adults around her to deal with it, and ran along her way. It was an amazing thing. And it definitely made her job easier. Now for the hard part—convincing the adults of the danger right beneath their noses. She grabbed the diary with the corner of her robes, and started towards Dumbledore's office. It was time she and the headmaster have a talk. AN: I've tried to distinguish time-travel Hermione and child-Hermione the best I can, but if it's ever not clear, please let me know so I can improve it. Thanks for reading!
I am overwhelmed by the positive reception this has received, so all I can say is THANK YOU! For the moment, my updating schedule will be post a chapter whenever I finish a chapter, so probably look for one every-other day or so. Also, if you're enjoying, or if there is anything you want to see happen, please, drop a review. I'm very amenable to people who make me happy, and reviews make me happy. At the moment, I'm trying to lock down the ships we'll see in this story, so definitely drop a review if you have a suggestion. Besides that, thank you again, and enjoy! Chapter 2 Professor Dumbledore was dressed rather boldly for the first day of classes. His purple robes were bejeweled with patterns of sequins, and seemed to flow lusciously around him. For the first time, Hermione idly wondered how no one had ever guessed about Dumbledore and Grindelwald. It wasn't actually important, but Dumbledore was visibly queer in every sense of the word. Perhaps they just all assumed a man his age was sexless, and he probably was, but there was more to him than just eccentricity. Sometimes, Hermione wondered if all the twinkling gazes and ludicrous comments were just meant to hide all his secrets. But now she had secrets of her own, so she understood the desire to hide. "Ah, Professor Watson, what brings you here so early in the term? Not already regretting the posting, I hope." Hermione didn't obfuscate. Instead, she slapped the diary on his desk. For once Dumbledore's eyes no longer twinkled. The dark magic which laced the object was obvious; Hermione could feel the horcrux's dark tendrils reaching out to the cracks in her soul. It slithered in the holes left by the locket, by the loss of her husband, by the many years of struggle in her youth, and suddenly Hermione felt very cold. And angry. Angry in a way she didn't like. Maybe that's why she snapped, "I confiscated this from Ginny Weasley today. Do you know what it is?" Dumbledore's finger traced Tom Riddle's name. "Not a harmless journal, I imagine. Is the girl quite alright?" "She is, but she wouldn't have been had I not noticed her with this." "Is it cursed? Hermione's heart raced. Just how much could she tell him? It was suspicious enough that she'd found the diary, especially if Dumbledore realized she hadn't even had Ginny in class. Still, if Dumbledore had taught her anything, it was how useless secrets were. In the end, everything came to light, and no good decision was made from a place of ignorance. "Not cursed, Sir. It's a horcrux." Dumbledore jerked his hand back to his side, as if the diary had burned him. "You're certain?" She nodded taking a deep breathe. She had to be careful, but she had to be honest, a difficult combination, "I've had the misfortune of encountering them before. I am certain. And I am also aware of just who this 'Tom Riddle' truly is." For a moment, Dumbledore stared at the diary. Then, he shifted his gaze, staring at Hermione instead. It made her squirm. Even at twenty-five, she'd yet to extinguish the part of her that burned for praise. She'd smothered it, finding validation in her numerous accomplishments. Except now it was back, and worse than it had been in years. Maybe it had something to do with being back at Hogwarts, with being back with the Headmaster. Hermione desperately wanted him to approve of her, to respect her intelligence. Instead, Hermione got the very distinct impression that Dumbledore was judging her. And no doubt finding me lacking, swore the voice in her head. Or perhaps it was the voice of the diary;Hermione liked that possibility better. After an eternity, Dumbledore smiled, "Miss Granger, you've grown." Hermione's heart stopped—shit. She'd never intended to reveal the truth. It was too dangerous, never mind that it would mean breaking a dozen laws. And if she had picked someone to tell, it definitely wouldn't have been Dumbledore. He was a genius, certainly, but she couldn't forget the games he'd played with Harry's life. Nor could she forgive. As helpful as Dumbledore's vast knowledge might prove, Harry was the priority. Not because he was the Chosen One. If Hermione could, she'd make everyone forget about the Chosen One. No, Harry was the priority because he was her friend. Because Hermione loved him. And because he was a child, and no child deserved such a heavy fate. But apparently none of that mattered, because Dumbledore had figured it out instantly. Stupid girl! A voice in her head shouted. And this time Hermione sincerely doubted it was just the horcrux's influence. But really, it wasn't fair. Had she made it obvious? Hermione didn't think so. She'd changed her name, lightened her hair, done everything she could think of to hide the truth. And besides, who would ever look at someone and guessed 'time traveler'? Albus Dumbledore, apparently. So what next? Was she best off confessing and letting him take over? The childish part of her said yes. But she wasn't a child anymore, however young and unadapt she felt. She couldn't put this back in his hands; he'd screw it up. He'd ruined things for Harry once and Hermione didn't trust him not to do it all over again. At the same time, could she convince him he was wrong either? Probably not. But she definitely couldn't admit the truth and keep control, could she? This was Albus Dumbledore, after all. And you're Hermione Granger, brightest witch of your age, and Harry's friend. If he can die for you, you can be strong for him. After all, it takes a great deal of courage to stand up to your enemies, and a great deal more to stand up to your friends. Dumbledore is often wrong, but not always. "Yes I have, Professor," Hermione Granger told him, not blinking as she drew his gaze. "I don't know why I've been sent back. It wasn't anything I did. But someone, something, wants me here and I'm not going to let this opportunity slip through my fingers. And I'm not going to let three twelve-year-olds fight this battle, not when I can do it for them. I'd warn you not to try and stop me." Dumbledore seemed startled by the ferocity in her voice and he balked, "My dear, what ever have I don't to make you think I would try?" "You…" Hermione faltered. How much could she say? She'd already changed the timeline irreparably, but still, it didn't seem wise to just blab about the future. And if she told Dumbledore too much, she didn't know what he'd do with the information. But if she didn't tell him, wasn't she doing the exact thing he'd always done? "You never trusted anyone. You never trusted Harry. I look at him now, and he's just a child, I know, but he doesn't… he didn't get to stay that way, Professor. He didn't stay a child. And even then, you still wouldn't tell him the truth. You never told him anything, and then you died. No, worse than that—you got yourself killed. You got yourself killed and you hadn't told us anything! Not that you'd asked Snape to kill you, not that Harry was a horcrux. Not that we were burying you with the elder wand! And that, that ignorance, it protected no one." If Dumbledore was surprised by his death or the horcrux in Harry's head, he didn't show it. Instead, he leaned back in his chair, looking up as if in prayer. When he finally looked back at Hermione, there were tears in his eyes. "My dear, those deeds weren't mine, and yet I beg your forgiveness. I am certain I had only the best intentions, but you, evidently, know better than I my many faults, and I know them well. But I beg you not to doubt the faith I have in Harry, and now, it seems, in you." Hermione almost believed him, almost. Time alone would tell if he could truly change. But then, time alone would tell if Hermione could change anything either. For the moment, she could only pray she hadn't become the meddling fool she'd long hated. Her old insecurities lingered. At least Dumbledore had managed to win the war, after all. Now, everything that went wrong, every death, would be on Hermione and Hermione alone. It was too heavy a burden for anyone to bear, and yet Hermione stood tall beneath it. What other choice did she have? Harry had carried the burden once already. It was her turn now. "There's a basilisk in the basement. We'll need its venom to destroy this horcrux—and the other four. We should probably just kill it while we're at it. Not exactly a safe thing to have in a school." Dumbledore didn't say anything, just nodded. Perhaps he was thrown by Hermione's quick turn, or the possibility of Voldemort having split his soul into six pieces. Hermione didn't bother telling him that, in her time, it had been eight. "There's also the part of him which possessed Quirrell. I don't know what happened to it between then and when Pettigrew resurrected him." That got a rise out of Dumbledore. "Peter Pettigrew is dead." Merlin's beard, Hermione had completely forgotten about Sirius. If Harry was there, he would have killed her. "Sirius is innocent. Peter was the Secret Keeper . Peter killed those muggles… I'll need to do something about that." Dumbledore held up a hand, no doubt sensing her impending spiral. "I imagine, my dear, that there is a great deal you must deal with. But I wonder if it's wise to change too much too fast. For the moment, we have the advantage of your foreknowledge. If we lose that, I fear what may happen." He was right, but still, it made Hermione cringe a bit. "Professor, you can't be suggesting that we leave an innocent man in Azkaban." Dumbledore blushed bright red, clearly realizing that that was exactly what he'd been suggesting. Now that she pointed it out, however, he shook his head, "Of course not. As Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, I can best assist in this matter. We'll need Pettigrew to prove it, though. You wouldn't happen to know where he is, would you?" "He's here at Hogwarts. As Ron's rat." She felt slimy just thinking about it. Pettigrew, a grown man and murderer, had slept with Harry and Ron for three years. It was disturbing. "The Weasleys seem to have quite a pension for finding that which had better remain lost, haven't they," Dumbledore dryly noted. It was just an offhanded comment, but it stopped Hermione in her tracks. Huh. It was odd that of all the wizarding families in the world, Pettigrew had ended up with Harry's best friend. She didn't see how it could be anything besides a coincidence, but it nagged at Hermione never-the-less. Dumbledore misinterpreted her sudden silence, but nevertheless offered quite a wise suggestion. "By my understanding, there is no immediate threat. Perhaps you had best take the night to write down everything you recall—and everything we should hope to change. Tomorrow, we can determine how to capture Pettigrew without alerting him to our suspicions." Hermione nodded, but didn't move. It could definitely wait and yet, it nagged at her more than anything else. "Professor Dumbledore, Sirius is going to want to adopt Harry." Dumbledore clearly didn't like that. "Surely Harry would prefer to remain with his aunt and uncle. They are his family, after all." Hermione shook her head, "That's the thing, Professor. They're not his family, not really. Blood doesn't make a family. The Dursleys are terrible to him. Harry still won't talk about it and he hasn't seen then in eight years. Wards or not, you need to let Sirius take Harry. They'll both be happier for it—and safer too." Shadows passed over his gaze, sure sign of just how troubled he was by everything Hermione was telling him. To his credit, though, he nodded, "We'll see. As you said, it is not a pressing matter. We'll have to free Sirius first and you'll find the Ministry can be quite reluctant to recognize embarrassing truths." Ha. As if Hermione didn't know that quite well. "Alright. As you say, it will take time, but not too much, I hope. For now, I'm going to go write my list then. Hermione rose much lighter than she'd been upon sitting down. She was still concerned that Dumbledore's meddling might make things worse, but it was nice to share the weight. Hermione was a leader of sorts, but it was nice not having to be. "Just one more thing, Professor Watson," Dumbledore called out to her. "I should hope you don't intend to tell Harry all of this. He is just a child. We wouldn't want to burden him with such knowledge." Half of her whole-heartedly agreed; half shouted that this was exactly the kind of thing they'd despised the first time around. It wasn't right or wise to keep secrets. And yet… yet it wasn't right to tell Harry either. He wasn't a sixteen-year-old who'd watched his friends and godfather die. He was twelve, just barely twelve, and probably thought the whole mess with Quirrell had just been a grand old adventure. Certainly that was what Hermione had thought. None of them had had any idea that the threats would just keep coming. "I won't lie to him. He's stronger than you imagine… but anything I'm doing, I'm doing for him. I'm trying to spare him pain, so if I think he's better off not knowing, I won't tell him. But I get to make that decision, not you." He nodded in concession, though his words sent shivers down my spine, "Very well, my dear. For now, Harry's fate—and that of the wizarding world—shall be in your hands." As Hermione set about trying to plan for a better future, she wished desperately she'd let Dumbledore take over. The future, she quickly discovered, was complicated. Certain things she wanted to accomplish were obvious—preventing Voldemort's return, for one. But the how of the matter was proving complicated. The ink of her quill dripped, forming a large blob as she tried to decide how to destroy the horcrux in Harry's scar. Horcrux's were tricky things. The vessel had to be completely destroyed for you to have any hope of destroying them. But without the blood connection to Voldemort, killing Harry wasn't an option. Hermione didn't know how they'd bring him back. She bent over her desk, the edge of her quill tickling her nose. It was a problem she'd have to continue to ponder, but only one amid a long list of threats to the wizarding world. And then there was the other list, the one Hermione needed to toss in the fire and let burn. Still, the selfish part of her couldn't do it, and her eyes scanned it once more. 1.Make sure you and Ron end up together a.And are as close to Harry 2.Get Remus and Tonks together so Teddy is still born 3.Get Harry and Ginny together so James is born They were stupid things to worry about, but still, Hermione worried. She'd lost everyone she loved, but maybe, just maybe, things could still work out in the end. If her younger self could have everything Hermione had lost, maybe she'd be able to live with that. But if the cost of defeating Voldemort was the children she loved so dearly… Hermione didn't know she could live with it. She thought of Teddy's smile, the way he'd always turn his hair red at Christmas and pretend to be just another Weasley. And then there was James, her godson. She'd sworn to protect him, to guide him. Hermione couldn't risk his very existence! Perhaps it was better never to be born than to die, but to Hermione, to Hermione it would feel the same. If James was never born, Hermione might as well have killed him herself. She scanned the list once more, then tossing it in the trash (but not the fire). She resisted the urge to immediately retrieve it and instead turned back to the real list, the one that hundreds of lives depended upon. It was actually quite short, which no doubt meant it was bound to go disastrously wrong. There were just too many pieces for her to predict. And that was assuming she could change things. Something had sent her back—surely she was there for a reason. But could she really alter the future or would the prophecy win out. Was Harry truly the one who had to defeat Voldemort? And if he was, would Hermione simply make things worse? A knock sounded upon the door, making her jump. Then there was silence, so Hermione thought she'd imagined it— until it sounded again. "Come in." The door swung open and Hermione was shocked to find a nervous looking Draco Malfoy standing in her doorway. Oh, right. She'd forgotten about the detention she'd assigned. It was strange. Hermione had come to Hogwarts for the purpose of stopping Voldemort, but she wasn't just pretending to be a teacher. When she assigned a detention it meant something. "I'm sorry, Professor, but you hadn't given me a time," Draco muttered. It was so strange. She scanned her memories for a time she'd heard Draco mutter but came up empty. He'd been humbled by his time as a Death Eater, but even during their eighth year, Draco had been confident. Now he just looked nervous. And who could blame him? Hermione was no longer a bookish muggleborn he could pick on. She was his teacher and had the power to make his life quite miserable. There was a small, spiteful part of Hermione that wanted to do just that, but she fought it back. Instead, she pointed to a nearby desk, "This is just fine, Mr. Malfoy. For your detention I want you to write me an essay on what you gain, and what you lose, by being unkind to your classmates." He stared at her like she'd grown a second head. Hermione couldn't fight off her smirk, but then, she didn't need to. "I am quite serious, Mr. Malfoy. I am aware of the rather antagonistic relationships you have with a number of students. I want to know is why. You're both a bright boy and a proper Slytherin, surely you can put that mind to good use and outline the benefits to your current behavior. And what you might gain by at least pretending to be kind. I can give you some examples to start. By calling muggleborn students slurs, you gain the esteem of your housemates. At the same time, you've created an enemy of not only a powerful young witch, but her friends as well—one whom, I'm sure you know, holds an ancestral seat in the Wizengamot." The boy continued to stare at her, clearly convinced this was some sort of prank. But as Hermione turned from him, he finally got to work. Meanwhile, she decided to add one more item to her list of things to change. 4.Save the Slytherins from themselves
Thank you for your continued support, and don't forget to review if you enjoyed it. It makes me so happy. Chapter 3 The familiars of the second-years were having a bad week. First, they'd been used for transfiguration practice. While Hedwig had made quite a beautiful water goblet, Harry also thought it was a bit cruel. So he was definitely worried when the notice went up on that they were to bring their familiars to Defense Against the Dark Arts on Friday. While the first class had been, quite frankly, incredible, Harry was nervous about whatever Professor Watson had planned for their friends. Hedwig could fly, but Scabbers wouldn't do so well if he got expelliarmus-ed across their classroom. "You know, I really should look into getting a pet myself," Hermione noted for the dozenth time since the announcement had been posted. "I always thought of them as a bit of a luxury, but clearly their important to our studies." "Maybe you can owl order an owl." Ron rolled his eyes, but Hermione was oblivious, pondering it while biting her lip. Finally, she admitted, "I don't think I really want an owl though. I don't have anyone to write to, and they have to stay up in the owlery. Maybe a cat? I could ask Mum and Dad to buy me one for my birthday, but it's coming up so soon. And I really think a pet is something you need to pick out for yourself, isn't it?" Ron seemed at his wit's end with the conversation, though Harry wasn't sure why. Hermione went on and on about things sometimes. Actually, it was one of the things Harry liked about her. It gave her character. Speaking of characters—Professor Watson strolled through the doors like a woman on a mission. She had the exact same expression as Hermione did whenever she was heading to the library. The comparison made Harry smile, but it was fitting. Actually, Professor Watson actually reminded Harry of Hermione in a number of ways. They had the same eyes, same nose. Of course, Professor Watson lacked Hermione's trademark teeth and bushy hair, but besides that, there was a resemblance. And the professor radiated a certain intensity that Hermione, even at twelve, had perfected. Except with Hermione it made her seem a bit like a know-it-all, whereas for a teacher, for a teacher it was just impressive. Still, an odd feeling settled over Harry when he noticed just how intensely she was studying them. Especially when her gaze fell upon Ron. The woman seemed to still, her face blank and calm, but a certain terror clear in her eyes. "Harry? Are you in there, Mate?" Harry turned to Ron, blushing. This was what daydreaming about teachers got him. "Sorry. Did you say something?" Ron went to repeat himself, but before he could, the doors to the room slammed shut. Professor Watson walked down the aisle, handing Draco Malfoy something that looked like a heavily marked up essay. The boy blushed brightly—a good look for the deathly-pale boy—and stuffed the parchment into his pocket. Already Professor Watson had turned back to the room, casting spell after spell on it. Hermione had her notebook out and was trying to copy down the incantations phonetically, but Harry didn't bother. Something told him that these spells weren't the lesson, and besides, he was terrible at piecing together what his professors said when casting. Hence how he'd spent half of transfiguration saying 'fera verto' and not 'vera verto'. It didn't matter anyway, because Professor Watson was soon done and turned back to the class. She smiled, but Harry couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. Almost on reflex, he reached up to his scar. It didn't hurt, not the way it had around Quirrell. This feeling, though, the feeling that something was about to happen, it was exactly how Harry had always felt around his old professor. It made him nervous. He didn't think Professor Watson had Voldemort on the back of her head, but he hadn't thought Quirrell did either. It was hard to trust any of his professors after that. Still, Harry didn't want to become a suspicious old grouch, so he tried to put it aside. "I swear we'll start a more orderly curriculum soon," Professor Watson seemed to find that funny for some reason. "But today, we need to talk about a topic Professor Quirrell, for obvious reasons, never introduced—how to detect a threat." Her eyes drifted to Harry when she mentioned Quirrell, and it caused the boy to blush. How had she found out about what happened? Dumbledore had told him the whole school knew what had happened, but Harry had discovered that wasn't actually true. None of his classmates—excluding Ron and Hermione—seemed to really grasp that it hadn't just been Quirrell trying to steal the stone. It had been Voldemort himself. And that terrified Harry. Maybe that was why he hadn't corrected any of his classmates. Why he hadn't said anything to anyone—Harry didn't want anyone else to be scared as he was. Or maybe he just didn't want anyone to know he was scared. "Mr. Weasley," Professor Watson called. Ron hastily covered the doodle he'd been drawing, but she didn't mention it. Instead, she pointed her wand at Scabbers. "May I borrow your rat for my demonstration?" Harry knew Ron well, so he knew his friend didn't actually like offering Scabbers up as a lab rat. Still, you didn't exactly say no to a teacher. Professor Watson scooped up the rat in her hand, handling him rather roughly. Harry scowled; there was no need to hurt Scabbers. "Who can tell me what kind of dangers this rat—Scabbers, is it—might present?" Harry thought hard. Professor Watson wasn't like most of their other professors. Usually it was easy to know the answer, all you had to do was have read ahead the night before. Harry always read ahead, at least when he wasn't too busy with Quidditch. That didn't mean he ever raised his hand, though. Hermione liked answering questions in class; Harry hated it. Everyone stared at him enough because of his scar. He didn't need them thinking he was a know-it-all either. And while Harry loved Hermione, even he could admit she was a bit of a know-it-all. But even Hermione struggled to answer Professor Watson's questions, mostly because she couldn't find the answer in a book. And Hermione was clever, properly clever. Still, she always looked a bit bitter when a professor asked a question she didn't know the answer to off the top of her head. Harry actually liked it better. Professor Watson's questions were odd, but they were interesting. How could Scabbers hurt them? Gregory Goyle tentatively raised his hand, and everyone in the room turned to stare. Harry's eyes bulged from his head. Goyle, Goyle, raising his hand to answer a question in class? It was unheard of. It was impossible. And yet… yet Harry was witnessing it firsthand. He exchanged a look with Ron. Even Professor Watson seemed surprised, but she called on him. "Yes, Mr. Goyle. You have an idea?" For a moment, Goyle's mouth hung open, as if he wasn't quite sure what to do now that he'd been called on. But slowly he suggested, "Uh, he could bite us." Ron and Harry both snickered, remembering just the time that had happened. Even Malfoy seemed to smirk, which was kind of cruel. Still, Professor Watson looked impressed, "Yes indeed. A point to Slytherin then. While it's unlikely a rat would maul you, you could get diseases which could be quite dangerous. Anyone have any other ideas of ways Scabbers could be a threat?" Everyone was silent, thinking deeply, but then Hermione's eyes lit up. She leaned forward in her seat, shooting her hand into the air. "Yes Miss Granger?" "He could be animagus, like Professor McGonagall." Ron scrunched up his face. "Scabbers isn't an animagus, we've had him for years. What sort of person would hide as a rat for eleven years?" Something flashed across Professor Watson's gaze, something Harry couldn't quite define. But he put it down to the fact that Scabbers had begun to struggle, clearly not pleased by the direction of the conversation. Harry expected Professor Watson to let the rat go and pick up a different test subject, especially when the creature bit her. Instead, though, she just gritted her teeth and forced out a laugh. "Well, we've proven he's willing to bite. Why don't we prove he's not an animagus next? Does anyone know the spell?" If anyone had, they wouldn't have said it. Even Hermione was too distracted by the fight Scabbers was suddenly putting up. The rat thrashed about wildly, like he was having some sort of seizure. Be bit Professor Watson again, this time drawing blood, but she just held him tighter, dangling him by his tail so he couldn't bite her. "Stop it!" Ron shouted. "Can't you see you're hurting him?" Professor Watson looked at Ron sympathetically. "I'm not doing anything, Mr. Weasley. He just doesn't seem to like this lesson. Veritas revelio!" A blue light flashed from her wand. Suddenly, Scabbers began to writhe. Harry thought Ron was right and she had hurt him, but then, then something strange happened. Scabbers seemed to grow, doubling in size, then tripling, until he was too big for Professor Watson to even hold. And then it got odder, because he wasn't just growing—he was changing. His mousy brown hair shrunk back until it was only a mop on the top of his head. His face shrunk, becoming something round and pudgy. A number of the girls screamed, or maybe it was the boys. There, standing in front of the class, was not a rat but a man. A full-grown man. He bit his nails like a rat. His eyes dashed across the room. Then, he looked right at Harry and began to run. Harry didn't have time to react, he just shielded his face with his arms, certain the man, whoever he was, was going to kill him. "Stupefy! Petrificus totalus!" The man froze in place, then flopped to the ground like a dead fish. Harry breathed a sigh of relief; his classmates panicked further. Most of them dashed towards the doors, and shrieked when they found them locked. Someone, Harry thought it was Draco, shouted, "She's going to kill us all!" Meanwhile, Ron ran towards the man, voice trembling, "What have you done to Scabbers?" Harry frowned. He wasn't quite sure what had just happened, but there was one thing he did know. He followed after Ron, grabbing his friend and dragging him away from the unconscious man. "Ron, whoever that is, it's not Scabbers." Ron pulled away from Harry and shouted, voice higher than a girl. "Of course it's Scabbers! You saw her! She's done something to him." "I'm sorry about this," Professor Watson sighed. Then she raised her wand high, "Silencio maxima." A hushed silence fell over the room, though mouths still moved. Ron looked so upset that he seemed ready to throw himself at Professor Watson. Harry was ready to fight too, but there was something in Professor Watson's eyes, something that made him want to hear her out. "Everyone return to your seats and I'll reverse the spell." She waited a long time, staring each and every one of them down. Ron was the last one to obey, so Hermione dragged him back to his seat. He continued to glare at their professor though, even as she lifted the curse. "Professor, what's going on?" Malfoy cast a nervous glance at the unconscious man. "Who is that?" Professor Watson crouched down next to the man, feeling his pulse. Then she stood, brushed off her robes like there wasn't an unconscious man on the floor of her classroom, and declared. "I have my suspicions, Mr. Malfoy, but I don't know. I had not actually expected to discover one of your familiars was an animagus." Harry wasn't sure if he believed her or not, but he couldn't think of any reason she'd have to lie. Besides, she'd never even seen Scabbers before. Ron normally left him in the dorm during classes. There was no way she could have known about him. It was just a very, very strange coincidence. It had to be, didn't it? "Scabbers isn't an animagus. He's a rat." Harry turned to stare at Ron. He didn't know how he'd feel if Hedwig suddenly turned into a lumpy man, but Ron was just being delusional. Obviously Scabbers was not a rat. "I'm sorry, Mr. Weasley. I wish I had better news for you. Now, he's properly unconscious, so I will unlock the doors. Please return to your Common Rooms in an orderly manner. I won't ask you not to speak of this because you wouldn't listen, but try to keep the rumors down, won't you? We don't know anything at the moment." "Professor, shouldn't someone get Professor Dumbledore? It can't be legal to hide in a school like this." For some odd reason, Professor Watson seemed to find Hermione's words amusing. Still, she nodded, casting the silvery dog of her patronus and telling it, "Please inform Professor Dumbledore that we've had an incident." Harry had never heard of the Patronus Charm before Monday, but he was certain he wanted to learn it. The silvery creature was beautiful and filled Harry with a warmth. Just being in its presence made Harry feel like he'd just had a nice cup of hot cocoa. Plus he wanted to know what form his own would take. After sending the Patronus, Professor Watson cast a few more spells on the man, then flicked open the doors. Many of their classmates, particularly the girls and the Slytherins, dashed from the room. Neville followed close behind. Only Ron seemed legitimately hesitant to leave. "Come on, Mate. I still have some Chocolate Frogs we can open," Harry suggested, grabbing his friend's shoulder and leading him from the room. Ron cast him a helpless look, then turned to glance longingly at the-man-who-was-not-Scabbers. "Do you think he'll be okay?" "Don't worry, Mr. Weasley. I'll take care of him," Professor Watson promised, and yet, Harry had a sneaking suspicion that she didn't mean that in quite the sense Ron would hope. "I hate her." Harry thought Ron's declaration was rather drastic personally. He didn't know what had happened during Defense Against the Dark Arts, but he did know it probably wasn't Professor Watson's fault. He wasn't certain of that, though. Especially not as the three of them gathered on the floor near the window. The Gryffindor Common Room was particularly busy for a Friday night. Usually the first Friday back to school the upper-years would go out—where they actually went Harry wasn't sure. But that night everyone was too busy gossiping to get ready. As for the topic of conversation, it wasn't hard to guess. The words 'animagus' and 'Watson' seemed to be particular favorites. "Really. I hate her. Who does she think she is coming in and casting curses on our pets. Scabbers never did anything wrong." Hermione bit her lip. "You have to admit—it does look bad." "Exactly. Thanks 'Mione." Harry blinked. Hermione always defended their professors, even Snape. Was she really taking Ron's side. "She was just doing her job." Hermione shook her head, "No, I mean it looks bad for Scabbers. I've never heard of a spell to turn a rat into a person. I don't even think it's possible; humans are too complex. Face it Ron—Scabbers is an animagus." Ron scowled at her, "You're only taking her side because she's a professor. You agree with me, don't you Harry?" Harry was torn. He always hated it when Ron and Hermione made him pick between them. Usually if they disagreed about something, Hermione was right, but she didn't expect Harry to back her up the way Ron did. Ron always got very bitter when Harry didn't agree with him. But still, Harry liked Professor Watson, even if there was something very odd about her. And he couldn't deny that what Hermione was saying made a lot more sense than Ron's conspiracy. Why would Professor Watson turn a rat into a person and accuse it of being an Animagus? She'd have to be nuts! "Sorry, Ron." Ron huffed, but before he could say anything else, something remarkably strange happened—Percy Weasley came and sat on the floor with them. Now Harry liked Percy, he supposed. At the very least he didn't dislike Percy. The older Weasley could be a bit of a prat, and he wasn't fun like Fred and George, but he wasn't bad either. Still, the prefect had made it very clear from the start that he was too busy to have much to do with his younger siblings. He'd check in on them, read them the riot act if they stepped out of line, but nothing else. He hadn't even wanted to be with his family at Christmas, and while Harry didn't have a family, he knew you were definitely supposed to be with your family at Christmas. And ultimately, Percy had seemed to have fun last Christmas. But he hadn't begun hanging out with his siblings after. And he'd certainly never sat on the floor with them. "I need you to tell me exactly what happened with Scabbers. All these rumors, they're just absurd. Scabbers is a rat, not an animagus." Harry suddenly remembered that, like everything else, Scabbers was a hand-me-down. He'd been Percy's for nine years. Of course the teen would be unsettled by what everyone was saying. "That's what I've been saying. We would have known if a grown man was living in our house for 11 years. Living in our beds." Percy looked positively disgusted by the possibility, but clearly hadn't ruled it out like Ron had. Maybe he was just older, more used to the insanity that was magic. Or maybe he was just too logical to make any decisions without the facts. That was something Hermione understood well, so she launched into an explanation for him. "Professor Watson was trying to show us how to identify threats, so she cast a revelio to demonstrate how you would identify an animagus. But then Scabbers turned into a man and she stunned him. It was quite impressive, actually." "Are you talking about Professor Watson?" Ginny Weasley plopped down between her brothers, ignoring Harry for the first time since they'd met. "She's very strange… Promise not to tell Mum and Dad if I tell you something?" Harry, Ron and Hermione gladly agreed. Percy hmphed, "I'll do no such thing. If it's something they need to know, I have to tell them. Has something happened between you and Professor Watson?" Ginny looked nervous, but finally nodded. "First day she tracked me down, which was strange because I hadn't even had Defense yet. But she tracked me down and asked me about a diary I had. I don't know how she even knew about it, but she did, and she told me I was lucky she had known. Apparently it was cursed. I thought she was nuts and was ready to go to McGonagall. But I actually feel a lot less tired now." Harry was surprised. How could Professor Watson have known about this diary if she hadn't even had Ginny in class yet? Had she been able to sense the curse from a distance? Harry wasn't sure if that was possible, though clearly Professor Watson was powerful, so maybe it was. Percy glared at Ginny, "Since nothing happened, I won't tell Mum, but you should. You're very lucky you didn't get hurt." "I know! That's why I really like Professor Watson. But it's just… I used to play dress up with Scabbers when you weren't looking, Perc." Ron gaped. "Bloody Hell! That's why I found that miniature dress." "Is Percy wearing dresses again?" Fred—or perhaps George—asked, plopping down. Harry and Hermione exchanged a look. They didn't think they'd ever seen all the Weasley children sitting together in the Common Room. "We're talking about Scabbers. Apparently he's a middle-aged man." "Oh yeah, Peter Pettigrew." They all froze, turning to stare at the twins. Percy was the one who seemed to regain his wits the fastest. "You knew he was an animagus?" "Not an animagus. We thought he was a Maledictus, you know, someone cursed to turn into an animal permanently. We tried all sorts of things to make him become human but none of them worked." Harry frowned. He wasn't quite sure what the twins were talking about, but it definitely sounded odd to him. Percy, however, just looked affronted. "Of course he wasn't a Maledictus. Everyone knows only women can be Maledictuses! I cannot believe you never told anyone. That's so irresponsible." "Hang on," Hermione interrupted, waving her hands rather frantically. "How did you know he wasn't just a rat in the first place?" Fred and George exchanged a look, then patted Hermione on the head. "Wouldn't you like to know, little witch?" Percy fumed. "You either tell us or you tell Professor McGonagall. This isn't some sort of prank. There was a grown man in my bed!" He said the last bit a bit too loud and everyone sitting nearby turned to stare. A few of the seventh year girls looked both horrified and strangely intrigued. It made Harry blush. "We'll never give up our source," Fred proudly declared. "Journalistic integrity!" "Please," Ginny smirked. "You've never written a news article in your lives." Percy continued to press, the issue, but Harry knew the twins would never break. They had, however, made him realize something important—he had his own ways of discovering secrets. He nudged Ron and Hermione, than pantomimed pulling a cloak over himself. Hermione got it instantly, Ron, not so much. Finally though, he followed Harry from where his siblings sat arguing. "We can go to Dumbledore's office and find out what's happening!" "Harry, we can't break into Dumbledore's office and spy on him," Hermione hissed. "We'd be breaking a dozen school rules. Never mind it's rude. How would you like someone sneaking into your room?" Ron and Harry both gave her a look, and Harry reminded her, "That's the thing. Someone did sneak into our room and we want to know who." Ron nodded, "There is something odd about Professor Watson! How did she know about Ginny's diary? Maybe she's the one who cursed it." "Don't be absurd. Professor Watson is a teacher." Harry felt a little bit bad for Hermione. She just opened herself up to all sorts of disappointment with an attitude like that. "So was Quirrell and he tried to kill me. We're not sneaking into Dumbledore's bath. Ron deserved to know; Scabbers was his rat." It was clear that Hermione didn't like the idea. It went against everything she believed in. And yet, she believed in her friends more than anything else, so, finally, she nodded. "Go get the cloak." AN: I had way too much fun addressing plot holes in this chapter, so sorry if it got away from me a bit. I just think they're funny. Anyway, hope you enjoyed.
Sorry I haven't updated sooner. I've been having a rather rough few days. But the encouragement and support has helped me get through it and back to writing, so all I can say is 'thank you'. Enjoy! Chapter 4 Hermione suspected she was being spied on. She had no proof, of course. The problem with Harry's invisibility cloak was that it was not just a cloak, It was the cloak, a Deathly Hallow, and therefore undetectable to even the most powerful of spells. So there was absolutely no way for Hermione to know if Harry was spying on them. Except she knew Harry, and she knew herself. The little scene she'd made in class had guaranteed the whole school would be buzzing with rumors. Unfortunately, it had been unavoidable. She and Dumbledore had spent the whole week trying to think of ways they could reveal Pettigrew. It should have been easy, but nothing ever was. There were just so many things to consider. If Pettigrew knew what was happening, he might flee. Or, if she made it too obvious, he might ask questions about just how Professor Watson had known his secret, and just who she really was. Hermione had already been too bold with Ginny and the diary. Ginny, at least, was eleven; no one would listen to her if she noticed how odd things were. But if Hermione had her way, Peter Pettigrew would soon find himself with a very, very public trial. There couldn't be anything odd about his arrest. That was how she'd come up with her plan to catch him, and how she ended up spending her Friday evening in the Headmaster's office with the Minister for Magic. And Merlin's beard—she'd forgotten what an idiot Cornelius Fudge was. "But he can't be Peter Pettigrew. Pettigrew died! Black obliterated him! All we found was a finger!" "All due respect, Minister," Hermione interjected. She loved that expression; it worked perfectly for people who weren't deserving of any respect at all. "All due respect, Minister, but, isn't it quite unreasonable to look at a single severed figure and assume there is absolutely nothing else left?" Amelia Bones hid a snorting laugh. Fudge looked flabbergasted. "Who are you again?" Hermione was beginning to wonder if Fudge had serious brain damage, or if he just physically couldn't process information which contradicted his position. Dumbledore seemed unconcerned, or maybe he was just used to it, "Professor Jean Watson, Minister. She was the one who discovered Pettigrew hiding as a student's rat. And I assure you, Cornelius, it is Pettigrew. I knew him well and he is even missing a finger. The one you found, no doubt. In return, he seems to have gained something else." Fudge shook his head, "What are you blabbering on about? What did he gain?" They'd "offered" Pettigrew a rather effective sleeping drought, so he currently lay unconscious on the floor of the Headmaster's office. Hermione knew they could keep dancing around things, or they could get to it. So she picked the latter. She went over to the sleeping traitor and proudly displayed his left arm. "A Dark Mark, Minister. That's what he gained. Not for hiding from Black, but for betraying the Potters to Voldemort." Even Director Bones looked nervous. Fudge gasped. "Now, now, young lady. I'd ask you not to use that name in front of me." "Fear of the name only increases fear of the thing itself," Hermione and Dumbledore chastised in unison. Then, they blushed in unison as well, though Dumbledore looked quite proud of her. Fudge continued to splutter, but Director Bones was a woman made from stronger stuff. The Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement rose from her seat, inspected Pettigrew's mark, and made the first rational conclusion of the night, "Then Sirius Black was innocent all along." "Now Amelia, don't be ridiculous!" "Au contraire, Minister, I believe she is quite correct. I myself testified that Black had been the Potter Secret Keeper, but it seems quite clear that the Potters tricked even myself. It was Pettigrew who betrayed them. Pettigrew who killed all those muggles. Sirius Black is an innocent man who must be immediately released." Fudge's face had turned the color of a plum. "Now hang on a minute, Albus. Even if Pettigrew was a Death Eater, that isn't to say Black is innocent. They were friends, were they not, the closest of friends. No doubt You-Know-Who approached them both. Why Black could even have attacked Pettigrew because he'd led You-Know-Who to the Potters and gotten him killed. There is no doubt in my mind that Black killed those muggles. He confessed!" Hermione wanted to scream. She liked to think she was stubborn, but the good kind of stubborn. Hell or high water couldn't turn her away from doing what was right, doing what was necessary. But Fudge… his stubbornness came from misplaced arrogance. He honestly believed he was right and it was simply frightening. At least Director Bones was reasonable, "Perhaps you are correct Minister. It is difficult to know why Black would have confessed had he not done it. Still, the murder of Pettigrew must be voided since the man is, quite obviously, alive. Perhaps the matter of the other murders should also be revisited. We may need him as a witness against Pettigrew, and it would be nice not to have any surprises from the man while he is on the stand." "An excellent idea," Dumbledore proclaimed, smiling widely. "And perhaps we can see if either would voluntarily submit to Veritaserum." "Black went through Auror training," Fudge dismissed with a wave. "He would know how to resist." Hermione couldn't bit her tongue any longer and snapped, "But Peter Pettigrew has the brains of a pea, so surely he doesn't. Honestly, I can't believe you're so obstinate you'd allow the head of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black to sit in Azkaban without even a trial." Fudge opened his mouth. Then shut it. He looked quite a bit like a fish in Hermione's opinion. It would have been funny had he not been the Head of Magical Britain. But when he spoke, it wasn't to remind her of his status. Nor even to continue arguing against her. Instead, he sounded almost frightened, "Head of House Black? But he was disinherited was he not?" Dumbledore shook his head, "Not legally, no. And with Lord Arcturus dead last fall, that would make Sirius Head of House." Fudge paled. Quite frankly, Hermione didn't get why that of all things had put him over the edge. Of course she knew House Black held a Wizengamot seat—Harry had inherited it after Sirius's death—but still. Surely Fudge didn't care about one Wizengamot seat compared to the innocence of a man. Merlin's beard, who was she kidding? Of course he did. Innocent men didn't hold votes of no confidence. Ancestral lords did. Suddenly, Fudge stood, wiping off his robes and trying to regain some semblance of dignity. "Well then, I hope I can trust you, as Chief Warlock, to call an emergency session in the morning to settle this matter. I'll escort Mr. Pettigrew to Azkaban for the night, and see that Mr… that Lord Black is removed from the care of the dementors, at least." Hermione hated how quick he'd been to change his tune, but at least Sirius would be free. She wasn't quite sure how that would change things, and a part of her wondered what kind of influence the man would be on Harry, but still, he was innocent. He deserved to be proven innocent. And Harry deserved a family, even one in the form of a reckless godfather. "I shall come with you if you don't mind, Minister. To ensure the anti-animagus wards are secure. We would not want Mr. Pettigrew to exploit this weakness in Azkaban's defenses." Hermione cringed. This was why she did not like telling Dumbledore about the future. It wasn't the irreparable damage to the timeline she worded about—it was the hidden jokes. "Oh, well, that's not necessary… But if you instead, I surely don't mind. Come along, Amelia… and thank you for your assistance, Miss Wartson." Hermione bit her tongue hard; Director Bones cast her a sympathetic gaze. Quickly, though, Dumbledore and Fudge had dragged Pettigrew through the floo, and Hermione was left alone. Or well, apparently alone. "Five points from Gryffindor—from each of you—for unlawful supervision." "Oww! Ronald that's my foot!" Hermione, young Hermione, hissed. Then, from out of nowhere, the trio appeared. Professor Watson had to hide her grin. Was it strange to be proud of yourself? Definitely. Still, she was. It was definitely not smart for the three of them to wander around spying on people, but it filled her with a sense of excitement, of purpose, unlike she'd felt in a long time. Back then it really had all been harmless fun. For her, at least. And for Ron. From the look of dread on Harry's face, that wasn't true. It took Hermione a moment to realize why, but once she did, her heart dropped. Of course! How could she be so stupid? Harry had flipped the last time he'd discovered his parent's had been betrayed by a friend. He'd been devastated, and who could blame him? Jean sighed, "Mr. Weasley. Miss Granger. I think it's time you both head back to the Gryffindor Common Room. Mr. Potter and I need to have a talk." "But!" little Hermione protested, shut up only by the stern look of her professor. Slowly, though, loyal as always, she pushed, "But Professor, I really think Harry wants us here." "Yeah, don't you Harry?" Ron prompted, physically nudging his friend. (As if that was subtle). Harry looked torn. His eyes darted between his friends and the dying floo. The grief in them was palpable, overwhelming almost. He was so young! It hurt Hermione to see such pain in eyes so young. Harry didn't deserve this. He didn't deserve any of this. But that was why Hermione was trying to make it better, truly trying. Anything to make it hurt a little bit less. But it was clear that, momentarily, having his friends around was only increasing the pain. Hermione knew herself, and she knew that while Ron and little-Hermione wanted to support their friend, they were also just curious buggers. They wanted to know, to be a part of, everything. But they weren't. This was really none of their business, at least not in the way it was Harry's. And if they really wanted to support him, and Hermione knew they did, then they would need to learn how to step back. It had been the hardest lesson for her to learn but in the end, it was for the best. Sometimes the best way to support someone was to give them space. But only sometimes, which was why Hermione was sending the second years away, and not about to let Harry out of her sight. "Unfortunately, this isn't up to Harry. Common Room or it will be detention for you both and you'll return to the Common Room." Ron and Hermione looked desperately to Harry, but there was a hint of relief in his eyes. "It's alright. I'll catch up with you." "Take the cloak," Professor Watson suggested. "Snape is on patrol and he'll give you detention for breathing." That got a chuckle from the children, and Ron and Hermione disappeared. A moment later, Hermione realized that by giving them the cloak she had no way of guaranteeing they wouldn't continue to follow her and Harry. Still, she trusted her younger self to have a healthy enough regard for the rules to keep Ron in line. And for the moment, they weren't her main concern. "Come on, Harry. I'll make you a cup of tea and we can talk." Professor Watson seemed to know just how Harry liked his tea, and honestly, the boy wasn't surprised. There was just something about her that felt all-knowing. It was slightly intimidating, but for the moment, Harry enjoyed it. It was nice to not have to say anything at all. Harry was worried that if he opened his mouth to ask for sugar, he might burst into a million questions—or tears. Helplessness and anger rose in his chest, threatening to overwhelm him, but Harry pushed them down. He tried to focus instead on his surroundings. He'd assumed they'd go to Professor Watson's office behind her classroom, but she'd led him even further, past a bookcase he hadn't known was fake, into what looked like a very cozy apartment. There wasn't much in the way of decorations, no photographs lining the mantle, just a single framed ring. Still the apartment looked lived in. There was a blanket strewn across the couch and empty mug on the side table, right next to pile of books. Harry expected them to be fancy textbooks on dark magic, but when he caught the title, he realized one of them was Ronald Dahl's Matilda. Harry had never read it, the Dursleys forbid books about magic, but still, he knew it was a children's book. It was so odd to imagine a teacher enjoying it. Professor Watson caught him staring, and smiled, "Have I told you I'm muggleborn? I was nine when I first read it and I sat on the floor of my room trying to make my books fly. What do you think happened?" "They flew?" Much to Harry's surprise, Professor Watson shook her head, "No, they didn't. Perhaps one or two budged, but nothing visibly magical. And I was so disappointed. Of course I knew, or I thought I knew, that magic wasn't real. But still, I'd so hoped it would be. Magic, adventures, prophecies, danger—they all seemed so fun in the stories I'd read. I wanted that for myself. But my books didn't fly, and I resigned myself to living in a logical universe. And then, two years later, Professor McGonagall showed up on my doorstep and said I was a witch. Don't ever believe we live in a logical world, Harry. It will always find a new way to surprise you." The unpredictability of the universe should have frightened Harry, but instead, the prospect lifted his heart. If the Universe truly was as strange a place as she said, then that meant anything was possible. "Do you understand what you overheard tonight?" Harry bit his lip. He didn't exactly feel bad about eavesdropping, not when they'd been discussing his parents. But still, he knew it was wrong, and he did feel bad about disappointing Professor Watson. Mostly, though, he didn't know what he felt. He didn't understand what they'd been talking about, not really. He got that Scabbers—Pettigrew—had helped kill his parents. Beyond that… He nodded anyway, not wanting to seem stupid. But as always, Professor Watson saw right through him. It was almost like she'd had years to learn when he was lying. "It's alright that you don't, Harry. By my understanding, the adults in your life haven't been particularly forthcoming with information. There is a lot your professors just assume you know. No one else on staff is muggle-born, I don't think. And honestly, people don't like talking about what happened with your parents, but that means you've never had a chance to learn. You mustn't feel ashamed of that. I want you to feel free to ask me anything, and I'll answer the best I can." Harry knew that, he did. Still, it was nice to hear it from an adult. Since coming to Hogwarts he'd been surrounded by new things. Every day, a new spell, a new potion. There'd never been time to slow down and ask simple questions like "Do we have a Prime Minister?" "End of last year, I asked Professor Dumbledore why Voldemort targeted me. He told me I was too young to know. But do you… do you?" Something flashed over Professor Watson's face, a mix of surprise, grief, and fear. It made Harry wonder if he really wanted an answer. But he knew, deep down, that he needed one. Professor Dumbledore said he was too young but Harry didn't feel young. "You must understand something, Harry. Professor Dumbledore cares about you, a great deal. He was very close to both of your parents. He remembers when you were born and when he looks at you, it's hard for him to forget that. So he doesn't tell you things, because he doesn't think you're ready to hear them. And honestly, I'm not sure you're ready to hear them either but…" She trailed off, and then was silent for a long time. Harry could see the war waging behind her eyes. There was something she was fighting with, something dark and scary. It made Harry want to tell her it was okay, that he didn't need to know. He almost did, but then she shut her eyes, and spoke, "It's impossible to be certain how much time any of us have, Harry. And you don't need to know everything at once, but it also feels wrong to lie to you. So, yes, I do know why Voldemort wanted to kill you. And I will tell you...but only if you really want me to." Harry blinked in surprise. Did he want her to? Harry didn't know the last time someone had asked him what he wanted, not when it came to something important, at least. There were just too many things he had to do—chores, homework, fight Voldemort. But what did he want? He wanted to play quidditch and be with his friends. He wanted to succeed in his classes and learn magic. But did he want to know why Voldemort had tried to kill him? No, not really. But still, this felt like one more thing he had to do, whether he wanted it or not. And maybe Professor Watson was smart, but surely she'd never understand that. "I think I need to, Professor." "That's not the same thing, Harry," she softly reminded him. "But knowledge… knowledge is power. So I'll tell you, just generally though. There is more to it than this, but it's not safe to tell you. There are many wizards who are skilled in legilimency, what you'd think of as mind-reading, and until you're old enough to learn occlumency, it's best you don't know everything. Is that okay?" Harry really didn't understand why she cared what he thought so much, but he definitely liked it. "If you think it's best." A wistful smile, and then she nodded. "Thank you Harry. I appreciate your confidence… Now, as to the question of why Voldemort wanted to kill you, it is, at it's core, very simple. Voldemort was afraid. He'd been told by a certain follower of his, Death Eaters they're called, that a child had been born who could be a threat. He didn't know the details, or even if it was true, but he needed to kill someone anyways for a dark spell he was trying to do, so he chose to kill two birds with one stone and went after you… You should know other children were also targets around this time. The Longbottoms went into hiding the same day your parents did." Oh. Actually, Harry thought. That's not so bad. He'd been worried that there was something really terrible about him that had made Voldemort want to kill him, but if the Longbottoms had been scared too, that made him feel slightly better. Only slightly, though, because it occurred to Harry that he had no idea what had happened to Neville's parents. He lived with his Gran, after all, so did that mean they were dead? Was his classmate an orphan too? If so, Harry felt horrible. Everyone treated Harry like he was special when all that had happened was his parents dying for him. If the same thing had happened to Neville… "But Professor, if my parents were in hiding, how were they found? Is that… is that where Pettigrew comes in?" Professor Watson nodded slowly and the knot in Harry's stomach returned. Oh. "What happened?" "There is this spell, it's called the Fidelus. It's a very difficult, and very powerful, protective ward. It lets you hide a building in plain sight. You could be standing in the middle of it and not know it's there. The only way you can see a place hidden by the Fidelus is if you're told the address by what's called a Secret Keeper… Peter Pettigrew was your parents' Secret Keeper. He was their friend, or so they thought. But he told Voldemort where they were and then, when Voldemort was banished, he panicked. He faked his death, killing 12 muggles in the process, and then hid as a rat named Scabbers." Harry clenched his fists, fighting back the urge to scream. How could he do that? How could anyone betray their friends? Harry would die for his friends. Merlin's beard, he'd die for Draco Malfoy and Harry hated Draco. It just wasn't fair. And why had his parents trusted someone like that? It was all their fault. If they'd only been smarter. If they'd only… Professor Watson got up from where she sat and pulled Harry into a tight hug. It surprised him at first. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been hugged. Probably the end of last year, when Hermione had hugged him on the last day of term. Actually, that was the only time Harry could remember being hugged at all. It felt strange. Good, in a certain sense. Warm and comforting. But a part of him was nervous. He wanted to escape, to run. What if hugging was just a trap, a chance for someone to hide their face and stab him in the back? Professor Watson pulled away, but continued to hold Harry's shoulder's tight. Their eyes met, and her chocolate eyes seemed to stare into his soul. But it didn't make him feel nervous or judged. No, it made him feel safe. Loved, even, which was a silly thing to get from a teacher. "Listen to me Harry. Remember how I told you I wasn't going to lie to you?" He nodded. "Good, then know this isn't a lie. It wasn't your fault Voldemort killed your parents. And it wasn't your parents' fault either. The blame lies with Pettigrew and Voldemort, no one else. Do you understand?" He did. Logically, he did. Still, the anger and grief which coursed through his body was too great to just disappear with a hug and a few kind words. But maybe, just maybe, he could hold them back. Maybe Professor Watson's words were like tape, just strong enough to piece his soul back together. Except there was one more piece that Harry wasn't quite sure where it went. "But Professor, if Pettigrew did all that then who is Sirius Black?"
Wow. I'm just floored by all the encouragement. Thank you. I'll be honest, this isn't the most exciting chapter, but I just had too much fun playing with fanon and politics. ! Anyway, enjoy! Chapter 5 Sirius Black turned out to be Harry's godfather and the boy had never been so happy in his life. A godfather, a real, live, godfather. Quite honestly, Harry wasn't sure what godfathers actually did. He knew Marge was Dudley's godmother, though, and she gave Dudley all sorts of gifts, so maybe it would be like that. One way or another, Sirius Black had been friends with his parents, best friends with them, even. And that was all Harry cared about. Also, godfathers felt like family, and it was nice to know Harry had some family of his own. Harry had stayed up very late on Friday night explaining to his friends everything Professor Watson had told him. Then, the next morning, he was awoken early by Professor McGonagall, told to put on his nicest robes, and come to the Headmaster's office. Now Harry didn't have any nice robes. The only robes he had were his school ones, and they were all a year old. Still, he used water to smooth out the folds in the robe which seemed the least faded, then dashed to the Headmaster's office. Only as an afterthought did he realize that Ron and Hermione would be upset that he'd gone without them. Still, he rationed, this probably had something to do with his godfather (godfather!) so really, it was none of their business. Not that he minded his friends tagging along with him, they were his friends after all, but Harry didn't want to miss this chance to meet his godfather by dawdling to explain things to them. So as the sun's rays peaked through the windows, Harry stood in the Headmaster's office, surrounded by adults talking about him. "He's too young," Mrs. Weasley insisted, reaching out and squeezing Harry's shoulder. He knew it was supposed to be a motherly, comforting act. Still, it felt a bit like she was squeezing the air from his lungs. "I, for one, think Potter is at just the right age to learn what awaits miscreants," Snape sneered. If Harry was confused as to why Mrs. Weasley was there, he was even more baffled by Snape's presence. At least Mrs. Weasley didn't hate him. Professor Watson glared at Snape, then pointed out the obvious, "Luckily, it's not up to you. Per the law, the only people with any real authority over Harry are Sirius Black himself, as Harry's godfather, and Professor Dumbledore, who stands in loco parentis for all Hogwarts students. Mr. Black being in no position to make this decision, Dumbledore has, and so Harry is coming. Besides, it's what Harry wants, isn't it?" Harry blinked. Was this what he wanted? Well of course is was. He had a godfather, a real live godfather! He wanted to see Sirius freed as much as anyone, and since it was his parents Pettigrew had betrayed, he wanted to see justice done there too. Besides, it was just the Ministry of Magic. What could be so scary about that? "I want to go." Professor Dumbledore clapped his hands together smiling widely at Harry. "Then this matter is settled. Molly, I've asked you to join us as a courtesy, Harry did spend a month in your home, but as Professor Watson so wisely pointed out, you are not Harry's guardian. Sirius Black is." Mrs. Weasley seemed none-too-pleased with that. She hmphed loudly, and Harry noticed Professor Watson roll her eyes. It made him grin. Professor Watson was a young teacher, he knew that. Still, it was funny to see a teacher roll her eyes. Harry did not think he'd ever seen a teacher do that before. "At this rate, none of us will get there before they lock the door," Professor Watson reminded them. "And since Snape has the Veritaserum, that could prove to be quite a problem." "Ah, yes, yes," Dumbledore babbled. "Into the floo, then. Harry, have you used the floo before?" He nodded, though neglected to mention the difficulties he'd had in doing so. Mrs. Weasley clearly remembered them, though, because she continued to frown. Or maybe she just disliked the situation. Harry didn't know why she would. Wasn't it good if he had a godfather? As wonderful as the Weasleys had been to let him stay with them last August, they weren't his family. They were Ron's family. And there were so many of them that the Weasleys certainly didn't need an eighth child dragging along. Better he have someone of his own. Like his godfather, who despite never having met, made Harry filled with glee. The whole gaggle of them stepped into the floo, handfuls of powder in their hands. Harry hadn't known multiple people could floo at once, but he trusted that they weren't about to all get set on fire. "Ministry of Magic," Dumbledore announced, the others quickly chanting it. Not wanting to be left behind, Harry tossed his powder and shouted the words. The world seemed to spin, and Harry watched with amusement as they passed dozens of fireplaces. The floo made him dizzy in a way flying a broom never had, but it was funny to look into people's houses. You could tell a lot about a person by what was in front of their fireplace. As they whirled about, Harry spotted a few cats warming themselves, a fat old man sleeping in a chair, and two people he was fairly sure were naked. Maybe that was why he landed with a bright blush to his cheeks. The landing was rough, and Harry struggled to right himself, jostled on every side by his companions. Immediately, he felt a woman's hand on his shoulder. He looked up, prepared to thank Mrs. Weasley, but found Professor Watson instead. For some reason, that made him blush deeper. She didn't notice though. In fact, she hardly seemed to notice she was holding onto him at all, even as she guided him from the floo. "Visitors aren't supposed to enter through the floo," she whispered in her ear. "But it's better than the visitor's entrance. This way you can keep your wand. Still, don't use it unless you have to. Best not to attract any more attention than is necessary." Harry wasn't quite sure what she meant at first, but then he realized people were staring at them—at him. He wondered why, and then remembered he was famous. But still, how did they all know who he was? It was early in the morning, so there weren't too many people about. Everyone they passed though, turned to stare, as if they were hoping they could see the scar through his bangs. It made Harry nervous and he flattened his hair the best he could. He hated it when people stared at his scar. It was just a scar, just a reminder that his parents were dead. Yet people looked at it, looked at him, and seemed to ooze joy, not pity. Of course he hated it. The worst day of Harry's life was the best day for everyone else. Except, perhaps, Sirius Black. Harry followed his professors through the ministry, noting their quick pace probably had something to do with him. He was in part grateful, though he also wished he had more time to take in the sights. The Ministry of Magic was beautiful. Harry hadn't even known there was a magical government until a few weeks back, but he'd expected it to be something small and disorganized. This however… hundreds of tiles lined the walls. A grand statue stood in the center of the atrium, surrounded by floating fires and fountains. Best of all, there was magic everywhere he looked. Paper airplanes flew about giddily. Witches stood in pairs, chatting as they ran wands over their hair. It was beautiful and overwhelming at the same time. Or maybe it was beautiful because it was overwhelming. Harry wasn't entirely sure. They led Harry through the elevators and then down a flight of stairs. Professor Watson seemed to rush Harry from level nine to level ten in such a manner that even Dumbledore seemed surprised. But then she said something with her eyes, something Dumbledore understood, and they moved on. Harry didn't understand it, but wasn't given time to dwell either. They came to a stop in front of two large, imposing doors. A chill seemed to seep out of them. It wasn't the kind of chill which made his body cold, however. No, it was the kind of chill which settled in the pit of his soul. For a moment, Harry wondered if he'd ever be happy again. He wondered why he should even want to be happy again. Surely happiness was just a lie. "Expecto patronum," Professor Watson whispered, and a her little silver dog jumped from her wand. Warmth filled Harry, and he wondered, slightly giddy, if the dog had a name. He knew the perfect name for it after all, even if it was a bit simple and childish. Hope. The dog should be called Hope. "Stay with Harry," Professor Watson ordered the patronus. Harry didn't understand how a spell could obey her, but it clearly did. The dog ran circles around his feet. Harry had never quite liked dogs, not Marge's dogs, at least, but he liked Hope. He had the overwhelming desire to pet her, but resisted. If it turned out that you couldn't actually touch a patronus, Harry would feel quite dumb for trying. "Jean," Professor Dumbledore sounded a bit flustered. "I doubt the Wizengamot would much approve of a patronus joining us for this trial." "Well, if they want to have dementors floating about, I think they'll much appreciate it. We all have dark memories, don't we? Best to leave them in the past, not let them influence our decisions today." Once again, Harry got the distinct impression that there was much more to the conversation than the words they said. But Harry was a child and therefore used to adults having conversations he wasn't truly a part of. So he let it be. Or maybe he was just distracted by Dumbledore pushing open the doors. The courtroom was filled with people. Each one of them wore the same purple robes and when Harry looked, he could see Dumbledore conjuring the same for himself. Momentarily Harry wondered if he needed to look like that too, but Professors Watson and Snape, as well as Mrs. Weasley, made no move to dress up, so he figured he was fine. He didn't feel fine though, especially not when everyone in the room turned to look at him. The hundreds of beady eyes made Harry feel small. They were looking at him like he was some sort of hero, a legend like Merlin. But he wasn't. He was just a twelve-year-old boy. He felt fake, like a fraud. It didn't matter that he'd never asked to be The Boy Who Lived. He still felt like he was wearing a hat that didn't fit him. "Come on, Harry," Professor Watson whispered, leading him over to a series of benches. They were empty, empty except for one man. His eyes were older than his face, and he was dressed in shabby, old robes. His green eyes grew wide as they landed on Harry, but it felt different from the rest of the crowd. This man made no move to his forehead, gave no hint of wanting to see the scar. Instead, he stared at Harry's hair of all things. "Of course you'd be here," Professor Snape snarled. "Come to see your partner in crime get away with murder once more?" Harry didn't know what Snape was talking about, but he never paid much attention to what Snape was saying. "Leave your pettiness for another time, Snape. Today is about justice, not revenge," Professor Watson snapped and Harry couldn't hide his grin. He'd never seen anyone talk back to Professor Snape before. It was the most wonderful sight in the world, especially because Snape didn't seem to know what to do next. "Harry, this is Remus Lupin. He was a friend of your parents—and Sirius as well," Professor Watson introduced. Mr. Lupin seemed almost surprised that she knew who he was, but Harry didn't ask why. Instead, he held out his hand, blushing slightly, "Oh! It's nice to meet you, Mr. Lupin." For some reason, Mr. Lupin was hesitant to take Harry's hand. But the grief in his eyes, as well as the joy, was clear when he finally did, "I haven't seen you since you were a baby. You look just like your father. Except for your eyes. You have your mother's eyes." He'd heard it before, of course, but it felt different coming from someone he knew had been friends with his parents. It made him beam with pride and ache with loss. He didn't know how you could miss people you'd never known, but Harry certainly did. Dumbledore tapped his wand and the sound resonated like a drum. It made Harry jump, but Professor Watson just pulled him down. Once they were seated, Dumbledore began, "I must thank you all for assembling so quickly and discreetly. It appears there has been a miscarriage of justice and it is this body's solemn duty to right such a wrong. Yesterday afternoon, our second year Defense Against the Dark Arts students were learning how to recognize an animagus, when, much to everyone's surprise, the rat of one Ronald Bilius Weasley, turned into a man, a man since identified as Peter Pettigrew." This whole thing felt very formal to Harry, so he was surprised when people started shouting. "He's dead! "Merlin's beard!" "Bumbling old fool!" Dumbledore tapped his wand again, waiting for everyone to be silent. Then he continued as if none of the (very rude) interruptions had ever happened at all. "As I was saying, this animagus was revealed to be none other than Peter Pettigrew, presumed dead at the hands of one Sirius Black, then heir, now Lord, of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black. Since Mr. Pettigrew is alive, we as a court have no choice but to vacate that conviction. Furthermore, Mr. Pettigrew was found in possession of the Dark Mark, and as such, I, as Chief Warlock, feel we need a full examination of the matter. It is to that end… Yes Lord Malfoy?" Harry hadn't noticed it, but the slimy older Malfoy had lit his wand, as if raising his hand to speak. Once recognized, he stood slowly, using his cane for dramatic effect. "Chief Warlock, as proxy for House Black until my son, the presumed heir, I take these matters quite seriously. I must ask, therefore, why we've been joined in attendance by a child and who it is that has cast a patronus. For, surely you know, it is illegal to perform spells on the floor of the Wizengamot." Harry looked anxiously at Professor Watson. Was she going to get arrested for using a patronus? She didn't seem worried though, which relaxed Harry some. He liked the little silver terrier. It made the room not so cold, and though he had yet to actually see these so-called dementors, he trusted her when she said they were around. "Lord Malfoy, you are, of course, correct. However, Professor Watson has cast her patronus at my own request and she is not, technically, upon the Wizengamot floor. She is in the benches. And so long as this court sees fit to demand the presence of dementors when dealing with Azkaban detainees, I will see fit to defend one of my students in whatever manner I see best. Surely you cannot deny Mr. Potter his right to be here. These matters concern him most especially. However, he is still young, and as such, the patronus is most fitting. Now, if there aren't any more objections…." He didn't actually pause long enough for any more objections to be raised. "Then, as I was saying, due to these recent revelations, I have taken the liberty of summoning Lord Black to this court to provide his version of events. Though he has volunteered to submit to testimony under Veritaserum, his history of service to the auror's office disqualifies him. Still, he will be bound to his oaths the way all of us are. Bring the prisoner forward." The floor shifted, and a large, spiked cage sprung up out of the ground. In it was a man, or Harry thought he was a man. He had long, ragged black hair and a rather frightening expression. He reminded Harry a bit of Aunt Marge's dog Ripper when the creature had mauled a squirrel, and it made the boy squirm. Was this really his godfather? He looked so… scary. He didn't look the way Harry imagined a godfather should. He looked like a criminal, though, maybe, that was not done out of choice. Sirius Black scanned the assembled court disdainfully. Then, his eyes set upon Harry. The boy's heart clenched in his chest. There was something in Sirus's gaze, something Harry swore might just be love. He didn't know if he'd ever been looked at that way before; it made him want to cry. "James," Sirius whispered, then his eyes flicked upwards, and he smiled widely. "Moony." Harry saw Remus Lupin squirm a bit, looking away. The rejection must have stung, because Sirius looked away quickly. Harry, though, found he couldn't look anywhere besides his godfather, even as Dumbledore moved things along. "Sirius Black, you stand accused of the following crimes. One count of conspiracy to the murder of James and Lily Potter and the attempted murder of Harry Potter. Twelve counts of murder for the muggles killed on Halloween 1981, and the attempted murder of Peter Pettigrew that same night. How do you plead?" The man didn't seem to register at first what Dumbledore was saying, and Harry's heart fell. Something was wrong with his godfather. Maybe it was the years in prison. Or maybe he really was a madman. One way or another, something was wrong with him, and if something was wrong with him, then Harry and he couldn't be a family. It crushed him But then Sirius actually spoke, "Attempted… You've found him! You've caught the rat?" "Ah, so you were aware of Peter Pettigrew's status as an unregistered animagus." Sirius waved it off, "Of course I knew. I helped him become one. But you've caught him. Has he been kissed? Has he been executed? I'll see him dead for what he did to Lily and James." Besides Harry, Professor Watson rubbed her temples and whispered, "Stop being a bloody fool and shut up for once in your life." "Mr. Black. I'll remind you that you are on trial and everything you say is being recorded. How do you plead on the aforementioned charges." "Innocent. Of course I'm innocent… well, not of trying to kill Peter. He had that coming though. He killed Lily and James." Dumbledore seemed bitterly frustrated by that. It took Harry a minute to realize why, though. Wanting Pettigrew dead for betraying his parents seemed so obvious, Harry had momentarily forgotten it was still murder. Suddenly, he had a queasy feeling in his gut. Even if his godfather was innocent of all those other deaths, he would still be a murderer. He would still be going back to prison and Harry would have no family all over again. "If you are certain then of your culpability, please, Mr. Black, state for the record the manner in which you attempted to murder Mr. Pettigrew." "The manner in which I…" Sirius shook his head and laughed. "What does that bloody well mean?" Dumbledore sighed, cast one look over at Harry, then looked back to Sirius. "What spells did you cast in order to facilitate the death of Peter Pettigrew on the night of October 31st. Was it the Killing Curse, or something different?" "Oh," Sirius seemed a bit confused and he too looked over at Harry. The boy felt a little bit like crying, but he smiled in encouragement. He didn't think his godfather could be a bad person, so he would support him until the end. "I didn't actually get that far. I wanted him to confess first." Dumbledore sat straighter at his bench and Harry knew instantly that what Sirius had just said was a good thing. He didn't know why, but he didn't care either. "You may wish to know, Mr. Black, that by law one must cast a spell or perform another action with the express purpose of killing another to be charged with murder or attempted murder. So I shall ask you once more, for the record, how do you plead on that charge." "Oh. Then not guilty I suppose. Not guilty on all charges." "This would be a great deal easier if the Wizengamot permitted solicitors," Professor Watson muttered, possibly to herself. Still, Harry and Mr. Lupin both chuckled, and even Mrs. Weasley seemed to agree. No doubt Professor Dumbledore would have as well. Harry watched as the Professor took a deep breath, straightened his robes, then continued, "Very well. Do you have any evidence to support your claim to innocence?" "Why don't you bloody well look at my wand and see all the spells I didn't cast? That is, if you didn't snap it without asking these questions eleven fucking years ago." Mrs. Weasley gasped, reaching out to cover Harry's ears. Professor Watson, however, interrupted her by leaning forward at just that moment. Harry didn't think that was a coincidence and smirked. "Mr. Black, I need not remind you that there is a child in the gallery, do restrain yourself," Professor Dumbledore chided. Then, he turned to someone in the gallery, the woman who'd been in his office the night before. "It just so happens that your wand was preserved by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Madame Bones, if I may… Priori incantato." From out of the two wands came a blistering crack, almost like a gunshot. It made Harry jump, but no one else seemed bothered by it. "Ah, a simple disapparition charm," Professor Dumbledore chuckled. "Presumably to the scene at which he was arrested. But I shall go back one more, for the sake of posterity…" Professor Dumbledore tapped the wand again. This time a baby came out. Not a real baby of course, just an image of a baby. It looked fairly normal, though it seemed to be crying. The only part of it which was strange was the dark light pulsing from the baby's forehead. Harry had never imagined that darkness could pulse, but that was exactly what it looked like. How strange. Idly he wondered, I wonder what sort of spell makes a fake baby with a dark forehead. Harry looked up and he realized that everyone was staring at him once more. Oh. Now he understood. "And a diagnostic spell performed on an infant Mr. Potter, before Mr. Black went to the scene of the crime. Clearly then, Mr. Black neither attacked Mr. Pettigrew or those muggles." "Objection, Chief Warlock. He could simply have performed the spells with another wand," a man shouted, lighting his wand. Harry didn't recognize him, though he looked vaguely familiar. Maybe the father of one of his classmates? He certainly looked like a thin-nosed, overbearing Slytherin. "Recognized, Lord Nott. Though that does seem unlikely as no other wands were found on his person and this wand was. Still, I will rephrase. Clearly Mr. Black did not cast any deadly spells with his own wand, the only wand found with him at the scene. Mr. Black, do you have any other evidence to support your innocence." "Why does he have to prove everything himself?" Harry whispered to Professor Watson. "Because the wizarding world is in desperate need of criminal justice reform. I'll give you a book to read about it later." Harry sighed. That didn't sound like a book he'd find very interesting. Hermione might, though. Maybe he could get Hermione to read it for him and then explain. For the moment though, he'd just go with the simple answer—the Ministry of Magic was just stupid. "You could ask Peter bloody… I mean blimey… Pettigrew. He knows all the truth of it." "Yes, I must say that it does seem confusing to be having these two trials in order," the Minister for Magic grumbled. "Can't we just bring him in, give him the Veritaserum, and be done with the matter?" "Minister, that's not how these things work." The Minister quite literally waved Dumbledore off, instead turning to the assembled court, "All in favor of just getting this over with by bringing Pettigrew in and subjecting him, who has been deemed too feeble minded to resist, to the use of Veritaserum." Nearly everyone in the court lit their wands. Harry sat forward in his seat, excited that they could move it along, but Professor Watson seemed less pleased. She bit her lip and shook her head, "And so this is how liberty dies, to thunderous applause." "Are you quoting a famous author?" "Star Wars, actually," Professor Watson seemed to blush. Harry was just surprised that she knew what Star Wars was. Of course, she was muggleborn. But Harry had never actually seen it himself. He'd heard it once or twice through the slits in his cupboard, but he didn't remember that scene. Professor Watson must really know the movies to be able to quote them. It was impressive and strange at the same time. Harry didn't get a chance to ask her what other famous movies she'd seen, though, because a commotion broke out upon the floor. Peter Pettigrew didn't enter through the ground as Sirius had. Instead, he was bound tightly and brought forward by a pair of guards. He looked pathetic, shaking so hard his chains rattled. But Harry couldn't blame him for being scared, especially as Sirius started shouting at him. He couldn't blame Pettigrew, but he certainly didn't feel any pity for him either. "The Veritaserum has been administered?" Dumbledore asked the guard, who nodded. "Very well then. Mr. Black, please, calm down so we may discover the truth of these matters. Mr. Pettigrew, do you know why you're here?" "I kill, killed Lily and James." Harry had known that already, but still, hearing it aloud, it made his heart clench. His breath seize. Voldemort cast the curse, but this was the man who'd killed his parents. And Harry hated him. Hated him like he'd never hated anyone in his life. In fact, he hated him so much it frightened him. But he didn't know how to fight back the anger. It was all Harry could do to keep from standing up and shouting at the man himself. "Mr. Pettigrew, please state, for the record, what exactly you mean by that. Did you cast the curse that killed them?" "No." "In what manner did you bring about their deaths?" Harry watched the man strain his neck, as if trying to fight the truth serum. But he was just to weak. "I told the Dark Lord their whereabouts." "Were you the Secret Keeper for Mr. and Mrs. Potter?" "Ye.. yesss." "Had you taken the Dark Mark before or after they made you their Secret Keeper?" "After. I got it as a re…reward for telling the Dark Lord their location." "So, you admit to having revealed to Lord Voldemort where the Potters were hiding when you knew he would track them down and kill them?" "Objection—leading," one of the Wizengamot members shouted. Not that it mattered. At that moment, Pettigrew squeaked. "Yes! Yes! Alright? I knew he'd kill them, but he would have killed me too. The Dark Lord would have killed me too if I hadn't told him!" "And did you then proceed to frame Sirius Black for that murder and the murder of twelve innocent muggles?" "Yes!" "Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot," Dumbledore didn't look like the friendly but odd professor anymore. He seemed to ooze power. "Peter Pettigrew is charged with twelve counts of murder, two counts of conspiracy to murder, one count of conspiracy to attempted murder, one count of being a marked member of the order known as the Death Eaters, and one count of being an illegal animagus. All who deem him innocent?" Harry had expected the room to remain shrouded in darkness, but instead, a number of wands lit up. Harry's heart sunk even as he tried to count them. "Why would anyone think he's innocent?" "I doubt they think he's innocent. They just don't wish to see him deemed guilty," Professor Watson explained. Of course, it wasn't much of an explanation at all, but Harry nevertheless understood. They didn't want to deem Pettigrew guilty because they approved of what he'd done. "There are Death Eaters on the Wizengamot?" "There are Death Eaters everywhere, Harry. Now watch. I believe we may have won it." Harry was so startled, he shut up. Sure enough, when Dumbledore called for those who deemed Pettigrew guilty, the room turned very bright. Once again, he couldn't count them all, but Professor Dumbledore clearly could. He seemed almost to smile. "Peter Pettigrew is found guilty on all charges and is to be remanded to an animagus-proof cell in Azkaban until sentencing." "Please! No!" Pettigrew shrieked. "I have names! Names I can give you of Death Eaters. Some in this room. Nott, Crabbe, Goyle, Malfoy, Crouch! Barty Crouch's own son!" "Crouch Junior is dead. And the others have all been cleared by this court by reason of the Imperius Curse," The Minister hissed. "It was a lie. We all know it was a lie!" Pettigrew shouted as the guards dragged him away. "Moony. Padfoot! Help me. Help me! Harry please. Your father wouldn't want this. Pleaseeee." Harry's heart clenched, but no longer with anger. Perhaps there was a bit of him that felt pity for Pettigrew after all. He was fairly certain that made him a bad son, but looking at the sadness in Professor Watson's eyes, he thought it might just make him a good person. "And now, with this in mind, all those who find Sirius Black innocent of all charges?" Dumbledore's gaze spread across the court, and, slowly but surely, every one of them raised their wands. Apparently this vote was not one they wanted to be on the wrong side of. "Seeing as my grandfather is dead, I'll be voting for myself," Sirius quipped. Then he turned and winked at Harry. The boy couldn't have hid his smile if he wanted to, and he certainly didn't want to. "Lord Black, you are cleared of all charges and released with the sincerest apologies of this court for this miscarriage of judgement. Guards, release Lord Black." AN: Oh yeah, this is also the chapter when I went back and changed Hermione to being from early 2005 instead of late 2004 just so I could quote Star Wars. And honestly, I don't regret it at all.
Thank you all again for your support. This chapter was very much inspired by reviews, so I hope you enjoyed, and know I'm always reading your comments and adding new ideas. Chapter 6 Hermione had forgotten how much she disliked Sirius Black. When she was young, she'd found him reckless and rude. She'd tried her best to ignore it for Harry's sake. 'He did spend 12 years in prison," she'd say. "It must be hard to be locked up all the time." Still, Hermione had never forgotten how Sirius, instead of coming to Dumbledore and explaining himself, slashed his way into the Gryffindor dorm and broke Ron's leg trying to get to Scabbers. And now that she was an adult, Hermione knew it was worse than she'd ever guessed. Sirius Black had been twenty-one when he was arrested, and now he was the foremost case of arrested development. Sirius downed his third fire whiskey and even Harry was beginning to look nervous. "Enough of me! Tell me 'bout your pranks Jame… Harry." "Padfoot, perhaps we should call it a night," Remus suggested. Hermione bit her tongue. It was difficult to call it 'a night' at half-passed noon. "I have been in prison for eleven years," Sirius's slow, careful enunciation proved how drunk he was. "I want to hear a story of my godson." Hermione didn't miss the desperate look Harry gave her, but he was also desperate to please. "Ah, well, I tried to get int a duel last year." Sirius's eyes lit up. "Did you win?" "Well, he didn't actually show up. He sent Filch to catch us out of bed…He didn't though." "Coward. Who was it?" "Draco Malfoy. He's a Slytherin." "Ha!" Sirius chortled. "I almost killed his father once. Would have done you a favor, clearly." Remus sputtered. Hermione grimaced. Harry flickered from amused to horrified, visibly unsure how he was supposed to respond. Even Sirius seemed to realize that he'd gone too far, though he didn't exactly take it back. "He was a Death Eater, of course. Trying to kill me himself… Probably his wife Cissy asked him to. She's my cousin." "You're related to Draco?" "You are too, Harry. Good old Grandma Dorea Black. We're purebloods. Everyone loves incest." Sirius tried to drink more, forgetting, clearly, that his glass was empty. Hermione decided enough was enough. The first time around she hadn't been there the day Sirius was released. She didn't regret that now. "Harry, we should really get back to school. It was nice of Professor Dumbledore to let me escort you and your godfather to lunch, but students aren't supposed to leave campus in the middle of term." "Hey! That's my best mate. You can't take him," Sirius scowled, wagging a finger. Hermione just glared. She really, really hated drunk men. "While Harry is in Hogwarts's care, I certainly can," she snapped. "Harry, why don't you go stand by the floo. I'll be right there." He'd looked uncomfortable, so Hermione would have expected Harry to make a run for it given the opportunity. She should have known better, though. Whatever obvious faults Sirius was putting on display, he was Harry's family, and nothing if not loyal. "Professor Watson, isn't Sirius my guardian now? Why can't I stay with him?" Hermione must have looked ready to blow a gasket, though really, she was more upset with Sirius than Harry. Remus, however, had always been a sensible man and stepped in. "Those are the rules of Hogwarts, Harry. It's to keep people from getting terribly homesick. You and Sirius will have plenty of time together come the holidays, and you can write. Come on, I'll show you a spell to make your ink visible only to Sirius or me while Professor Watson and Sirius talk." Harry was still reluctant to go, but he stood. Sirius did as well, pulling the boy into a tight hug and promising he'd write about a way they could get around the rules on family visits. Then Remus led Harry off, and Hermione was left alone with a living, breathing, and drunken, Sirius Black. Sirius glared at her, "He doesn't have to listen to you. You're not his Mum." "And you're not his best mate," she snapped back. Sirius was taller, older, and richer, but Hermione was a teacher. Maybe she'd only been a teacher for a week, but that was enough time to learn how to do righteous indignation well. (Not that she'd really needed to learn.) "Listen to me, Sirius Black. And listen well. That is Harry Potter, not James Potter. Do you understand? He is not your friend. He never will be your friend, and trying to mold him into a replacement for James will only break both your hearts. James is dead. Lily is dead. And that is tragic and I wish, how I wish, that I could fix that too, but I can't. That's not how this works. No one can give Harry back his parents. No one can give you back James, do you understand?" Sirius gritted his teeth, then smirked, "'Course I understand. I'm not an idiot. And I'm not drunk either. I know that's Harry." "Then act like it. Legally, you should have been Harry's guardian all along, but you weren't there for him. You handed him to Hagrid, to Dumbledore, and rushed off to murder your friend. And I understand anger. I understand it well. But this is already your second chance—you won't get a third. It's time to suck it up, become a functioning adult, and then, only then, will you actually deserve Harry. Because that boy… he's been through more than you can possible imagine. And he doesn't need some drunken fool encouraging him to play pranks! He needs adults he can trust. Adults he can depend on. Because these challenges, they're not over. They're only beginning and you… you… just have to be an adult, Mr. Black. Because Harry cannot afford for you to fuck this up." For a moment, Sirius just stared at her, and Hermione, despite herself, felt chastised. Which was stupid because she was the one chastising, but still. It was hard not to think of Sirius as the adult and her the child. But that wasn't the case. Sirius needed to learn he wasn't a teenager anymore. Maybe Hermione did as well. So she stood her ground, not blinking as he held her gaze. Sirius reached across the table, grabbed her by the small of her back, and pulled her close to him. Before she could even process what was happening, he kissed her. Hermione only opened her mouth because she was horrified, but he took that as an invitation, slipping his tongue past her teeth and clenching his fingers around her shirt. Finally, Hermione regained her senses and pulled away, "Volatilis Lutum!" You didn't have Ginny as a sister-in-law and walk away having learned nothing. Immediately bats, wild, erratic creatures, erupted from Sirius's nose. Hermione didn't stay to offer the counter-curse, just stormed over to Harry's side and disapparated them both to Hogsmeade. When they landed, Harry pulled away from her, drawing his wand. Immediately, Hermione knew she was in trouble. She knew that look in Harry's eyes. It was the one he reserved for Death Eaters and Umbridge. But why? What had she done to earn such righteous indignation from a child of twelve? Harry's wand quivering in his hand. Hermione doubted he was strong enough to hurt her; Harry clearly doubted it as well. Still, Harry had long run into fights without any concern for if he'd win them. If the cause was just, Harry would always fight. Hermione normally admired that about him. Now, it was just annoying. "What did you do to him?" Oh, now Hermione understood. Admittedly, that probably had looked bad. "It's a simple hex. I swear, he's not hurt and besides—its what he deserves for kissing a married woman." "You're married?" Shit. Why were children so… not quite astute more… troublesome. They had the unique knack for getting entirely derailed by the one slip-of-tongue you hoped they'd miss. But Harry hadn't missed it, and Hermione had to explain. It was hard though. Harder than Hermione could ever admit. "No, I suppose I'm not… not anymore. My husband died last month…." Harry's arm drooped by his side. A look of knowing grief crossed over his face. "I'm so sorry. I didn't know." A month, nearly. She'd been there nearly a month, but still, it amazed her how the pain came in waves. Saying it aloud, saying it to Harry of all people, it suddenly felt real. Real in a way it never had before. Ron was gone. Not dead, but as good as. There was a little red-headed kid in his place and Hermione felt sick for even considering him that way. Her Ron was dead, gone, never coming back. She'd long given up any hope of returning to her own time, and besides, the changes she'd made would inevitably ripple out. The future was no longer hers. If there ever was another Hermione Weasley, she'd be a different person, with a different husband. Her husband was gone—forever. And it hurt. Oh how it hurt. Tears welled up in her eyes, but she pushed them back. Harry was a student. It wouldn't do to cry in front of a student. It wouldn't do to cry at all. It hurt a lot less if she didn't let herself feel anything. "I wouldn't expect you to. Most people don't. Still, it was rude of Sirius to kiss me, incredibly rude, so he deserved it. But I promise, he's not actually hurt, and I'm sorry if I made you think otherwise. I have only your best intentions at heart, Harry." Perhaps too much so. A part of Hermione feared that there was nothing in her heart but helping Harry. If she lost him, she'd be left empty. "Okay, Professor," Harry's voice was hardly more than a whisper. That wasn't exactly a good thing, Hermione knew that, but he hadn't tried to curse her. Apparently she'd made him pity her enough that he'd forgotten he was supposed to dislike her. For the moment, it would have to do, though if Hermione wanted to keep Harry's confidences, and she certainly did, she'd need to work harder. "Come on, I know a shortcut back to school." She started walked in the direction of Honeydukes, and Harry followed close behind. His head, though, seemed to spin, dancing from one place to another. "Professor, where are we?" "Hogsmeade? Can't you see the castle?" "Oh! I've never been here before. It's very pretty." Was it? Hermione hadn't paid much attention. It was pretty in the snow, certainly. She smirked as she remembered her Harry's first trip to the village. He'd done some rather amusing things with the snow and Draco Malfoy even if, in hindsight, they were also a bit mean. Not that the Slytherin hadn't had it coming. "You would have seen it if you hadn't flown a car to school, you know. The carriages for the upper-years come right through here." Harry had the good sense to blush. "How do you know about that?" You'd be surprised what I know about you, Harry. Or horrified. Probably more of the latter, to be honest. A year of camping, and months of just us two, it definitely brought us closer than I would have liked. "Hogwarts isn't a large school, Harry. Even if it's bigger than you and your little trio. News like that, it gets around. If I'm being honest—and I can only be since I'm not technically on-duty right now—if I'm being honest, it is a little bit amusing. But didn't it ever cross your mind to wait for Mr. and Mrs. Weasley?" "You sound like Hermione," Harry muttered, kicking up dirt. It stopped the line of questioning though. If there was one thing Hermione couldn't do it was resemble herself too much. "Yes, well, Miss Granger is quite clever." Harry smiled at that, nodding, "Yeah she's the best… why are we going into a sweet's shop?" He sounded hopeful, and for a second, Hermione considered bribing him with treats. Surely he'd love her if she let him return to school with pockets full of licorice wands and cauldron cakes. Madame Pomfrey, however, would be none-t-pleased with her. Besides, Hermione liked to think she could earn Harry's trust the old-fashioned way. Lupin had, after all. (Though she remembered, after a second, how Lupin gave Harry quite a bit of chocolate, and bought him three chocolate frogs, since no doubt he'd share with his friends.) Then, she led him down into the cellar, and through the secret passageway. Harry gazed with awe, "How did you know this was here?" "I'm a Defense professor. I should hope I know about any holes in the castle's security," she smirked. It was a bit fun sometimes to use her knowledge and show off. Hermione didn't like how much she liked to show off, but it didn't make it any less true. "There are other secret passageways?" Hermione laughed, but didn't deign to answer. Not that she was really given a chance to. At that moment, she caught sight of two floating orbs of light in the passageway ahead of her. The orbs stopped. She stopped. "Misters Weasley," she sighed. It was impossible to make out the culprits with the glare, but there was no one else, so far as she knew, who was aware of these passages. "She's a bloody mind reader, I'm telling you," one of them—Fred she thought—hissed, lowering his wand. "Trelawney can retire I imagine," the other answer, looking sheepishly. "Alright there, Harry? Ron told us you'd been kidnapped by the Defense Professor again and we figured we should go investigate. Didn't we, George?" "Exactly, Fred. But clearly they're alright, if they're coming back from Honeydukes. So we best just be on our way then, hadn't we. Lots of essays to write." "Including one on why it's not safe for two fourteen-year-old boys to leave the castle whenever they feel like it, I imagine," Hermione told them, her gaze level. Beside her, Harry snickered. Fred and George didn't seem to know if they should applaud her for her wit, or complain about the detention. "But seeing as you're here, I trust you can escort Harry back to the Gryffindor Tower. Mischief managed, I would say?" The twins gaped quite obviously now, and Hermione got her turn to smirk. Maybe it was foolish, playing around with her knowledge like that, but it was hard not to. Not just because she liked people thinking her clever. It was also just fun, and honestly, with her husband dead, her friends essentially back in nappies, and her family unaware of her existence… Hermione needed to find fun wherever she could. Why she ended up in the Headmaster's office, therefore, she really didn't know. It wasn't quite what she'd call a fun place. Most of his odds and ends were useless, or perhaps she was just too dumb to know what they did. Mostly, though, Hermione suspected they were useless. Idle items meant to make him look intelligent and important, but nothing more. "We need to destroy the horcruxes, next," she told Dumbledore, fiddling with one of the useless items. "But I wouldn't dare try fiendfyre, but we can't get into the Chamber of Secrets without a Parseltongue. I hate to use Harry though. Perhaps he can survive a basilisk's lair, but he shouldn't have to." "And yet, I think he must," Dumbledore sighed. "You know, I can only assume, of the prophecy? Ultimately, Harry and Harry alone must be Voldemort's doom. Your quest to protect him from the worst of it is admirable, but I am unsure it is wise. If you were to go with Harry into the Chamber, you would be able to protect him, but the prophecy would be placated." Hermione slumped back into her chair, rubbing her temples. "It's wrong. It's illegal to put children in dangerous situations because it's wrong. We could both go to Azkaban for discussing this!" "Life, I'm afraid, is dangerous, and all the more so while Voldemort still lives, whatever form that may be. I have confidence in your ability to protect Harry. From what you've told me, you did it splendidly well as a child. Why should you think you would do worse now?" He was stoking her pride and Hermione knew it. Still, it worked. She knew Harry was perfectly capable of handling things other people his age couldn't. Maybe he'd had to learn how to be strong, but he'd been glad for it in the end. And as wrong as it felt to include him, it felt wrong to exclude him as well. Especially when she didn't know what other choice she had. "There isn't any real rush. With the diary safe, and Sirius innocent, there's nothing from my timeline that will be a threat for another two years. Let me explore our other options, there may be something I missed the first time around. It wasn't easy doing research while on the run from Voldemort." "I wouldn't imagine it is. Take all the time you need, I have waited eleven years for a sign of my next move. But, I hope I do not need to remind you, that the changes you have already enacted may well have set in motion events neither of us could predict." Logically, Hermione knew that, but she didn't know where she'd gone wrong. Of course, that would be exactly the problem—she wouldn't know if she had gone wrong. It was a sobering thought. Frightening, even. Her deepest fear, that she'd make the future worse, billowed back up. But she pushed it back down. Back down with her grief over her lost husband. With the pain of seeing her friends and knowing they didn't care about her at all. "But the future is a happy thing. For it is not written in ink and loves to be surprised," Dumbledore's cheerful tenor felt almost like a farce, but Hermione accepted it. Joy wherever she could find it, after all, and if she was going to push away her emotions, she had to let something in. "Come in," she called out later that night. Hermione wasn't expecting anyone, and didn't think she'd forgotten about another detention, still, it wasn't like she was just going to ignore it. Most likely it was a student come with some desperate question about an assignment. A good student too, or else they'd not be doing work on a Saturday night. How wrong she was—two pairs of red hair bobbed through the door. Hermione laid down her quill, looking up at the twins in surprise. "Finished with your essay already?" "Yes indeed," Fred—she was nearly certain of it, Fred always spoke first—smirked. Hermione was immediately suspicious, and proven correct when the teen laid out an empty piece of parchment upon the desk. Now Hermione wasn't an idiot. She had a very strong suspicion that this was not, simply, a blank piece of parchment. That didn't mean though that she was going to play right into the twins' hands. "Well, this is a rather extensive essay. You needn't write so much." "This, Professor Watson, is the only essay we've ever needed," George insisted, tapping it with his wand. He didn't offer the password, though, so it just spit out random words. Messers Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs ask you to leave this alone, woman. Mr. Wormtail would like to know if your mother never taught you not to touch what wasn't yours? Mr. Moony would like inquire as to what exactly you intend to do with this parchment anyway? Mr. Prongs would add that he knows what you do in the broom cupboard and is quite disappointed in you. Mr. Padfoot would like to add that he would, however, gladly join you in the broom cupboard. Hermione didn't know how the map worked, but she had to believe Sirius's message was just a coincidence. Still, in like of the man's forward advances at lunch, it was a rather frightening coincidence. Mostly though, Hermione was just embarrassed. Blood rushed to her cheeks and she noticed Fred and George snickering. Great, just what she needed, two fourteen-year-old students thinking about her sex life. "Well, isn't that a rude little toy," Hermione chuckled, except it was more of a chortle and she knew it. She grimaced, shaking her head. "What are you playing at, boys?" "You see—" "We think—" "That you know—" "As well as we do—" "That this is not—" "Some toy—" "And furthermore—" "Upon realizing that—" "We noticed something—" "Quite peculiar—" "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," the finally chanted together. Like magic (because it was magic) the map unfolded. It was such a strange item, always made Hermione a bit dizzy. When it first opened, all she could see was the outline of the school, and hundreds of little names floating in the background. But then Fred tapped his wand against a certain corridor, the one where they were, and it zoomed forward, like a bad roller coaster ride, until the names were large enough they could read. Shit. How did I not think of this? "So tell me, Professor, why this map—" "Which is never wrong—" "Seems to think we're standing next to Hermione Granger?"
Hello! Feel free to skip, but I wanted to mention a few things. Firstly, I just want to thank everyone for your kind responses. It's very flattering and makes me want to write more like nothing else. Secondly, I don't want to embarrass anyone, but I've noticed in my stats some readers who appear to not have English as your first language. Quite honestly, this makes me happier than anything because I really appreciate the effort you're making. If it is helpful to anyone, I speak Spanish and French (and Latin, though that's rather useless), and am always looking for opportunities to practice with native speakers, so feel free to review in your native tongue. Even if you speak some language other than French and Spanish, you can still review however you're most comfortable and I'll figure it out. I just really appreciate the support and want to make sure everyone feels welcome. Thirdly, in response to the guest reviewer who mentioned it should be Hermione Weasley, according to the wikia, she never changed her name, though her children are hyphenated. I didn't realize that until I looked it up myself, though, so I understand what you were thinking. Lastly, I'm considering making the move to updating once or twice a week on a set schedule instead of whenever I finish a new chapter. This will come in handy as I am busy over the the holidays and have periods where I write a lot and periods where I write nothing at all. If anyone has any opinions on this, however, I will gladly hear them. Lastly-lastly thank you again, and enjoy! Chapter 7 "Obliviate." That was it. Hermione was done with silly mistakes. "Expelliarmus!" Well, Hermione hadn't expected that. Nor had she expected three second-years to come bursting out of nowhere. Her younger self scrambled to grab her wand. Ron dashed towards his brothers. Harry, however, didn't move, just held his wand high, betrayal in his eyes. Harry was terrified. Last year, he'd been happy for the points Neville won, happy they'd won the House Cup, but he hadn't understood it. Now he did. Now he got just how hard it was to stand up to a friend—not that Professor Watson was actually a friend. But she should have been. Harry was seriously concerned for Professor Dumbledore. Why could he not stop hiring evil professors? "What did you do to them?" Ron squeaked. Harry had to admit, he was worried he'd done something bad by disarming Professor Watson mid-spell. Fred and George just seemed to be standing there, looking confused, without any of the normal light in their eyes. "It's a mild memory spell. Let them sleep it off and they'll be fine by morning." "Fine?" Ron shrieked. "You wiped their memories!" Was that what the spell did? Harry hadn't known it. It definitely wasn't part of their charms curriculum. "Just the last few hours, I swear." Professor Watson looked right at Harry. "This really isn't as bad as it looks. You just… you just walked in at a bad time." Harry remembered earlier that day when she'd mentioned her husband. She'd looked… she'd just looked sad. Just like she'd looked when telling Harry of Pettigrew's betrayal, of the reason Voldemort had come after him. But it had to be a lie. She was clearly evil. Evil people couldn't be sad. They were just… evil. "Harry, we need to get Professor Dumbledore," Hermione insisted. She always was the sensible one, even if she sounded panicked (Which reflected quite well how Harry felt himself.) He'd faced evil professors before and almost died. Would have died if Dumbledore hadn't showed up. They definitely needed help. "Go get him. Harry and I will keep her restrained," Ron growled. Harry didn't know the last time he'd seen his friend so angry, it was almost scary, but Professor Watson just chuckled. "What are you laughing at?" The professor said nothing, yet Harry suddenly had a bad feeling about staying here and just waiting for Dumbledore. After all, Professor Watson was a powerful witch, and they were just second years. She probably knew how to do things Harry wouldn't even imagine. "Oh! I know. Petrificus totalus." Harry watched as Professor Watson dropped, and felt much safer. Hermione, however, seemed to realize what she'd just done. "Oh my God. I've attacked a teacher!" She gasped, eyes wide and frightened. "We can't tell Dumbledore. I'll be expelled!" "Oh snap out of it Hermione," Ron howled. "She attacked Fred and George! We're going to get metals for services to the school for this." Harry wasn't feeling nearly as confident as Ron, not considering they had been out after curfew. Still, he wondered sometimes how Hermione could be so smart and so dumb at the same time. This was a disaster and it was better to find Dumbledore then to just leave her petrified on the floor. And Dumbledore had always seemed very fair, so maybe he'd understand. If not, Harry would just say he did it. As much as he hated the idea of getting expelled, and couldn't even bear the thought of the Dursley's smirking faces, he would rather go himself than let Hermione take the blame. "I'll get Dumbledore. He'll listen to me," Harry told his friends. Before he left, though, he snuck a glance at Professor Watson. Frozen as she was, the emotion in her face was unmistakable. She was angry, furious actually. Harry took that as proof that she really was evil and got up the courage to go. Surely, with everything they'd seen, he couldn't be wrong. Everything would be fine. Everything was not fine. Harry, in his hast, hadn't thought to take the cloak with him. He'd barely made it out of the Defense corridor before he ran—quite literally—into absolutely the worst person he could have run into. "Potter," Snape spat, pushing Harry hard enough the boy nearly toppled. "Twenty points from Gryffindor. How predictable. Strutting about the castle after dark, acting as if you own the place. Clearly Black has rubbed off on you already." Instantly all thought of the unconscious professor flew from Harry's mind. Sirius? How did Snape know Sirius? Harry wasn't quite sure what he thought about his godfather, not after his behavior at lunch, but still, he was Harry's godfather. He was Harry's family. That was all that mattered. "Don't talk about Sirius like that!" Snape's eyes were so dark there was only one emotion they expressed—anger. But Merlin's beard, they expressed it well. If this was anyone else that angry with him, Harry might even have been frightened. But this was Snape, a right old git, so he couldn't bring himself to care. Not even as Snape grabbed Harry's collar and practically lifted Harry off of the ground, "I will talk about that stuck-up murderer however I want. He may not have killed Pettigrew, but there is blood on his hands. Do you want to hear of the time he set a werewolf on a fellow student? Or perhaps how he eviscerated Agrippa Wilkes? No? Do the crimes of your sainted godfather scare you, Potter?" Not really. Mostly, Harry didn't know what eviscerated meant, but he knew he despised Snape. Sirius was a good person who might have a bit of a drinking problem. But he was family. He was good. Snape just tutted and began dragging Harry towards Professor Dumbledore's office. Considering that had been Harry's destination in the first place, he didn't fight too hard—only a little, just to spite Snape. The longer they walked, however, the more nervous Harry grew. This was the second time in a week Snape had caught him after a… misadventure. He knew from the whole flying-car incident that Snape didn't have the power to expel him, only McGonagall or Dumbledore, but still, Snape had the power to make Harry's life miserable. Not that he doesn't do that anyway. More importantly, though, was the little problem of the petrified teacher he'd left behind. Harry didn't want to tell Dumbledore what had happened in front of Snape. Snape may have saved his life the previous year, but Harry was fairly certain Snape would also jump at the first chance to see him gone from Hogwarts. Attacking a teacher, even for a good reason, was probably not a good way to spend a Saturday night. But there was nothing Harry could do about it now. He thought back to the blank looks on Fred and George's faces; they needed help. Harry was the only one, it seemed, who could provide it. So he would, no matter the cost. And maybe, just maybe, it would turn out alright. Dumbledore hadn't much minded his fight with Quirrell, after all. He'd actually gained points for that. Harry had just about prepared how he was going to explain everything when they got to Professor Dumbledore's office, but the moment they did, his thought went out the window. "Sirius?" "Harry!" His godfather smiled brightly, coming over to give Harry a tight hug. He stiffened a little, surprised more than upset, but Sirius noticed and pulled away. Concern darkened his gaze, and he turned to glare at Snape. "What have you done to my godson, Snivellus?" "Sirius," Dumbledore cautioned. "Oh, no, Professor. I say we let Black reveal to his godson exactly what kind of bully he really is. It would be quite educational." "Bully! You want to talk about bullies, let's talk about seventh year when you set James on fire just because he'd finally gotten Lily to say yes!" Harry's eyes doubled in size. Snape had set his father on fire? He'd known the man was wretched, but he'd never imagined that. "Please. Do not think I'm ignorant of just how my robes so often 'disappeared' whenever I tried to take Lily somewhere. Potter was jealous from the beginning that Lily actually liked me." Harry's mind spun. Snape and his mum? It was insane! What were they even talking about? A part of him knew this was definitely not the way two grown adults were supposed to behave. Still, he soaked up everything they said, all the ugly fights, because he was just so curious. Unfortunately, or probably fortunately, Dumbledore cut them off, "Gentlemen! Can we not leave the rivalries of childhood where they belong? We have far more pressing matters to attend to in the present. Professor Snape, may I ask why you escorted Mr. Potter here? I just send word with Minerva to collect him, but I highly doubt you two crossed paths." "Potter was already out of bed, Headmaster. Prancing around the corridors without any regards to the rules." "Professor Dumbledore, you have to listen to me. I was coming to see you! Professor Watson attacked Fred and George!" "What? Are you shitting me?" "Lies, no doubt." "Now, Harry, I highly doubt that," Dumbledore said calmly. "And Sirius, I must remind you not to use such language." Harry wanted to scream. Why was Dumbledore commenting on Sirius swearing when Professor Watson was attacking students! "I'm not lying. Fred and George were whispering about something and then they snuck out. So Ron, Hermine and I snuck out using the, uh, you know… And we found them confronting Professor Watson, and then she attacked them! Ron said it's a memory spell but Fred and George are all confused looking, like they have no brains, so I disarmed her and Hermi… I petrified her so she couldn't get away and came to get you!" Harry knew his words were a bit of a jumbled mess. He decided that was the reason all the adults just stared at him for a long time. Finally, though, when someone spoke, it was Snape of all people, "If you are going to lie, Potter, you should at least learn how to do so convincingly." "I'm not lying!" "We believe you, Harry, don't we?" Sirius insisted, crouching down so he was more at level with Harry. The boy's heart soared! Yes! Finally, he had someone who believed him. Someone who would always believe him, just like Uncle Vernon always believed Dudley. It was a wonderful feeling, one Harry knew he'd never grow sick of. But unfortunately, Sirius's trust mattered very little compared to Dumbledore's. As for the headmaster, he seemed to sigh, but he didn't look very concerned. Not like he should have. "Don't we, Dumbledore?" Sirius prodded, glaring at the headmaster and squeezing Harry's shoulder. "I told you how she dragged Harry from me earlier, she's right dodgy that one." "Now Sirius, I thought you said you intended to apologize to Miss Watson," Dumbledore smirked. "As for what you witnessed, Harry, I promise I believe you. However, what we see, and what truly is, often find themselves at odds. Jean Watson has my complete trust. Whatever has occurred between her and the Weasley twins tonight, I have no doubt it was for good reason. Now, Sirius has requested permission for you to spend the rest of the weekend with him, and I have granted his request. Why don't you go with him now and I'll settle this matter with Professor Watson. I assure you, she won't be upset with you, and come Monday we can leave all this in the past." Harry knew, if it was just him, that he'd have no choice but to obey Dumbledore. He wouldn't actually trust Professor Watson, just as he didn't actually trust Snape, but he would be forced to pretend otherwise. Forced to go to class and shut up, waiting for the day when she lost it and turned them all into brainless zombies. And maybe, with time, he might even believe that Dumbledore was right. And maybe he even was, but Harry wasn't important enough, wasn't strong enough, wasn't old enough, to ever find out for sure. But Harry wasn't alone anymore. Sirius squeezed his shoulder so tight it almost hurt, and seemed to growl like a proper hound, "You've got to be kidding me! You're not even going to investigate? If I take Harry home now I'm not bloody-well bringing him back so long as that woman is still here!" Harry's heart skipped too beats, one in excitement, one in fear. Not come back to Hogwarts? It was insane! All his friends were here, his life was here. How else would he learn magic? But still, the idea of living with his godfather all the time, it was appealing. It seemed unfair that he should only get family now that he was too old to really enjoy it. What was a month at Christmas, two months in the summer? Not nearly enough time to have a family. Maybe it would be nice to go off with Sirius and never come back. Never have to be the Boy-Who-Lived again. But still, maybe Sirius was family, but Hogwarts was home, and Harry couldn't bear the thought of leaving it forever. Not for longer than a moment, at least, "But Sirius, what about Ron and Hermione?" "Trust me, Harry. I'll be telling their parents just what sort of school they're at. Actually, the Daily Prophet has been owling about setting up an interview all day. Maybe I should tell them about Hogwarts' new Defense Professor." Dumbledore flushed, and, for the first time, Harry thought he looked angry. And that made Harry angry too, furious, actually. Why would Dumbledore get upset with Sirius for being reasonable? He was the one being completely unreasonable. Professor Watson attacked Fred and George. What could be deceptive about that? "Very well," Dumbledore finally answered, his teeth clenched tight. "We will all make our way to Professor Watson's office and sort this out. But I assure you, she has done nothing but what is best." Harry knew he was right and Dumbledore was wrong, but still, it was nice to have Sirius's supportive grip as they returned to the defense classroom. Ron and Hermione had turned Professor Watson over, so her face was no longer smushed into the floor. As for Fred and George, they'd settled into two chairs in the corner, still looking confused, but talking quietly to each other as they stared at some sort of parchment. "Finite," Dumbledore immediately cast, not even drawing his wand, just waving his hand over Professor Watson. Immediately she was revived and stood, brushing the dust from her robes. But however hard she tried, she didn't manage to look perfectly at-ease with the situation. In fact, she looked over at Sirius with a glint of terror. Guilt rose within Harry. For the first time, he considered what would happen if he was wrong. Dumbledore, after all, was a very wise man. Maybe he knew something Harry didn't, something that could explain this all away. And what then? Then Harry would have attacked an innocent women. He'd be the evil one then. "Wait a minute," Sirius whispered, probably unaware he'd spoken at all. "I know that." Before Harry could ask what he meant, Sirius had strolled across the room and plucked the parchment from Fred and George's hands. His fingers gripped it tight, and then he smelled it, closing his eyes and embracing it like an old friend. Harry found it very odd to watch, but very touching as well. Especially when Sirius turned back to look at him, a glinting tear in his eye. "Where did you get this map?" He asked Fred and George quickly. "Where did you find?" "Stole it from Filch—how do you know it's map?" George answered, blinking. "Wait, aren't you a serial killer?" Fred added. Sirius didn't answer Fred, but he did answer George. "I know it because I made it. Me, Remus, James… and Peter." Harry's throat tightened. His dad. His dad, Sirius, Remus and Peter Pettigrew, the man who'd betrayed the rest of them. They'd made this map, whatever it was. And now Fred and George had it, but why did it matter? Fred and George had been talking about it to Professor Watson when she cursed them, talking about the map and Hermione of all people. Why did it matter at all? "Can it be wrong?" George piped up. "Seems right faulty at the moment. Look who's in the room." "No, the map never lies," Sirius absently answered, but then, he must have noticed what they were talking about. His gaze snapped up towards Professor Watson and he raised his wand, stalking towards her. "Who are you?" Professor Watson sucked in a breathe, but chuckled. It didn't sound amused though, more like someone trying very hard not to be frightened. "You look a bit like your cousin when angry, Mr. Black. It's not a good look." "Now, Sirius," Dumbledore interjected, grabbing the man's wand arm and pulling it down. "I think it is time we let Professor Watson explain herself. My dear, I'm afraid we have no choice but to tell them the truth." "The truth? Are you certain?" Professor Watson gasped. Harry thought that was quite odd. Was the truth really that foreign a concept to her? Why would she seem startled by the mere suggestion of not lying? "I see no other way for us to get out of this situation," Dumbledore admitted. "And besides, as the muggles say, 'the truth will set you free'." Professor Watson bit her lip, but nodded. Still, she didn't speak. Instead, her gaze passed over all of them. She seemed surprised by Snape's presence, but didn't question her silent colleague. She barely looked at the twins or Sirius, but she stared at Ron, red faced and furious Ron, for a long time, Harry for even longer, before her gaze finally settled on Hermione of all people. "You're not going to believe me, not at first, but I swear it's the truth… You know it has to be. Anyone who knows me knows I could never come up with such a creative lie…" She chuckled awkwardly, but upon realizing no one else was laughing, just continued. "My name isn't actually Jean Watson. That's an alias I took because… well because my name is actually Hermione Granger." What? Harry didn't even know what to think about that? She'd changed her name because she didn't want to have the same name as a student? That seemed odd. So no, that couldn't be what she was saying. And everyone else in the room seemed to realize it before Harry did. "You're me," Hermione whispered, eyes wide. "I thought you looked familiar. You look just like Mémère in her wedding photograph!" "I wore her dress for my own wedding," Professor Watson—Hermione?—mused, turning to look at Ron. Now Harry realized she really was crying, crying quite openly. And he didn't know what to think. Surely this wasn't true? Except even he could see the resemblance between Professor Watson and Hermione. And Jean, Jean was Hermione's middle name. But still, it couldn't be. "My wedding… that was a few years ago now. I'm from May, 2005. Thirteen years in the future. I don't know how I came back. I just went to bed one night and woke up in my same bed with two muggles screaming at me. I'd just appeared right between them in what will be me house. And I've spent a month trying to get back, to my husband, to my Harry, but everything I've seen… it's not possible. You can travel back in time but you can't travel forward. So now I'm stuck, stuck in 1992, and all I could think was that I'd been given a chance. A chance to fix things. Sirius, you weren't supposed to get out of Azkaban for another year, and even then you weren't free. But I've changed that and now Harry, Harry, you can have a family. Everything you ever wanted. And Voldemort, I can kill him. I can kill him without Harry ever having to face him. Without anyone having to die. Half of you are supposed to die. Sirius, Fred, Snape, Dumbledore—you're all supposed to die! Even you, Harry. You die and come back but it's not… you don't really come back. How can anyone come back from that? The boy you are now, this week, it's been horrible. You're so happy, but even then you're not, because you know, don't you. You know Hogwarts isn't safe, that it won't ever be safe. That Voldemort and you will have to fight someday because of a stupid prophecy. You know it in your heart and I… I hate it. I can't stand it. So I need… I need to change it. I'm going to change it. or I was. But now… now everything is messed up. I've ruined the timeline beyond imagination. And I'm not sure… I'm not sure I'll ever recover. If it's so easy for people to realize the truth, if I'm dumb enough to forget about the stupid Marauder's Map, how am I possibly supposed to defeat Voldemort? I'm not like you Harry. I'm not meant to do this. And I can't… I can't protect you from it either." Harry's head hurt, but not because of some burning scar. No, he was just confused. Confused and terrified. It was a lie. It had to be a lie. Time travel wasn't possible. Of course, he hadn't known it was possible to wipe someone's memory. Or do magic at all, for that matter. But certainly time travel was a step beyond even that. This was a lie. It had to be. Except… "She's bonkers!" Sirius barked. "Bat-shit crazy. They don't even look alike. You can't get rid of teeth like that… no offense." "Actually, it's just a shrinking charm. Madame Pomfrey did it my fourth year so I didn't have to get braces." "What the hell are braces?" "I do believe, Sirius, that that is besides the point. I assure you, Professor Watson—Hermione—is telling the truth. Her knowledge of the future, and Voldemort's plans, are unparallelled… plus, she had revealed to me private knowledge, things I am grateful none in our time know." He sounded embarrassed, and it made Harry wonder if Professor Dumbledore had secrets. But of course he did. They all did. And if that was the case… "Prove it then. What's something only Hermione would know about me?" "Oh," she seemed to pause and Harry's heart pounded. Truthfully, he hoped she failed. He didn't want her to be telling the truth, because if she was, well then Harry didn't know what to think. Some of the things she'd said, they terrified him. He didn't want Sirius to die! He didn't want any of them to die! And he certainly didn't like the idea of being destined to fight Voldemort, again. But Harry had known since he was very little that you didn't ever get what you want. "This summer a house elf named Dobby made it so you didn't get any of your mail, and then he dropped a cake on your Uncle's business partner." "Anyone could know that," Sirius interjected, even though, quite frankly, Harry knew that wasn't true. "Do better." Professor Watson clenched her jaw, and spit, "I don't know how to do better, that's the problem! What do you want me to say? You're a dog animagus! Dumbledore has the Elder Wand! I actually skimmed most of Hogwarts a History the first time around. Snape was in love with Lily! Ron only uses boxers because the twins make fun of him. He really prefers briefs! Is that enough for you?" It was certainly enough for Harry. Ron's face was as red as his hair even as he said, "That's not true." "Yes it is," Fred and George chimed, though even they seemed embarrassed. Then, silence fell upon all of them. It was only broken by the sound of a slamming door. Harry turned, startled, and realized that Snape had disappeared. Had he left? Was it because of what Hermione said about his mother? Had Snape actually been in love with her? Harry found the prospect a little disgusting, but confusing most of all. All of this was just so confusing. "But you're… you're going to stop Voldemort? You're going to fix things, that's what you said. And we can help?" Hermione asked her older self. (Which Harry still found so strange.) Professor Watson smiled sadly at Hermione, heartbreak in her eyes. "I was trying. I was trying so hard. But I just… I don't know how to hold this all together. The more people who know the more things are going to change. I'm not sure… I'm not sure I'll be able to do anything now. I've probably ruined things perpetually." "I wouldn't be so certain, my dear," Dumbledore finally interjected. There was a glint in his eye, one Harry didn't quite get. "As you say, the threat of so many people knowing so soon, it is quite great. So forgive me, will you not?" Harry didn't know what the Headmaster meant, but Sirius must have. He lunged at Dumbledore, "Don't you dare!" It was too late. The old wizard raised his wand high, "Obliviate maxima."
I didn't forget about you, I promise! I've decided I'm just going to update on Mondays so you'll continue to receive updates even as I get busy over the holidays. This will be good because I will inevitably get distracted by Christmas fanfic and forget to write this. Unfortunately, that means the Christmas chapter of this fic will be coming out after the holiday, which is kind of frustrating. I might see if I can write one that is spoiler-free and post it as a one-shot; we'll have to see. But whatever happens, thank you all for reading. I haven't had time to reply to every review, which is quite disappointing, but if I've missed you this week know I sincerely appreciate it and will try to reply soon. I think that's all, so without any further delay ENJOY! Chapter 8 The rest of September flew by. Hermione didn't remember the Marauder Incident, Dumbledore's memory charm had affected her too. She was quite bitter about that, especially when Dumbledore insisted she couldn't watch his memory of the encounter. But there was nothing at all she could do about it. He was wrong that she didn't need to know, of course she needed to know, but still, he was Albus Dumbledore. There was no winning an argument with him. Every time she brought it up, he just reminded her of the lesson they'd learned from it—she needed to be more careful. So she resisted the temptation to press on with her work, and honestly, it proved to be quite easy. Hermione had never given her professors enough credit. Sure, students took a half-dozen courses, but Hermione was now teaching twelve sections twice a week. She'd assigned an essay to every one of her students the first week and realized the next Monday that that meant hundreds of essays to grade. Add on the monumental task of helping her upper-years pass OWLS and NEWTS… Well Hermione found she didn't have the time to remember little nuisances like Voldemort. Especially when she had even littler nuisances to deal with, one bushy-haired second-year in particular. "Professor?" Professor Watson looked up unsurprised as her younger-self approached. Ron and Harry were standing in the doorway-Harry looking anxious, Ron looking bored. Hermione, however, little-Hermione that is, was clearly on a mission, and big-Hermione knew exactly what it would be. Still, the professor kept her face neutral. As Dumbledore said, she had to be more careful. This couldn't be two Hermione Grangers speaking, just one Hermione and one Professor Jean Watson. "Yes, Miss Granger?" "Professor Watson, I was hoping we could discuss my essay grade," Hermione bit her lip, holding back something. Anger or tears, it was a bit difficult to tell. "I don't feel it is correct." Professor Watson had expected this conversation. In fact, she'd planned it when she graded the essay as she did. So she nodded and waved towards her office, "Is now, alright? I know you're done with classes." Hermione nodded firmly and then turned to Ron and Harry, "Go on without me." "But Hermione, what about… You know?" Ron, ever subtle, shouted across the classroom. Professor Watson didn't know what he was talking about, and she suspected she didn't want to, but she knew the look. Still, it was easier to brush aside than it would have been a month before. Most of the time she didn't even equate this boy and her husband. Most of the time. "Oh don't be ridiculous Ronald," Hermione hmphed, rolling her eyes. "I'll be fine. Besides, Harry, don't you have practice. Wood won't be pleased if you're late." Ah yes. Professor Watson wished quite frequently that Oliver Wood put as much work into his essays as he did his Quidditch strategies. But at least the reminder got Harry to drag Ron away. Professor Watson led Hermione into her office, then made some tea. That seemed to surprise the child, she probably wasn't planning on staying that long, but Jean Watson knew this was the kind of conversation you needed tea for. And frankly, she didn't intend for it to be particularly short. She might need to be careful, after all, but the last month had let things quiet down enough that she felt confident in pressing forward in such an indirect manner. "How do you like your tea?" "Cream and sugar, please." Professor Watson took her tea black these days, something she'd learned from long hours at the Ministry, but she made up the two drinks easily. Once she'd handed the girl her tea, she settled down to business. "What was it about your essay that you wanted to discuss? I thought you had a rather firm grip on the material myself." "Well, Professor, that's the thing," Hermione began, but she paused, letting her eyes dance across the office. She was delaying of course. The anxiety in her eyes was frightful. Still, Professor Watson waited for her to get it out. Hermione was a Gryffindor, after all. She could be plenty brave. "Well, the thing is, Professor, that I thought I wrote a rather good essay. And it was twice the length it was supposed to be, with references to a number of secondary sources I found in the library. So… so I just don't understand why I got an A!" Ah to be young and high achieving. It was a blessing, of course, Professor Watson would never discount the splendors that came from unmatched intelligence and unmatched ambition. But there was a cost too, a cost that Jean Watson had learned rather later than she probably should have. So it seemed only right to pass things along. Not to discourage Hermione from doing her best work, never that, but to make her understand a few things. "Well, the thing is, Miss Granger, I asked for a two to three foot analysis of the readings. You gave me a six foot state-of-the-field paper. A rather good one, but not what I'd asked for. Normally, I would only take off slightly when directions are not followed, but I've been noting the problem on your assignments for weeks and seen no change. I had hoped this would get the message through." "But that's not fair!" Hermione was blisteringly indignant, waving her hands about dramatically. Luckily these were no-spill tea cups or there would have had quite a mess. "Hermione," Professor Watson sympathized, of course she did, but this mattered. It really mattered. "Hermione, say someone gave me just one foot of parchment, would it be fair if I marked them down?" The girl blinked, but nodded, "Of course! They didn't do the assignment. It's sloppy and lazy." "Hermione, you didn't do the assignment either, and I could argue it's sloppy and lazy on your part as well." That was a smack in the face, and Professor Watson could feel it herself. But as much as this hurt her, as much as it hurt Hermione, it mattered. "The assignment was two to three feet. Yes, I would agree that going slightly over is better than going slightly under, but six feet is, quite frankly, absurd. It proves that you don't know how to find the most important material, that you're unable to use a simple argument to express yourself. Complexity is vital, truly, but simplicity ever more so. Because the majority of the world won't care. It doesn't matter how intelligent what you have to say is if no one is listening. It's essential that you understand the complexities well enough to express something simply. That's what I'm trying to teach you." For a moment, Hermione just sat there, looking shell-shocked. Then, she took a long sip of her tea and, voice weak, admitted, "I always thought longer was better. It proves you're smarter, that you're working harder." "Trust me, Hermione, I thought the same thing at your age," Professor Watson chuckled, wishing someone else knew just how amusing a joke that was. "And sometimes it is, don't get me wrong. I truly appreciate your work ethic, but I want you to try and focus your essays, at least for a little while. And I guarantee your professors will appreciate it… I certainly won't pretend this is entirely for your sake. Remember we have to grade whatever you turn in, and while I do enjoy reading your essays, imagine if everyone turned in twice what they were supposed to. It would suddenly be as if I had twice as many students, and, honestly, I'm not certain I don't already have too many." Hermione flushed, looking properly embarrassed. "I never thought about it like that, Professor. Now I feel quite bad." "Don't. Just keep it in mind. Focus your essays on the most important information for a short while, then I'll see about giving you a little more freedom, alright? And I'm always here if you want to talk through your thoughts, find out what's the best way to whittle down your argument." The girl nodded. It was clear that she was still having a hard time wrapping her mind around this new way of thinking about work, but Professor Watson was confident she'd get there. Was it pride if she was proud of herself? Either way, she believed in this bushy-haired child. She believed in her more than she believed in herself, which, strange as it was, made sense too. "But, Professor… is there any way that we could maybe change my grade? Even to an E?" Professor Watson probably would have laughed, except the desperation in Hermione's voice hit so close to home it wasn't funny at all. It was easy at twenty-five to think of yourself as above such petty concerns as needing a grade to prove your intelligence. But the truth was, you reached a certain age when you weren't graded any longer, and then, then you just never knew if you'd done a good job at all. Jean Watson longed for someone to give her an O for her first month of teaching. Sure, she'd freed an innocent man from prison and prevented the opening of the Chamber of Secrets, but was that really enough? Was it ever enough? "No, Hermione, that wouldn't be fair. But I promise, one A isn't going to lower your overall grade." "But…" "No, buts, Miss Granger. I wouldn't change the grade on the essay that was too short just because they promised to use larger handwriting the next time." It wasn't actually funny, but the joke elicited enough of a smile from Hermione that she didn't burst into tears, which was the real goal. Still, Professor Watson felt rather bad, so she caved. Slightly. But not because Hermione was her younger self, not at all. Jean Watson would never be unfair just because she, honestly, hated the idea of getting an A. No, this was definitely fair… or at least it would be so long as she kept such a policy going forward. "However, if you wanted to rewrite the assignment, I would mark it for you for extra credit. Not enough to bring it up to an O, but it would give you some practice with these shorter essays before the next graded assignment." The girl's eyes lit up like a lumos maxima. "Oh yes please, Professor. I'll have it to you right away!" "You can have it to me next class and it will make no difference. Try and enjoy your weekend, alright? Do you and your friends have anything planned? I know it's a Hogsmeade weekend for the upper-years." "Oh yes. All the first and second years are going to play a giant game of hide-and-seek. It should be interesting because the Hufflepuffs are always particularly good finders." Professor Watson smiled. She remembered, quite vaguely, playing games like that herself. But wow, it just amazed her to realize how truly young they all still were. Hermione was old for her year—thirteen—but still a kid. They were all really just still kids. It made Jean wonder if maybe she was being too hard on Hermione, but no, she was certain she was only being fair. But still, it was good to be reminded of what it truly was to be that age. To just be a child. All-school hide-and-seek. Even the Slytherins got in on it, with some dirty tricks thrown in. But it was good fun, clean fun, and it made Professor Watson smile. "Well, that sounds very fun. Unfortunately I have to chaperone so I won't be around to see it." "Well, I hear Hogsmeade is quite exciting too. Fred and George were telling us about the Shrieking Shack. Apparently it's the most haunted building in Britain." Professor Watson snorted, which must have insulted the girl a bit, because quickly asked, "What is it?" "It's nothing," Professor Watson insisted, but the humor in her eyes was clear, so she had to come clean. "No, I just remember saying the same thing at your age, but it has occurred to me how absurd that reputation is. Hogwarts is the most haunted building in Britain. We have hundreds of ghosts! Why would we be frightened of the shack?" Hermione blinked a few times, then offered a sly smile, "That's actually quite true, isn't it? Fred and George were probably just pulling our legs. Still, Hogsmeade, it sounds quite wonderful. An entirely wizarding village. Are you excited?" To have to spend her Saturday making sure students weren't getting up to any trouble in a village designed to tempt students? No, she wasn't excited at all. But there was no use bothering Hermione with the mundane realities of adulthood. "Yes, it should be quite exciting." Hermione was busy, but she was also bored out of her mind. If she had to cough loud enough to draw the attention of any more snogging students, she might just start casting Unforgivables. Honestly, it was a wonder Riddle had become evil before applying to be a teacher. She rounded the corner and spotted red hair. No doubt it was Fred and George up to some mischief, so Hermione stormed forward, only to find a very terrified looking Percy Weasley and Penelope Clearwater breaking apart. She sighed, giving the Prefects a look that had them both blustering apologies and running off. Yes, it was certainly going to be a long day. "You look like you could use a drink." Hermione recognized the voice, but it still took her a moment to place it. Of all the people she'd expected to find in Hogsmeade, Sirius Black was not one of them. "No doubt you don't," she quipped, realizing a moment later how she rude that was. "Sorry, that was uncalled for." "Not really, I don't remember much of that day, but I remember being a right git to you… And a certain passionate kiss, but Remus swears that was just a dream." "He's lying to make you feel better. You made quite a fool out of yourself, Mr. Black." "Lord Black, actually. But you, Professor Watson, can call me Sirius if I may call you Jean." Hermione couldn't help herself, she smirked, "What brings you to Hogsmeade, Lord Black?" "You wound me, Professor Watson. Why don't you Crucio me and be done with it?" Hermione thought she might rather put him under the Imperiatus. It would be exceptionally amusing to have Sirius Black under her command. Of course, the man didn't need her telling him to do ridiculous things—he did them all of his own accord—but it would be amusing to make him do something odd. Or she could send him apologizing to Snape for years of torment. Now that, that would be amusing. Hermione blinked, shutting down that line of thinking. It was entirely too teasing and she didn't know why she'd tease Sirius. He didn't know her at all, and Hermione didn't actually know him either. They'd lived under the same roof all of summer 95', but there had been so much to do and so many people at the Headquarters. She'd never spoken to Sirius alone, now that she thought about it. Unless she wanted to count her dressing-down from a few weeks before. Which was quite strange to realize since they were definitely alone now. Maybe it just felt good to laugh. The Sirius she'd known had been gloomy about being locked up and desperate to do something reckless. This Sirius was different, just cheerful. He reminded her of Fred or George, or even Ron, now that she thought about it. Ever since he'd taken over the joke shop he'd been extra good for a laugh too. But she certainly didn't want to consider the similarities between Sirius Black and her husband, so Hermione pushed it all away. "Unfortunately, a trip to Azkaban would likely get in the way of my duties. I should be going." Sirius stepped in her path immediately. Hermione blinked in surprise. She'd assumed he was just taking advantage of this chance meeting, but perhaps not. Beneath all the cheerful jokes, she could see the broken man who'd spent eleven years in prison. "I'm serious—pun intended—about that drink. If you want to chaperone, what better place than The Three Broomsticks? Half the student body is inside. Shouldn't you make sure the seventh years haven't poured their Firewhiskey into a third year's butterbeer?" "Quite frankly, I don't see why there are any seventh years willing to be seen in the presence of a third year," she reminded him, though from the specificity of his comments, this was definitely something he had done. Stupid Marauders. That could have been dangerous. "I'm just saying, there are all kinds of hanky panky going on in here, but none of the chaperones ever come inside. Besides, I wouldn't want a lady like yourself to freeze." He was correct that it was cold, far too cold for the first weekend of October, but Hermione Granger was a witch. And very, very stubborn. With a flick of her wand, she summoned her little blue ball of fire. "I think I'll manage." "Please, Jean," Sirius said her name in such a way that it would have been quite compelling—if it was actually her name. But Hermione still struggled to think of herself as Jean Watson, so his imploring just made her uncomfortable. "Lord Black, I'm working. Imagine you saw one of your professors getting a drink with a handsome man? What would you have said?" Sirius grinned widely, and Hermione swore she could see his tail wagging. "That they were shagging of course, especially if he was handsome as you say." She cringed. She had used the word handsome, hadn't she? Not that she'd meant anything by it. In her heart, she was still a married women, or a grieving widow at best. Never mind the fact that while Sirius was technically only seven years older than her, Hermione still thought of him as old enough to be her father. She wasn't thinking about Sirius like he was thinking about her, truly. Still, she had to admit he was objectively handsome. He looked far better in this timeline than he ever had in hers, that was for sure. Older than thirty-three, Azkaban couldn't be washed away completely, but not nearly so old as he'd looked as a fugitive. He'd cut his hair, and even Hermione was jealous of his dark curls. Luscious, she thought was the best word. Though long for a muggle man, they worked quite well on Sirius, especially as he took back the long discarded title of Lord Black. Hermione was surprised he'd embraced it, but it suited him. He wore a fine velvet suit under crimson robes. They had the Black family crest embroidered into them, Hermione noticed, the slightest hint of silver, but still, the man screamed Gryffindor. It was probably a good thing that Narcissa Malfoy was the only Black neither dead nor in Azkaban. Sirius might have wracked up a few murder charges when all his relatives dropped dead in horror of seeing the Black crest even vaguely associated with the House of 'The Light'. But it was a good look, a very good look. It helped to return the color to Sirius's skin, ease the waxiness of his skin. In just a month, Hermione would have never guessed the horrors he'd suffered. In a few years, it seemed they'd be forgotten completely. And it made Hermione smile, really. He'd never recovered the first time around, but now that he was free, Sirius seemed to have regained something he never had before—his pride. And it did him well, mostly. Even if it also made him a bit of a pompous arse. "I have to go, Lord Black. But I'll tell Harry I saw you." "Please, wait," he begged, grabbing her by the arm. Hermione froze, her heart fluttering, but not for the reason he desired. Sirius didn't know it, but he'd grabbed her right where Bellatrix had carved 'Mudblood' into her skin. Hermione had always been grateful that Ron couldn't even bear to look at it, never mind try to touch it. Even years later it still hurt when touched, a scar on her mind far more than her body. "Sorry," he said, feeling her stiffen. "But I just… I went to Hogwarts that night to apologize, but Dumbledore wouldn't let me see you." Hermione knew that wasn't true, but let it be. Whatever memories his mind had filled in that gap, she wasn't about to contradict them. "I wanted you to know—you were right. I was acting all sideways with Harry and I'm going to do better. I already am. I've already organized the House finances, and I'm going to move on to politics next, see if I can't knock those Death Eaters down a peg or two in the Wizengamot. Because Harry deserves better than me. He deserves Lily and James. But since they're gone, I'm all he's got, so I have to try and be what they would have been. I won't ever succeed, but I can try. For Harry." For Harry—didn't that just sum up Hermione's life just about now. Or well, it had until the Marauder incident. Since then she'd put her friend too far to the side, for the sake of subtlety. But Sirius was right, Harry deserved a better life than any of them could give him, so maybe it was about time she figured out how to get back in the game, because the least she could do was guarantee it didn't get any worse. Sirius chuckled and shook his head, flashing her a smug grin, "Well, that's that. I've said what I needed to so you can go back to ruining everyone's fun, Professor Watson… though, if you get sick of ruining everyone's fun, I know the students go back at sundown. Perhaps you'd be willing to get a drink with me then?" Merlin's beard, he was persistent. Hermione doubted he even actually wanted to get a drink with her, he just didn't like to be told no. Luckily, though, Hermione could be equally as pigheaded. (In the good way.) "I think not, Lord Black. But I wish you and Harry well." There really wasn't anything else to say, so she turned on her heels and went to leave. But Hermione had hardly gotten two steps when he added, "Just so you know, it really would just be a drink. I'm good for teasing and all, but Harry told me about your husband. I'm sorry, by the way. That sucks arse." Hermione snorted a laugh, which really was an inappropriate way to respond to condolences for one's dead husband. But still, it was just so absurd. Sirius could dress up as the proper Pureblood Lord, yet clearly he'd never be one. 'Sucks arse'. How more muggle could you get? "Eh, sorry, was that insensitive?" "No, Lord Black, it was plenty sensitive. You just…you're just an odd man, is all. I wouldn't expect it." "The good kind of odd, right? Like that Lovegood chap who thinks I'm Stubby Boardman and not odd like my barmy incestuous cousins, right?" Once again, Hermione couldn't control her laughter. By God Sirius just didn't know how to shut up and be polite company. And it was so… refreshing. Hermione had been too busy to think about it, but she'd spent very little time with people her own age since coming to 1992. Her students were equally parts amusing and infuriating. Her colleagues were fine for a quick chat in the teacher's lounge or at dinner, but most of them were significantly older than her. Plus, when she talked magical theory, she always had to be careful about referencing journal articles that hadn't been published yet. The only person she could talk openly to was Dumbledore, and since the man had never been open with someone in his life, it was a rather one-sided conversation. Merlin's beard, Hermione missed talking to adults. And honestly, Sirius would be quite a beneficial friend to have, if we're considering 'the plan'. He's Harry's legal guardian. The locket is in his house and he probably has access to the Lestrange vault. Who knows, he might even have books on how to cast fiendfyre safely and then you don't have to worry about the Chamber at all. Plus, it would be helpful to have some political and financial protection if this all goes horribly wrong. The thought settled her. Yes, Sirius would be a good friend to have indeed. It wasn't like she was going to go shag him, this wasn't a betrayal of Ron or her mission. And if it kept her sane to have some adult friends, that was definitely a bonus. "The students go back to the castle just past six," she told Sirius, enjoying it quite a bit as a smile lit up his face. "How does quarter to seven sound, but at the Leaky Cauldron, not the Three Broomsticks. I'd quite enjoy a trip to London." "I could get us reservations somewhere nice." A nice fancy dinner sounded wonderful after a month of Hogwarts buffet, but he sounded far too much like an excited puppy, so she had to turn him down. "The Leaky Cauldron is just fine for a drink, I think. I'll see you then, Sirius." "Oh yes you shall!" He exclaimed, and Hermione couldn't help but snort.
