A/N: Hello! Welcome to New Blood! This, at first glance, will seem like an absurdly long story, but it encompasses Books 1-7 of the Harry Potter series. It also has fairly short chapters, each only encompassing only one or two scenes. The story can be broken down into much more manageable chunks if you read it book by book, like you might have done with the original canon. Philosopher's Stone - Chapters 1-65 (121,463 words) Chamber of Secrets - Chapters 66-? I hope you enjoy! "Granger, Hermione!" Hermione Granger walked to the front of the Hall with every bit of confidence she could muster, determined to stay calm despite the entire school watching her. The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall opened up into the sky above her, and she felt very, very small. There was something mystical about this ritual, despite the mundane appearance of the hat, and her heart was in her throat as she approached the stool. She sat down, and with a deep breath, settled the hat on her head. Oh ho, the Sorting Hat chuckled into her head. What do we have here? You're a mixed bag, to be certain. Clever, very clever, and brave, to be sure. But this longing… this ambition… Slytherin, Hermione told the hat silently. I want to go to Slytherin. Slytherin? the hat mused. Your cunning and ambition would fit well there, to be sure. You would face prejudice there, though. Such prejudice… I am New Blood, Hermione told the hat determinedly. I can handle it. New Blood? the hat queried. …why, look at that. You are New Blood. But your journey will not be an easy one. Even though she'd been called the term before, it was still a jolt to hear it confirmed. She'd almost wondered if she'd made the whole thing up after all. Nothing worth fighting for is ever easy, Hermione countered. I want to make Granger a powerful name up there with the rest of them. Well, if nothing else, your ambition will find you in good company. The hat seemed almost amused. So if you insist… "Slytherin!" Hermione hopped off the stool to the green table's applause, ignoring the scattered boos. She sat down next to Tracey Davis, who was next to Millicent Bulstrode – both already newly-sorted Slytherins. She offered both of them a smile, and she was gratified to see at least Tracey tentatively offer it back. Greengrass, Daphne quickly followed Hermione, sitting down across from the other three girls with a dismissive sniff. Hermione watched Tracey's face fall slightly before she quickly schooled her features into a mask, and Hermione made a mental note. Daphne's a bigot, she thought to herself. No real surprise there – she's on that special list. Nott, Theodore joined the table, sitting next to Daphne, and Malfoy, Draco sat next to him. Parkinson, Pansy took her seat next to Draco, and Hermione was pleased when the last sorted (Zabini, Blaise) took a seat next to her, flashing her a smile. She was a bit disappointed none of the boys she'd met on the train made it into Slytherin (all three going to Gryffindor), but she'd be sure to catch up with them after classes. The feast began, and Hermione did her best not to betray her surprise as food appeared on the tables. She served herself with her best manners, and as conversation began, carefully listened in. "Weren't there two others?" Daphne asked, glancing down the table. "I counted ten sorted into Slytherin, not eight." Blaise snickered, and Draco shot him a dark look. "Goyle and Crabbe are sitting at the head with the prefects," Draco explained. "They got told off for fighting on the train." Conversation turned toward everyone's hopes for the school year. Hermione was glad to see at least some of her classmates were taking their studies seriously – the boys she'd met on the train hadn't even opened their textbooks yet. Draco was eager for Potions, Theo was looking forward to Charms, and when Hermione offered that she was excited for Transfiguration, Theo had looked pleased and Draco had given her an approving nod. "Transfiguration is challenging, but incredibly useful," Theo told her. "Be careful of the instructor, though – Professor McGonagall chooses favorites, and she favors her own house over the others." "Her house?" Hermione questioned. "Gryffindor," Draco said with a sneer. He gestured to the far table, with the students clad in red and gold. "Gryffindors and Slytherins don't get along, so be prepared for her to hate us all on sight." "My mum said it's tradition for the Gryffindors to hate us," Tracey piped up. She offered Hermione a grin. "They think Slytherin is full of Dark wizards, and they all fancy themselves heroes. I wouldn't worry about it, though – it's not like a Gryffindor will ever be able to get the drop on a Slytherin." "Slytherins stick together," nodded Theo. "We take care of our own." Pansy glanced at Tracey, her pug nose sniffing in derision. "And what did your dad say?" she said, her tone condescending. "Did he even know what Hogwarts was?" Tracey fell silent, her eyes dropping to the plate. Hermione felt a flash of rage towards Pansy. Breathing steadily, she tried to keep her cool. "And what are you?" Pansy said to Hermione, sneering. "Half? Quarter? Muggle?" Hermione raised her chin, looking down at Pansy with as much contempt as she could muster. "I'm New Blood, thank you very much," she informed Pansy. Pansy, whose mouth had been half-opened with a prepared retort, paused. "…new blood?" she questioned suspiciously. She glanced down the table quickly, then back to Hermione. "That's not a thing. You're lying." Hermione sniffed with as much derision as Pansy had. "If the Parkinsons haven't taught their daughter about New Blood, that's hardly a reflection on me." Tracey and Daphne both snickered, and even Theo cracked a smile. Hermione was pleased to see Pansy's face flush with anger, but Pansy tossed her head and turned to Draco, asking if he planned on trying out for the Quidditch team. As conversation gradually settled, becoming less confrontational and more casual once again, Tracey turned to Hermione, quizzical. "New Blood?" she asked. Hermione shrugged, nodding. "A Seer told me herself," she said. "Which, of course, meant Slytherin was the only place for me." Tracey nodded along slowly like she understood, but dropped the matter to quiz Millicent about her summer quickly enough. After dinner, one of the Slytherin prefects called them all around to follow her to their dormitory. Hermione was mildly surprised to see that instead of up the stairs like the other houses, they were headed down. She hadn't thought the rumors of Slytherin House living in the dungeons were true. After leading them through the corridors and deeper into the castle, the prefect paused in front of a perfectly normal-looking stretch of wall, raising an eyebrow to wait for everyone to catch up. "Viper," she said, and Hermione nearly jumped as the wall suddenly opened. The prefect led them into a large, low room bedecked in green and black. There were tables scattered around on which to do homework, large plush chairs and couches around low tables, and hanging lamps that gave off a sort of bright, inoffensive green glow. "Alright. Listen up." The prefect clapped her hands, and the murmuring died down. "My name is Jade Rince, and I'm a prefect. Other Slytherin prefects didn't draw the short straw, so they didn't have to help you all down here, but you can recognize them by their badges. All prefects wear a badge like this." She tugged at the silver shield on her robes, before looking back up at them. "Dormitories are off to the left – girls on the left, boys on the right. As first years, you'll be the first floor you come to. Your things have already been brought up, so there are just a couple things left to go over." She fixed them with a sharp look, and Hermione saw Tracey flinch. "You're in Slytherin house. That means you're in the best house," Jade said. "We're the house of cunning, of creativity, and of ambition. We have the drive to go as far as we want and reach our goals, and our goals are always higher than those of the other houses. We usually win both the House Cup and the Quidditch Cup, and I expect this tradition to continue." She gave them another significant look. Right – win House Cup and Quidditch Cup. Hermione made a mental note. Got it. "Because of this, the other houses generally don't like us," Jade said, sniffing. "This is why the first rule of Slytherin is the most important – Rule #1: Slytherins stick together." "Slytherins stick together," they all murmured back. Jade nodded satisfactorily. "A Slytherin is always better than a student of another house," she said, tossing back her hair. "The other houses, though subconsciously, know this, and they will resent you for it. Conflicts with other students are to be expected. Because of this, the second rule is also very important – Rule #2: Don't get caught." Hermione shared an amused look with Tracey, and, to her surprise, Blaise Zabini, who was shooting her a mischievous smile. "So long as you don't get caught and don't leave proof behind, our Head of House, Professor Snape, will protect you from allegations from another student," Jade said. "He derives delight from it, but don't push him too far – it's better to remain completely unseen, so there's not even a student accusation to deal with." Hermione blinked. Jade was basically giving them free reign to retaliate against other students who bullied them. It was… a new approach to bullying, to be sure. At her old schools, she'd always been encouraged to report any bullying activities to a teacher, who would handle it. The teachers never actually did handle it properly, and telling a teacher often made the problem worse, but the expectation had been there – tell an authority figure, who would put a stop to it. Here, Slytherins were expected to take care of problems and handle any such issues themselves. Hermione hid a small smile, looking down at her wand. While that kind of approach would never have worked at a Muggle school, where physical size was largely what determined the winner of an altercation, here at Hogwarts, everyone had wands. Size wouldn't matter – your magical skill would. And Hermione intended to be the best witch Hogwarts had ever seen. "One more," Jade said. "Rule #3 – Slytherins are the best. Whatever it takes." She gave them a fierce look, and they cowered as a group. "Slytherin takes pride in being the best. It takes work, it takes networking, it takes cunning, it takes cleverness. Whatever your goal, whatever it takes, you reach it. Slytherins don't fail – they adapt, they re-evaluate, and they get what they want." Hermione saw Pansy's eyes gleam as she looked over at Draco, who was looking at Jade, his own eyes hungry with ambition. Hermione resisted the urge to roll her own eyes – it would figure that Pansy's highest goal was to latch onto a boy. "I'm a prefect," Jade told them. She tossed her hair. "In two years, I will be Head Girl. I will beat out all the other girls for the position, because I want it. And I will stop at nothing to achieve my goal." She looked at them with a cross between pride and determination, and Hermione felt inspired herself, just looking at her. Hermione smiled up at her without realizing it, and to her surprised, Jade gave her a small smile back, before seeming to shake herself out of her moment. "All right – that's the basics. Go ahead up to your dorms and get your things set up, and try to get some sleep tonight if you can. Be down here for breakfast at seven sharp – the prefects will lead you up to breakfast. Do not try to get to the Great Hall on your own." She gave them a smirk. "Otherwise, we will find your lost skeleton years later. Do not try on your own." She dismissed them, and they all scrambled to their dorms. Hermione reached the dorm second, right after Pansy. The beds were arranged in a semi-circle, and with a screech, Pansy threw herself on the bed closest to the door, yelling, "This one's mine!" Hermione quickly took the one the furthest from Pansy, entirely opposite, and the one closest to the bathroom door. As the others filtered in, Daphne took the one next to Pansy, Tracey took the one next to Hermione, and Millicent took the one that was left, dead in the middle. The girls all looked around, quietly judging that this arrangement was okay. Hermione felt a sense of relief at everyone's quiet approval of the sleeping arrangement – she hadn't wanted to have to fight for her bed. Light conversation broke out as the girls arranged their things. Hermione's night stand had an intricate green stained-glass lamp and doubled as a small bookcase, and she put the books she thought she'd use the most on its shelves, as well as a couple favorites to fall asleep reading. Tracey was putting her hairbrush on her own nightstand, and Hermione was unsurprised to see Pansy chatting with Daphne and casting snide looks across the room, entirely unconcerned with arranging her things. "Granger," she said suddenly. Here it was. Mentally gearing herself up, Hermione looked up. "Yes?" she asked. Pansy smiled sweetly, and Hermione nearly snorted. It was so overly saccharine and fake that she doubted such a smile would fool anyone. "What did you say you were, back in the Great Hall?" she asked. "I've never heard of it, so perhaps you wouldn't mind explaining it to me?" Hermione straightened her shoulders, putting a proud expression on her face. "I'm New Blood," she said. "Judged so by both a Seer and the Sorting Hat." Pansy and Daphne shared a look. Daphne looked mildly confused and intrigued, while Pansy looked disbelieving. "But what does that mean, 'New Blood'?" Pansy insisted. Hermione took a deep breath. "It means that my blood is destined to be the start of a new Great House," she told her, tossing her hair back. "It means that my magic was gifted to me by Magic itself, and isn't a spontaneous cropping up of magic through a dormant squib line." "You were gifted your magic?" Tracey asked, her eyes wide. "I was gifted with my magic directly," Hermione corrected. "Magic expects great things of me, for me to found a new Great House, and Magic has gifted me with the ability to use it more easily than others." "Wait – not a squib line," Pansy said. "That means you grew up with Muggles?" Hermione didn't flinch, her nose in the air. "I did." Pansy laughed incredulously. "So you're just a Muggleborn," she denounced, laughing. "One with delusions of greatness, but a Muggleborn nonetheless." Pansy exchanged a smirk with Daphne, but Hermione remained carefully unfazed. "Muggleborns are born from squib lines," she informed her. "Squib lines that Pureblood houses have long since lost track of, but from connections to magical blood nonetheless. I am New Blood – a spontaneous outcropping of magic with no previous connection to magic at all." Pansy rolled her eyes, and Hermione shrugged. "Don't believe me if you want, but you'll see," Hermione promised. "All great houses had to have been founded somewhere, didn't they? Where did the founding Parkinson get his magic? All great houses start with a New Blood somewhere." Pansy laughed, but Hermione could tell that she'd managed to plant a seed inside her – Pansy was somewhat unsure. "Anyway, let's all get to bed," Tracey suggested, her eyes darting from Hermione to Pansy to Hermione again. "We have class in the morning, and the last thing we want to do is not be at our best. Jade would kill us on our first day." With murmurs of agreement, they all settled in to go to sleep, clicking their lamps out one by one. As the others began to succumb to sleep, Hermione remained awake, her eyes staring up at the draped canopy of her four-poster bed. She'd managed her first challenge – planting the seed with the other girls that she wasn't a Muggleborn. Even just a seed, a sprout of doubt, could blossom into full-blown belief if she managed to pull off what she was hoping to. Hermione had read about the prejudice against Muggleborns. And she'd be damned if she became a witch just to hit a glass ceiling over and over again.
September 19, 1990 - Nearly one year prior . . "A witch?" The tall, stern woman nodded again, and Hermione felt a current of excitement run up her spine. She was different. She hadn't just been imagining it. "What is a witch?" Hermione asked the woman. The woman pushed her square glasses up her nose. "A witch, young lady, is a woman who can perform magic." "Yes, but what kind of magic?" Hermione pressed. "In some books, witches can cure sickness with herbs. In some, they can cast curses. In other ones, they dance naked under moonlight. In still others, they talk to devils and do evil things during the night." The tall woman softened, her pursed lips relaxing slightly. "I daresay witches do many of those things, though not the talking-to-devils part," she said, eyes flickering with amusement. "And I've never met a witch that admitted to dancing naked, let alone outside." Hermione turned to her parents, practically bouncing with excitement. They both looked skeptical. "And there's a school for this?" her father asked. "Where Hermione will learn to turn into a cat too?" "If she works very hard, she might," the woman confirmed, and Hermione let out a small squeal of excitement, dancing around. "Mum, Dad, you have to let me go!" she exclaimed. "This is why those kids always ended up getting hurt – I'm magic, and I was protecting myself!" Her parents exchanged a meaningful look, but Hermione was too excited to care. Her parents had been discussing moving her into a new school again already, there had been so many incidents. They'd give in eventually. She knew they would. "Professor McGonagall, what else will I learn?" she asked. "Are there spell books? Are there grimoires? Is there an acceptance ritual? Do I join a coven?" Professor McGonagall looked like she was trying not to laugh. "There are spell books, yes," she told her. "First Year students will take Transfiguration, which I teach, as well as Charms, Herbology, Astronomy, Potions, and Defense Against the Dark Arts." "Dark Arts?" Hermione's father suddenly looked alarmed. Professor McGonagall nodded, unfazed. "There are magical creatures that you could never imagine that witches and wizards might encounter, and defense against them is crucial," she said, her voice firm. "There is also the matter of self-defense. Just as non-magical people have criminals and killers, so does the wizarding world. We have the equivalent of your police force to chase them and hunt them down, but knowing self-defense will only help a student as they go out into the world." Hermione's mother was nodding slowly. "My university required a basic self-defense course," she said. "This doesn't sound too different." Hermione didn't care. She was going to learn magic-! "Can I go now?" Hermione asked, bouncing. "Do I get to go now?" Professor McGonagall looked down at her fondly. "Unfortunately, your term has yet to start," she told her. "I have brought your acceptance letter, however, and I can take you to Diagon Alley to get your school supplies early, if you'd like." She handed Hermione a letter, which the girl opened with reverent fingers, almost shaking. HOGWARTS SCHOOL of WITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Granger, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Hermione paused. "You communicate by owl?" she asked, and the woman nodded. Hermione went back to reading, before slowly gazing up at the tall woman with a look of dawning horror. "September 1st?" she asked, panic slowly creeping into her voice. "September first? But – but today is September 19th!" Professor McGonagall nodded. "Term always begins on the first of September." "But- but then I've missed it!" Hermione clutched her letter, horrified. "I'll- I'll be three whole weeks behind! Everyone else will be so far ahead of me already! I'll have to do loads of make-up work and-" "On the contrary, Miss Granger, you are getting your letter quite early." She fixed Hermione with a look. "Students begin Hogwarts when they are eleven years of age, and not a moment before. Your year of Hogwarts will begin in just shy of a full year." Hope blossomed in Hermione's heart. "So- so then I'm not behind," she said slowly. "I can get my school books and start practicing magic now, right?" McGonagall hesitated. "It is highly unusual to give a Muggleborn student her letter so far in advance of their school year beginning," she said slowly. "It is usually done the summer prior to the start of term. However…" She looked uncomfortable. "However?" Hermione prompted. "…The Ministry of Magic, in light of your most recent Accidental Magic use, has judged that if you were made aware of your magic, you might be able to stem such accidents, so the Obliviation Team would not have quite so much work to do," she said, watching Hermione. Hermione processed what had just been said. "…so I get to learn about magic early because I stuck all the bullies together?" she asked. "You get to learn about magic early because the Ministry deems a ten-year-old child who is able to spontaneously fuse the legs of three people into one single leg, and then break that leg while she is running away as a threat," McGonagall said firmly. "That much magic to use uncontrolled, without a wand, is impressive indeed, but dangerous to have running around. I will take you to get your things, help you get set up with a small study station, and we will give you a proper place to channel your magic into." Hermione beamed up at Professor McGonagall, who offered her a small smile back. Even Hermione's parents were smiling now, seemingly relieved that Hermione's 'incidents' now had a solution. Hermione was going to be a witch!
Breakfast the next morning was an odd affair for Hermione. It was clear from the looks she was getting that Pansy had spread the story that she was claiming to be New Blood, not a Muggleborn. Draco was giving her subtle glances all through breakfast, and Theo Nott was openly appraising her, as if she were an antique. Hermione, following the edict of "fake it 'til you make it", chatted with Tracy and Millicent about their schedule. Transfiguration and Defense against the Dark Arts were on the schedule for today, and Millicent was not pleased with it. "Starting the week off with Transfiguration?" she groaned. "It's one of the hardest classes. That'll be great." "One of the hardest?" Hermione questioned, and Tracey nodded vigorously. "Transfiguration has all these tiny wand movements, and each one means something different, plus you have to hold the transfiguration in your head as you do it… it's really hard," she said. "It's one of the most useful parts of magic, right after Charms, but only if you're good at it, and it's hard to get good at it." "Hey, Granger," Theo said suddenly. Hermione turned, raising an eyebrow. "I bet I can master the first assignment in Transfiguration before you can," he said, giving her a challenging grin. Hermione felt a thrill as her eyes widened – finally, the first chance to prove herself. But was she ready? "You're on," she bet, giving him a grin back. "What're the stakes?" "If I win, you have to be my House Elf for a week," he told her. His grin was more malicious now. "You'll have to obey every order I make, and wear the outfit, too." Draco and Blaise were sniggering now, sharing a mean look. Hermione hid her confusion. House Elf…? "And if I win, you have to be my bodyguard and personal assistant for the week," she retaliated. "Carry my books, throw yourself in front of me to intercept deadly curses, that sort of thing." Theo looked somewhat alarmed that she expected deadly curses to be thrown at her already, while Tracey and Millicent were giggling. With a glance back at his friends, Theo nodded. "Deal," he said, sticking out his hand. Hermione took it and shook, her eyes flashing with anticipation. "Deal." Professor McGonagall taught Transfiguration, Hermione had remembered, and she happily sat in the front row, ready to learn. McGonagall had been a force at her parents' home when introducing her to magic, and Hermione didn't think she'd ever be able to look on the woman with anything but gratitude and respect, even though she was the head of a rival house. McGonagall, for her part, nodded briefly at her when she entered, though it could have been just a nod to the students at large. Hermione made sure her things were ready. She was sitting in the front with Tracey and Millicent to her left, though they'd complained when she'd dragged them to the front row. Slytherin shared this class with the Ravenclaws, and a boy called Anthony Goldstein was sitting to her right. McGonagall launched into her lecture with no nonsense. After a brief definition of Transfiguration, she promptly turned her desk into a pig and back, garnering awed gasps from the crowd, including Hermione. The rest of the class, however, was highly technical. She introduced the simple wand movements necessary for "basic" level transfigurations, and there were sixteen of them. Hermione took meticulous notes, though she knew there was a reference chart in the back of her book. Sketching out the movement of McGonagall's wand as she demonstrated each gesture was a little easier to follow than the static ink-drawn pictures in the book, and she hoped it might help her more. After demonstrating all the movements and explaining the right mindset necessary to complete a proper Transfiguration, she handed out matchsticks, and gave them their first assignment: turn the matchstick into a needle. Hermione stared at the matchstick, almost aghast. This was their first assignment? This? This was the example covered in the third chapter of the book! Please. Knowing she needed to hurry to beat Theo, Hermione held the image of the matchstick transforming firmly in her head, wiggled her wand, and jabbed. The matchstick transfigured into a needle. Hermione smiled. The needle was flawless. Hermione was pleased to see that she'd even managed to keep the eye of the needle big enough to fit a thread through it this time – that was the only part she'd struggled with when she'd practiced at home. "Oh, Miss Granger-! Well done!" Hermione looked up to Professor McGonagall standing over her. She picked up the needle and examined it, before dropping it back on the desk, where it made a soft ting of metal. "I have never seen a student succeed on this so quickly," she said, and Hermione thought there might be an undertone of pride in her voice. "Five points to Slytherin!" A murmur ran throughout the class, and Hermione turned around in her seat to look at Theo, raising her eyebrows and shooting him an expectant look. Theo was staring at her, his eyes huge. Hermione blinked, feeling slightly uncomfortable. Theo didn't look away, and Draco and Blaise next to him were also looking at her with darting glances, whispering to each other. "That's enough," McGonagall commanded, and the classroom fell silent. "Back to your assignment – let's see who else can get it." Hermione turned back around in her chair, feeling uneasy, but McGonagall gave her a small smile. "Let's give you more of a challenge to work on, shall we?" There was a thwock as a large wooden dowel hit her desk, and Hermione looked up at McGonagall in surprise. "Transfigure this into a lead pipe," McGonagall instructed. "The basics for the transfiguration are the same – wood to metal, a hole in it – though the exact structure is different. The size will be more of a challenge – you will need to draw on your power more than I expect you needed to with the needle." Hermione looked at the dowel. It sat on her desk intimidatingly, and she looked back up at McGonagall, hesitant. "You'll get extra credit and points for Slytherin if you succeed, but don't worry if you don't – it's meant to be a challenge for you to work on and eventually overcome," McGonagall said. "You've already earned full marks for this class." McGonagall walked away to circle through the other students, correcting wand motions and offering advice, while Hermione looked at the dowel. Draw on her power…? Hermione wasn't quite sure what that meant. Focusing on the dowel, Hermione envisioned it Transfiguring, squiggled her wand and jabbed. Just as she expected, the dowel lay on her desk, unchanged. A larger piece of wood was bound to be harder to change. Hermione opted to not focus so much on succeeding, now, as trying to understand the other part of McGonagall's statement. It made sense, in a way. Presuming McGonagall had been talking about magical power, it made sense in a way for Hermione to have a certain amount of magical power inside her that the wand was channeling out through her. The matchstick to needle hadn't seemed to take much – it'd been so little that Hermione had barely noticed it. But the dowel… Focusing, Hermione attempted the transfiguration again. This time, she could feel it, almost – something flowing out of her, attempting to encompass the wooden dowel, but falling short, and flowing back into her through the wand. It all happened so fast, it was hard to tell… but she felt like that had to be it. It had to be what McGonagall was talking about. Hermione bit her lip. How was she supposed to use more power? Was there a way to push more out automatically? Hermione continued experimenting, unaware of both Anthony and Tracey shooting her wide-eyed looks as they struggled with their own matchsticks. It seemed, to Hermione, that the only way to get more power out of her was to push it out. There was nothing in her Transfiguration book about it, and Hermione guessed that maybe the "power level" she could use would go up automatically, like a muscle, as she practiced. Her eyes narrowed. If her magic reserves were like a muscle, it was possible she could push them past their normal capability, just like an Olympian weightlifter in the heat of the moment. Hermione raised her wand. The bell rang a moment later, and the class around her got out of their seats, brushing by McGonagall assigned 6 inches on the basics of wood to metal transfiguration. Hermione blinked, coming back to herself, before hurriedly gathering up her things into her bag and leaving, trailing after the rest of her classmates. As McGonagall went around the classroom, picking up the matchsticks, some of which students had managed to turn kind of a shiny silver, she stopped in front of Hermione's desk. Slowly, as if someone was playing a joke on her, she reached forward and picked up the shiny pipe from Hermione's desk. As if in a dream, she dropped it. It made a dong that reverberated within it when it hit the desk, and McGonagall made a strangled noise, as if she didn't know whether to laugh or gasp. Taking the lead pipe and setting it aside, McGonagall finally allowed a smile to escape. "Fifty points to Slytherin," she murmured, "for beating my own record in this class."
September 20, 1990 - One year prior . . Diagon Alley was a feast for her eyes. Professor McGonagall was being very patient and tolerant with her, even as Hermione bombarded her with questions. "Self-stirring? Does that mean that there's a spoon that's enchanted to stir the cauldron, or does the cauldron itself have an enchantment on it that causes a whirlpool inside it so everything gets stirred up?" "It means an enchanted stirring rod," McGonagall said, without showing a trace of weariness. "Come – we're at Gringotts, the Wizard Bank." Hermione turned her eyes to the huge white marble building, her eyes scanning the windows of the doors to read the ominous warning placed there. "That's… very direct," she mused aloud. "Muggle banks don't have any threats written on the doors like this. I wonder if they should…?" McGonagall tugged her through the doors. The sheer size of the bank, the teller desk, and the sight of the odd creatures manning the desks nearly sent Hermione into a faint. "Goblins," McGonagall murmured in an undertone. "Don't insult them." "Goblins…?" McGonagall led her over to desk with a goblin, who looked down at her with a nasty look. "I am Bloodthorne," he informed her. Hermione hesitated. "Pleased to meet you, Bloodthorne," Hermione said, offering him a small bow, her mind scrambling for any sort of etiquette that might be appropriate here. "I am Hermione Granger. Pleased to meet you." She offered him a small, nervous smile. "I would like to change this Muggle money over to wizarding money, if it's not too much trouble…?" The goblin looked down at her with a hard stare, before sitting back. "No trouble at all," he told her, the nasty look on his face somewhat lessened. "Do you have bank notes or a check?" Hermione scrambled to open her purse. "Ah, a check. Is that alright?" She handed it over to Bloodthorne, who took it and examined it with a magnifying glass. "It appears everything is in order," he told her. "Will you be wanting this in cash or placed in a vault?" Hermione looked up at McGonagall, lost. "Ah… a 'vault'?" "We will be needing to open a vault for Miss Granger today as well," McGonagall told the goblin, "but most of it in coin, if you please." The goblin nodded. "Hand, please?" Hermione reached over to him, and was surprised when instead of taking her thumbprint, he stabbed her with a small needle, drawing blood. "Ow!" "We need a blood sample to establish your vault," he told her. "Vaults are carried through family lines, and you are the first to establish your line." Hermione looked at him curious. "Family lines…?" Bloodthorne ignored her. "This check will get you 123 galleons and 6 sickles. We can open the vault by leaving the 20 galleons in it and give you the rest in coin. Is this acceptable?" McGonagall opened her mouth to speak, when Hermione interrupted. "I'm sorry to delay you, but can I see the exchange rate from galleons to pounds, please?" Both Bloodthorne and McGonagall raised their eyebrows, but Bloodthorne wordlessly handed down a sheet of parchment for Hermione to look over. Hermione squinted at the paper, searching for the information she was looking for. There weren't percentages noted – just how many pounds to the galleon the bank was currently offering. "Professor, how much is a bottled drink in the Wizarding world?" she asked. "Or some other good that exists in both worlds?" McGonagall considered. "A butterbeer is 2 sickles," she told her. "It'd be roughly equivalent to a beer at a muggle pub." Hermione considered. "How many sickles to a galleon?" "Seventeen." Hermione considered, mentally scratching things out as she multiplied. "…you're taking nearly twenty percent in the exchange!" she exclaimed. "That check is for 750 pounds – a perfect conversion would be roughly 150 galleons!" The goblin sneered. "The price of doing business." "That's ridiculous," Hermione insisted. "Standard exchange rates are 0.13!" "Not in the wizarding world." "I want at least 145 galleons," Hermione told him fiercely. "That's still nearly 5% pure profit for you." Bloodthorne looked horrified. "I would never-" "It's just an exchange. Surely you'll make a profit over having me as a customer and using my account to hold water for your loans?" Bloodthorne stopped short at that. His eyes narrowed suspiciously, a greedy glint sparking inside. "…loans?" Hermione's eyes widened. "Do you… do you literally just hoard piles of gold underground?" she said. She whirled around to face McGonagall. "Professor, how does this banking system work? I need to know what kind of-" "Perhaps another day, Miss Granger," McGonagall said gently. "We have a lot we need to get done." Hermione turned back to Bloodthorne, who was looking at her with a new respect in his eyes. "Ten percent," he told her. "And you will come back to discuss this 'loan' business with me later, once you have settled into the wizarding world." "Deal," Hermione said firmly, offering him her hand. The goblin stared at her hand as if it were grossly offensive, and Hermione was afraid she'd made some horrible mistake, before the goblin grabbed her hand firmly and grinned. He had a mouth full of very, very pointy teeth. "Deal." Flourish and Blotts was, by far, Hermione's favorite place in Diagon Alley. There were so many books. It was incredible. And they were spell books. Well, some of them. Others looked like cookbooks. But still-! Hermione barely restrained the urge to dance around in glee. Steadying herself to act in a normal manner, she set about finding her assigned textbooks. Most of the textbooks were fairly easy to find – the store had a display in the back with what seemed to be standard textbooks for all the years. Hermione picked up her own, then, after a moment's hesitation, grabbed The Standard Book of Spells for grades 2, 3, and 4 as well. Intermediate Transfiguration went into her basket along with her assigned A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration, and she grabbed The Essential Defense Against the Dark Arts and Defensive Magical Theory. She took Magical Drafts and Potions, One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, as well as Book of Potions, and she grabbed Perfecting your Potions from a nearby shelf to round out her collection, though it looked less like a textbook and more like a nonfiction guide intended for adults. As tempted as she was to grab more, Hermione knew that the others on the table looked a bit more advanced. She'd always be able to come back and get them later, right? It wasn't as if she wouldn't have access to buy spell books next year. She could come back whenever she wanted. Hermione roamed around the store, looking for information on the wizarding world in general. She picked up a few history texts (one for ancient, one for 17th-20th centuries, and one for more recent history), as well as a couple on wizarding society in general. She was just considering which etiquette guide to get (The Finest of Fine Manners or Pureblood Customs and Manners) when she was interrupted. "You're New Blood." Hermione turned to see a very pale blonde girl right behind her, standing almost too close to be appropriate. Her hair had an odd kink to it that made it sort of float around, and she was wearing earrings made of bottle caps. Hermione stared. "New Blood?" she repeated. The girl nodded, and Hermione watched as the girl's eyes abruptly rolled back in her head. Her mouth opened, and her voice was not the airy, light tone she had used a moment ago. "The viper borne to Muggles shall be the New Blood to change the world By clearing the cluttered path with those who answer her call Whether gifted or claimed, true, faked, or false, pure magic unfurled, The she-serpent borne of teeth shall rise and triumph over them all." The girl's eyes swam before refocusing. She turned to face Hermione, who looked horrified. "Did I do it again?" the girl sighed. "I'm trying to get better at channeling it through my conscious mind instead of subconscious. Did I at least get the New Blood part in?" Wordlessly, Hermione nodded. "Good," the girl said simply. Hermione looked at the girl, who looked back at her, her eyes neutral. "Are… are you quoting something?" Hermione said slowly. The girl tilted her head. "I don't think so," she said. "I mean, I'm not sure, because I don't remember what I said, but prophecies generally aren't quoted from something else. I've never heard of one being like that, at any rate." "A- a prophecy?" Hermione felt a sudden hand of terror squeezing around her heart. "You- you can see the future?" The girl smiled. "Kind of?" she offered. "I can see bits and pieces of the most likely paths sometimes, but not entirely." She smiled at Hermione. "Don't worry – the future isn't predestined. You still have your free will." Slowly, Hermione relaxed. "I'm Hermione Granger," Hermione told the girl, offering her a hand. "I'm going to Hogwarts next year." "I'm Luna Lovegood," the girl told her. She put something into Hermione's hand instead of shaking it. "I'll be in Hogwarts the year after you." Hermione turned over the object Luna had put in her hand to see an ugly sort of crystallized flower. She looked up at Luna quizzically. "To ward off humdingers," Luna said, nodding. "Keep it on you to keep them away." "…Thanks," said Hermione, pocketing it. "I'll be sure to keep it nearby." Luna beamed at Hermione, and Hermione smiled back slowly. "Luna," Hermione said suddenly, an idea abruptly occurring. "Do you know what other books I might need to take with me to school that aren't on the book list?" Luna paused. "…I don't know specifically, but I can suggest things that might be important for someone who wants to change the world?" Luna ventured. "Here…" By the time Luna and Hermione were done, Hermione had both books on etiquette, a book called The Pureblood Directory, a couple more books on Magical Theory and History, a book on modern laws and another on how the Ministry of Magic worked, and, to her shock, a book called The Call of the Dark, as well as one called Grey, both of which looked… ominous. "It's important to be well-rounded," Luna said, helping her carry her books up to the front. "That means knowing about good as well as evil." She flashed her a small smile. "Just don't get caught!" The man at the counter dully counted up her books, and when the total was announced, Hermione was immediately glad she'd come here last – she'd used up nearly all of her remaining funds. She was glad she'd argued with the goblin – the last twenty galleons had made a difference. As her books were bundled up, Hermione looked at Luna and paused. "…here," she said. Hermione took off her charm bracelet and put it on Luna's wrist. Luna held it up in front of her face, looking at it curiously. "What is it?" she asked. "It's… Muggle magic," Hermione told her. "Each charm represents something specific, and each will protect you or bless you." She showed them to Luna. "Right now, it has one for good luck, one for knowledge, and one for happiness. But you can get more, for whatever you want, out in the Muggle world." Luna looked at Hermione and beamed. "I've never had Muggle magic before!" she said. "My Dad doesn't really ever venture out into the Muggle world, but I'll be sure to use your charms!" "Hermione?" "I have to go," Hermione told Luna, disappointed at hearing McGonagall's voice. She was excited to meet another witch her age, to learn what magical life might be like. "I'll- I'll see you in school?" she added. Luna nodded, smiling. "In a couple years. We can be the best of friends." Hermione's eyes widened, and she blinked rapidly, lest Luna see her tears. She'd never had a friend at school before. "Best of friends," Hermione told her, gripping her hands tightly, before grabbing her bags of books and hurrying out of the store. "Good-bye, Luna!" "Good-bye, Lady Granger," Luna intoned, with a smile. "May Magic guide you as you follow your New Blood and found a Great House." Hermione was confused at that, and as she leaned back to ask Luna another question, McGonagall pulled her back out onto the street, exclaiming at the number of books she'd purchased, and helping her fit them all into her new cauldron before they set off for home. Hermione ran over Luna's words in her mind over and over and over. New Blood? What did that even mean?
Defense was shared with the Hufflepuffs, and was, quite frankly, a joke. Professor Quirrell couldn't stop stuttering, and as he instructed them, he seemed terrified of his own subject manner. His lecture was awful and hard to follow, and about halfway through, Hermione stopped taking notes. Quirrell had already given them the wrong instructions for two of the jinxes in the book that Hermione had already practiced and seen work. If he didn't know what he was talking about, what good was his course? Idly, Hermione looked at the syllabus he'd handed out, checking to see if attendance was a grading factor like it was in Transfiguration. "Tell me if he says what the homework assignment is," Hermione whispered to Theo. "I'm not listening to this prattle if I don't have to." Theo gave her an astonished look as Hermione opened the textbook, hid it underneath her desk, and began to read. Hermione hid her smile. She had approached Theo sweetly after lunch and insisted he carry her books for her to their next class, reminding him to block any incoming curses along the way. Blaise and Tracey had laughed uproariously, while Draco had watched on with a curious expression. Theo had scowled while Pansy outright glared, but he'd thrust his arms out accommodatingly and escorted her to Defense like a perfect gentleman, to Hermione's deep satisfaction. When the class ended, Hermione swept up her books and jotted down the homework assignment (6 inches on methods to repel vampires) and looked at Theo, who was looking at her with dread. "I'd like to go to the library for the rest of the afternoon," she told him. "Carry my books there?" Theo made a face, but obligingly gathered up her books. Hermione enjoyed the looks of shock, confusion, and satisfaction that flickered across other students' faces as they caught sight of Theo escorting her to the library. Any attention she could get at this point that made people wonder about her, Hermione figured, would help lay the groundwork for people thinking she was 'special'. "Theo," she said, as they continued up the staircases, "why was it such a shock to you when I transfigured the matchstick? Theo gave her a look, but this one Hermione couldn't read. "Two reasons," he said slowly, watching her reactions. "First, it's supposed to be a difficult assignment. It's a challenge, and it's what we'll still be working on next class, if the prefects were telling the truth. It usually takes the week for people to master." Hermione's eyes widened. She hadn't realized that when Theo had made his challenge, he was thinking long-term, throughout the week. He'd probably planned to get ahead by working on it outside of class – not to achieve it first thing. "Second," he said, his eyes holding hers, "is you're Muggleborn. You're not supposed to have strong magical power, at all." Hermione scoffed. "First, I'm New Blood," she corrected. "Second, regardless of what I'm supposed to have, I do." "That's the thing," Theo said, his expression unreadable. "It generally works like this: Purebloods are the strongest; their blood is pure, and their magic has been passed down undiluted for centuries. Next are halfbloods; with half Muggle blood, you can't expect them to be as strong as a pureblood, no matter how hard they try. Muggleborns are the weakest, of course – their magic is just a fluke, and they'll never reach the level of a proper witch or wizard." "But you…" he cast his eyes over her, and Hermione fought the urge to flinch. "You mastered that challenge without a thought. It was like it was child's play to you – you didn't even hesitate. That's a kind of power that hasn't been seen in a while, even though it's just a first-year class." Hermione gathered her nerve and looked at Theo directly. "Maybe I'm telling the truth, then," she said, her eyes holding his. "Maybe when I say I'm New Blood, I'm not lying, like you all are so desperate to believe." There was a poignant silence as she stared him down. Theo broke eye contact first, looking away. "Maybe so," he said, shoving her bag at her. "We're at the library. Am I dismissed?" He sneered. Hermione grinned, and swept him a curtsey, or as best she could do in her school skirt. "You're dismissed, Theodore," she said in her most regal voice. "I'll expect you at dinner to escort me back, of course, but otherwise, enjoy your free time." Theo stalked away from the library, anger in his every move, and Hermione fought the urge to giggle as she went into the Hogwarts library, excited.
August 31, 1991 - 24 hours before the sorting ceremony . . When the summer was finally over, and the day finally came to pack up her things and get ready to go to King's Cross in the morning, Hermione couldn't contain her excitement as she ran around in a tizzy, making sure she had everything, double and triple-checking her list for all her books and supplies. Her parents watched her from the sofa, her mother leaning against her father, one of his arms over her shoulder, holding her snug into his body. They both wore a nostalgic expression as they watched their daughter, fondness and love in their eyes. "So what are you going to become now, if not the Prime Minister?" her father teased her. "A cat?" "Dad!" Hermione objected. "A cat isn't a job!" Her mother laughed. "We're just curious, dear," she said, smiling. "What kind of jobs are there for fully-trained witches?" "Lots of things," Hermione said strongly. "There are so many I barely know where to start. I want to go to classes first and see what I like, and then narrow it down from there." "You seem good at Transfiguration," her father remarked. "You've gotten the toothpick to turn into a needle." Hermione scowled. "I still can't get the eye in it." "It'll come," he dismissed. "What are some of these possibilities, Hermione?" "Well, there are government posts, of course. They have someone like the Prime Minister – the Minister of Magic," Hermione explained. "So maybe that. There's also a governing legislature called the Wizengamot. It seems like it's mostly hereditary seats, so that might be harder." "Would you like that?" her mother pushed. "Government work?" "I have no idea," Hermione admitted. "I could become a Healer – a magical doctor." She sighed. "Maybe I'll just go on and get a mastery in something – it's like a PhD, but magical. And then I'll experiment with magic forever, and learn the limits of the universe…" Her parents laughed. "Well, so long as there are viable options, I suppose you have time to decide," her father said, grinning. "Be sure to write us once you're sorted, darling! We have a bet going on where you'll go." Hermione looked up from putting her books away in her trunk, horrified. "You do?" "We do," her mother confirmed, a smile playing around her lips. "And we won't tell you what houses we've bet on – it might influence where you go." Hermione gave them a dirty look as she finished packing up her things, her parents laughing behind her. Though she had been excited the previous night, now that she was standing on the platform, Hermione was nervous. "I will miss you so, so much," she said, hugging her parents tightly. "I promise I'll write, and I promise I'll do well!" Her mother stroked her hair fondly. "We have no worries about you doing well," she assured her. "Just… try to make friends there, too, love. Don't just focus on your studies." Hermione took a step back and took a deep breath, trying to settle herself. "Okay." "And don't fuse anyone's legs together," her father reminded her. "Dad!" Hermione's cheeks flamed. He laughed. "Have a good term," he told her, giving her a hug. "We'll see you at Christmas." Hermione murmured her final goodbyes and turned to face the wall on the platform with her cart, steadying her heart. Putting utter faith in the magic, she strode forward strongly toward it, though she closed her eyes at the last moment, convinced she was about to crash. She didn't. The sounds around her abruptly changed, and when she opened her eyes, there was a large train there, emblazoned with The Hogwarts Express. She had done it. Happily, Hermione set about getting her trolley onto the train so she could unload it. She had made her parents arrive purposefully early so she could get her bearings. It was heavier than she thought, and after fighting with it to get it up the ramp, she gave up and looked around for help. "Hey! Hey, excuse me?" The boy she called out to looked to be about her age, and was wandering around aimlessly on the platform, as if looking for something. "Will you help me get my trunk onto the train?" she asked. "I can't quite get it myself." The boy looked surprised at having been asked, but gamely came over, helping her lug it up the ramp. "This is heavy," he said, gasping a bit. "What's in here?" "A lot of books," Hermione admitted. "I read a lot." The boy offered her a shy smile. "I like plants a lot," he said. "I'm looking forward to Herbology." "Oh, you're a first year too?" As they fought to get Hermione's trunk onto the train, Hermione learned that her new acquaintance was called Neville Longbottom, and was fairly clumsy, but very nice. He had accidentally lost his toad, Trevor, somewhere on the train when he was putting his own trunk on, and he was worried he had escaped onto the platform. He had grown up with magic, and he was from one of the Sacred 28 pureblood families. He was nothing like anyone else she had ever met, and she immediately decided that she wanted him for a friend. "There!" she said, clapping her hands as they finally got the trunk settled. She turned to Neville and beamed. "Thank you!" Neville blushed, rubbing his head. "It was nothing." "Nevertheless, I really appreciate it." She smiled at him. "Let's go look for your toad now." Neville looked surprised. "You'll… come look with me?" he said, uncertain. "Of course," Hermione said, surprised. "I'm going to help you. Isn't that what friends do for each other?" A small smile touched Neville's lips, and Hermione didn't miss how his face colored. "Friends," he murmured. Hermione marched past him, taking control of the search. Together, they searched the entire length of the platform in a systematic way, ensuring that no toad could escape their gaze. It was a challenge once the platform started to get more crowded, but they managed. Neville was crushed, but Hermione kept her head up. "This is good," Hermione said firmly. "This means that Trevor is safely on the train. We can look for him while we're on the way to Hogwarts, and he's not in as much danger of being stepped on as he would be out here." Neville looked mildly alarmed by that, but he allowed himself to be guided onto the train. "My gran dropped me off early this morning," he said. "She- she had somewhere else she had to be. I'm glad she's not here. She'd be so disappointed to know I lost something already." Hermione hesitated. If she wanted Neville as a friend, she'd need to be nice, not just say what was on her mind. "Accidents happen," she said finally, firmly. "It will be okay, Neville. We'll find your toad." She left unsaid 'Why wasn't he in a cage?' It wouldn't be a helpful thought to express, she thought. Once the train started, Hermione and Neville began systematically searching the train, starting at the back, working their way forward. Neville was unsure of disturbing compartments of older students, but Hermione pushed him to anyway – if his toad was important, surely it was important enough to overcome his shyness for. Hermione had no problem putting her shoulders back, tossing her hair, and asking each compartment if they'd seen a toad. Most compartments just shook their heads no, but a couple smiled at her indulgently – what a precious little first year. She scowled, after closing one such compartment door. Precious little firstie indeed. Maybe now, but she'd grow up in to someone powerful and important. She opened the next compartment door. Inside were two boys who looked to be about her age. One was tall and gangly, with ginger hair and blue eyes. The other had dark, messy hair and green eyes. He looked underfed. They were both not wearing robes. "Have you seen a toad?" she asked. "Neville's lost one." "We've already told him we haven't seen it," said the red-headed one. Hermione nodded absently, looking at his wand. "Are you doing magic?" she asked. "Let's see it, then." She sat down on the bench next to the black-haired boy. She was curious to see what the redhead could do and compare herself to someone else her age. "Er – all right." The boy cleared his throat. "Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow, Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow." He waved his wand, but nothing happened. His rat stayed asleep. Hermione's first instinct was to point out that his rhyme wasn't a real spell at all, but she hesitated. Her mother had urged her to make friends, and she didn't want to be unbearable here, did she? "Where'd you get that spell?" she asked finally. "I've never heard of one like that." The boy scowled. "My brother," he said. "He was probably playing a joke." Hermione considered the situation. "No matter," she said diplomatically. "We'll be at school shortly, and I'm sure we can learn the real spell then, if you want." The boy blinked, before looking at her with interest. "Who are you, anyway?" That was quite a rude way to ask for someone's name, but Hermione let it slide. "I'm Hermione Granger," she said, inclining her head. "And you are…?" "Ron Weasley," the redhead boy muttered. "Harry Potter," said the black-haired boy. "Are you really?" Hermione said, surprised. "…wait, I take that back. What a stupid question. Of course you know who you are. It just didn't occur to me that you'd be in my year in school. The books all glorified your infancy, and never really went into what happened after the fall of Voldemort." Ron hissed on the seat across from her, but Harry looked interested. "I'm in books?" "Of course – you're in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts. You're also in Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. They all pretty much say the same thing, though," she said, shrugging. "Voldemort came to kill you, couldn't, and was somehow vanquished." She looked at him for a long moment, looking at his scar, and Harry looked uncomfortable. Hermione bit her lip, considering. "Well, the books didn't tell me anything really important, like what you were like," she said, offering Harry a smile. "Tell me, Harry – are you excited for Hogwarts?" Gradually, Harry started to relax, and the three started talking. When Neville trailed back up the train, Hermione pulled him in with her, and the four chatted. Ron was excited for Defense Against the Dark Arts, while Neville was looking forward to Herbology. Harry didn't really seem to have a grasp of the classes, so talk soon turned to houses. "I hope I'm in Gryffindor," Neville told them, "but I bet I get Hufflepuff. My Dad was in Gryffindor – I think my gran will be disappointed if I go anywhere else." "All my brothers are in Gryffindor," Ron said. "That's probably where I'll go. I don't suppose Ravenclaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin." Hermione stiffened. "That's the house Vol- I mean, You-Know-Who was in?" Harry asked. "Yeah," Ron confirmed. "A lot of Dark Wizards come out of Slytherin," Neville added. Hermione couldn't hold her tongue any longer. "Merlin was in Slytherin," she told them. "So were five of the last seven Ministers of Magic. A particular house doesn't mean you're a Dark Wizard." Ron shot her a look. "All of You-Know-Who's Death Eaters came out of Slytherin," he told her. "That's a lie," she shot back. "Sirius Black was a Gryffindor, Carlisle Selwyn was a Ravenclaw. Maybe more came from Slytherin, but that makes sense, if that was Voldemort's house – they'd have been his friends, wouldn't they?" Ron and Neville had both shuddered at her casual use of the word Voldemort, but Harry looked thoughtful. "That makes sense," Harry said. "If there was a house of all Dark Wizards, they'd probably just shut it down." "Why do you care?" Ron sneered. "You said your parents were muggles. Slytherin's full of blood purists, so it's not like you'll end up there." Hermione held her tongue back from lashing out. Now would not be the time to pick a fight, or to explain about being New Blood. These boys weren't about to listen, anyway. "I just think it's unfair to be prejudiced against an entire house for the actions of a few individuals," she said carefully. "What if one of us ends up in a different house than the rest of us? I want us all to still be able to be friends." She gave them a small, hopeful smile, and Neville returned it. "I'll still be your friend, if you'll have me," Neville said. "Even if I'm in Hufflepuff." Ron and Harry glanced at each other and nodded, then nodded back to Hermione. "We're friends now," Harry pronounced. "Houses don't matter. We can always hang out outside of class, right?" "Of course." She smiled, and he smiled softly back at her. There was a pause, before Hermione remembered. "Legs rested enough, Neville?" she asked, standing and stretching. "We still need to find Trevor." Neville nodded, getting to his feet. Hermione glanced back at Harry and Ron. "We're probably getting close. You might want to put your robes on soon," she advised. "We'll be seeing you." The search for the toad continued to be unsuccessful. With a sigh, Hermione and Neville agreed that maybe it'd be easier for someone to search the train after all the students were gone, and they headed back to the compartment they'd shared with Harry and Ron. "-don't want to be in his house," Harry was saying as they entered. "He'll be in Slytherin for sure," Ron told him darkly. "Malfoys were all on the Dark Side. No question." Hermione held back the urge to laugh at Ron's mention of "the Dark Side," imagining for just a moment that Ron spoke the phrase in Darth Vader's ominous tones. She bit back a grin; anyone who feared Lord Voldemort so much that they couldn't speak the name aloud probably wasn't ready to hear about the terrible Lord Vader. "You met Malfoy?" Neville said, taking a seat. Harry explained the altercation he'd just had with Draco Malfoy and his two goons. As he talked, Hermione's heart slowly sank. They were going to have an even lower opinion of Slytherin House now. If she did end up sorted there, she'd have to make sure they saw her, and not the color of her tie, in order to stay friends with them. Hermione had never had friends before. She didn't want to give these first ones up. Despite that, though, Hermione knew if she needed to, she would. She had plans, and rumors to whisper and connections to make. She knew Slytherin would help her reach her greatness, and if that meant she had to cut ties with her first friends, she would. The rest of the train ride, Neville and Ron were animatedly explaining Quidditch to Harry, and Hermione let the gentle rocking of the train lull her into a doze, filled with dreams of lions, snakes, and eagles, all fighting in some magical valley far, far away.
There were books! There were books upon books upon books, and Hermione could hardly stand it. All of that magic! All of that knowledge! Just waiting for her! Forcing herself to calm down, Hermione focused on her mission: figure out what McGonagall meant by "power reserves". It sounded important, and like something so basic that it might be assumed that everyone already knew what it was. It took Hermione a while to work out the library's organization and filing system, and she was grateful when she finally found a card catalog. Moreso, the card catalog was enchanted, each card leading her directly to its book, and Hermione had quickly amassed three books that looked promising. As she headed to a table, she was surprised to see two others in the library. "Harry! Neville!" Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom looked up at her, surprised, and she hurried over to sit with them. Madam Pince, the librarian, shot them all a glare, and Hermione quickly lowered her voice. "I'm so excited to see you again," she said. "How are you? How is your first day going?" Harry and Neville exchanged a slow look, before Harry spoke up. "We had Defense and Charms so far," Harry told her. "Charms was kind of fun," Neville ventured. "Professor Flitwick is really nice. He showed us how to make the ends of our wands glow. None of us quite got the hang of it, but he just told everyone to practice it for homework instead of assigning an essay, so that was nice." Hermione shot him a smile. "That sounds nice," she said. "Transfiguration was pretty intense. You're lucky you got something simple on your first day." She smiled at them, and slowly, Harry and Neville started to smile back. "What did you think of Defense?" Harry asked. "Quirrell said that he had the Slytherins right after us." Hermione immediately made a face. "He's an awful teacher," she proclaimed. "All the jinxes he went over? He did them wrong. I double checked him in two different books. And his lecture was terrible. I stopped listening halfway through." Harry and Neville grinned at her. "I thought he was awful, too," Harry said. "Just being in the same classroom as him lecturing gave me an awful headache-" "Guys! I got them—what's this?" Hermione looked up to see Ron Weasley standing over them with two books on vampires, glaring down at her. "I go to find books, and you guys start associating with a Slytherin?" he spat, and Hermione was struck by the venom in his tone. "What are you talking about, Ron?" Hermione said, shocked. "We all sat on the train and talked together. It's not like you don't know me." "That was before you were sorted into Slytherin," he said, sitting down next to Harry in a huff. He folded his arms and proceeded to glare at her, and Hermione paused, uncertain how to handle such unexpected rancor. "I'm still the same person I was when we were all talking and laughing on the train," she said slowly. "Does the color of my tie really matter so much?" "It does if it's green," Ron said firmly, and Hermione sighed. "Why?" Hermione said. "What do you have against Slytherins?" Ron's eyes flashed, and Hermione immediately regretted asking. "Slytherins are all a bunch of self-serving snakes," he said. "All of You-Know-Who's followers? They all came from Slytherin. All Dark Wizards come from Slytherin, and Slytherins are famous for doing awful pranks to the other houses and not getting caught. They're all fighting for the top spot, and they betray anyone they have to so they can get there. They cheat at Quidditch, too, and they're Pureblood elitists, who want to eradicate anyone who's not a Pureblood." He snarled this last bit, and Hermione blinked. "…you do realize that my parents are Muggles, right, Ron?" Hermione asked slowly. Ron's eyes fell on her, confusion coming to them, as he slowly settled down from his rant. "Your parents-?" "Both muggles. Dentists," Hermione said, nodding to Harry. "I don't know about the others, but I'm certainly not going to go on a campaign to eradicate anyone, for any reason, but especially not for blood status." Ron was looking at her with obvious confusion on his face now. "Then- how'd you get sorted into Slytherin?" he asked, bewildered. Hermione shrugged. "Probably because I'm ambitious," she admitted freely. "I always had high career aspirations as a child, and that hasn't changed – I just have magical goals now." Carefully, she offered him a small smile. "If you think all Slytherins are snakes who betray each other, can you consider that I'm 'betraying' them to come and hang out with you?" she asked. "Most of the Slytherins don't want to talk to me because my parents are Muggles." Harry's eyes jerked to hers, widening. "They're not talking to you?" he said, green eyes bright. Hermione nodded, then paused. "Well, except to make fun of me," she said. "Theo Nott challenged me to a bet, earlier, on who'd complete the Transfiguration assignment first, saying I'd have to be his House Elf for a week if I lost, and dress up in the uniform and everything." Harry's eyes didn't change, but Ron and Neville gasped with horror. "He didn't," Neville whispered, his eyes wide. "He did that to a fellow Slytherin?" Hermione blinked, somewhat confused. "Yes. Over breakfast. Luckily, I won the bet, but he still challenged me. I get the idea that I'm missing something, though. What's a House Elf?" Neville grimaced, while Ron shuddered. "They're these half-size, ruddy little things," he said. "They do all the rich Purebloods' scut work. And they wear these gross tunic things, like a pillowcase with holes in it. They're filthy all the time." Hermione's eyebrows rose until they couldn't climb any further onto her head. "He wanted to make me his slave?" she said, her voice somewhat shrill. "He wanted to make me wear a pillowcase?" A sharp command from Madam Pince paired with a harsh glare had them all quieting down, but Hermione still felt enraged. "I didn't realize it was as bad as all that!" she said, furious. "I don't feel nearly so bad for making him carry my books now for losing the bet. And wizards have slaves?" "They're not really slaves," Neville said quickly, looking down. "They're… they're a different species. They like the work. They live off of the bond they have to the family they serve, though some families abuse them. But it's not that bad, Hermione. Really." Neville was looking at her hesitantly, and Hermione wavered, before finally settling down in a huff. "Well, alright then," she said. She shot Ron a look. "Are we all going to work on our Defense essays together, or are we going to go on about how the Slytherin Muggleborn isn't allowed to sit with you anymore?" Ron looked ashamed, and he cracked open a book without another word. "I can't believe he gave us homework the first day," he groaned, and Hermione took the other book from him. "We'll be fine," Hermione said confidently. "Six inches is barely two paragraphs. We'll be able to get this done before dinner." Hermione finished her "essay" within half an hour – six inches was nothing, even if she shrunk her handwriting to try to get in enough detail. While her compatriots groaned and poured over the books she'd left out, Hermione had cracked open one of the books she'd found, The Powerful and the Pitiful, and begun to read. It was a fascinating read. The book dealt with the difference between powerful wizards and pathetic wizards – and, thankfully, barely mentioned blood status at all. Most of the difference seemed to come down to level of magical skill, but there seemed to be an assumed undertone that Hermione could pick up on. As far as she could tell, wizards and witches had sort of a "magical reserve" inside of them, that contained their magical power. More powerful wizards had a larger reserve, while less powerful wizards had a smaller one. The book seemed to assume that the reserve grew with age, but there was no outright statement of what made one wizard have a larger magical reserve than another. Hermione found this curious but interesting, and highly promising. If one of the characteristics of a powerful wizard was literally "lots of power," it seemed like that could be gained. Hermione suspected that a person's magical reserve got bigger not just from growing older, but from drawing on it consistently while learning magic, thus exercising it like a muscle. If Hermione could find spells that used unusually large amounts of power for her age group, and use them consistently (perhaps before bed), she could "exercise" her own well of power and grow it at a faster rate than her peers. …well. That was the idea, anyway, Hermione thought ruefully. She didn't actually know if that was how it worked. But it certainly couldn't hurt. "Granger?" Hermione looked up to see Theo, who was smirking at her from nearby. He gestured to the nearby clock, and Hermione leapt to her feet. "Dinner time," she told the others, her voice musical. "I'll see you later!" Hermione scooped up her three books and checked them out with Madam Pince, before slinging them into her bag. She didn't want Theo to see the titles – it'd be better if no one knew she was working on becoming more powerful. This time, Theo took her bag with no resentment, and to her surprise, offered her his arm as they went down the stairs. "Why, Theo," Hermione remarked, pleased. "How gentlemanly of you." Theo rolled his eyes. "I know my manners. I was raised a Pureblood, after all." As far as Hermione could tell, the expectations upon Pureblood men seemed to be those of Da Vinci's ideal Renaissance man – perfectly trained in everything. "You didn't extend them to me earlier, though," Hermione said, raising an eyebrow. "What changed?" There was a silence as Theo led her down the stairs. "I overhead McGonagall talking to Sprout," he said abruptly. He looked at her sideways. "…you managed to change that dowel into a pipe?" Hermione's face flushed, and she squirmed. "Only at the very end, and it wasn't lead," she admitted. "It was too shiny for lead, and not heavy enough. Maybe steel or aluminum?" A smirk flickered on Theo's lips. "That's what you're worried about?" he remarked, amused. "Not the fact that you were able to transfigure that as a First year?" "Why wouldn't I be able to?" Hermione tossed her hair. "Professor McGonagall told me to. She said she'd give me points if I managed it." "Apparently, you beat McGonagall's own record in transfiguring that," Theo told her, enjoying the way Hermione's eyes grew wide. "McGonagall wasn't able to do that until her fourth class. Dumbledore managed it on his third." There was a silence. "She did give us points for it though, right?" Hermione ventured. "She wasn't mad that I beat her record?" "Quote the opposite. She seemed proud of you, even though you're a Slytherin," Theo told her. "And she gave you fifty points for Slytherin. Fifty. The most anyone else has earned so far in one go has been five." Theo led her back up a staircase and down a hallway, avoiding Peeves throwing water balloons at students as they screamed and scurried down the stairs. "So now you believe me, is that it?" Hermione said. "You heard what I did, and you think I'm powerful now, so I must not be a Muggleborn?" Theo gave her a slow look. "I've never heard of this New Blood thing, but it makes sense," he admitted. "All the houses started from somewhere. And there hasn't been a new one in ages, so it makes sense it'd be hard to find knowledge about them in books, especially if you weren't hunting directly for it. So I'm willing to suspend my disbelief," he told her, and Hermione tried to hold back her surprise. "If nothing else, I've been taught to respect power, and you've already proven you have that in spades." Hermione raised an eyebrow. "And the others…?" Theo smirked. "Blaise never cared what your blood status was – he cared that you were Slytherin, female, and attractive," he told her, and Hermione flushed. "And Tracey and Millicent are in no situation to be making any judgements about blood status. Daphne is holding out to see what else you can do, as is Draco – they're not willing to make a call about what level of power you have just based on one class, though they didn't overhear what I did. And Pansy? She's not likely to accept you anytime soon – she likes being on top, and she's not going to be keen to give that up." "If they're not ready to make a call yet, why are you?" Hermione asked, suspicious, and Theo smirked. "If I support you, and you turn out to be super powerful, I've established myself as a trustworthy confidant and friend from the very beginning," he told her, eyes glinting. "If you don't, I've got enough status as one of the Sacred 28 that my youthful indiscretion will be entirely forgotten, and it won't hurt me past, say, third year at the most." Hermione laughed. "You're the perfect Slytherin," she said aloud. "Scheming and making connections already." "Thank you." Theo swept her a bow as he held open the door to the Great Hall. "Now… dinner, my lady?" Hermione smirked. "Lead the way."
December 1990 - 8 months before Hogwarts . . 'New Blood', Hermione determined, wasn't a thing. It was December, and Hermione had finally finished all the extra books she'd bought at Flourish and Blotts. Hermione was glad she had the extra year before starting, and that Luna had guided her to some books she wouldn't have considered herself – they were the books that helped her realize what she was up against. The books talked about Pure Blood, they talked about Half Blood, and they talked about Muggleborn. One even called Muggleborns 'Mudbloods', which kept in with the theme of 'something-blood', Hermione supposed. But none of her books mentioned New Blood at all. But Luna had been very specific. She'd called her 'New Blood'. And she'd repeated it three times. From what Hermione could derive from her books, being 'New Blood', whatever it was, had to be better than her other option – being a Muggleborn. Her history books told her about the recent Wizarding War, where an evil wizard called 'Voldemort' (though he was typically referred to as 'You-Know-Who', which Hermione thought overly dramatic) had recruited followers and attempted to eradicate the wizarding world of Muggleborns. Though Voldemort had been defeated (or had disappeared, as one book suggested), Hermione got the distinct feeling that Muggleborns were still prejudiced against in some parts of society. The Pureblood Etiquette Guide, for example, offered a section on how much to scowl at a Muggleborn if one touched you, depending on the societal status of the person and whether or not they smelled. Hermione already knew she'd be going into the Wizarding World at a disadvantage, having not grown up with magic, but to go in facing such prejudice? It seemed cruelly unfair. If 'New Blood' wasn't a thing, Hermione would make it a thing, she decided. After turning the word over and over in her head, Hermione decided on what New Blood would be. New Bloods would be when Magic itself gifted a person, and they would be destined to found their own Great House (whatever a Great House consisted of). A New Blood would count as a Pureblood, because magic blessing them would make them 'pure', so purebloods wouldn't be able to discriminate against them. And a New Blood would be astonishingly powerful and an amazing witch or wizard, and everyone would be envious of their powers. That way, Hermione shouldn't have to face the disadvantage of this stupid blood prejudice, once she established herself. Then, she could try and right any wrongs and unfairness from the inside instead of the outside. That was always easier. As a New Blood, she would be someone valued in this magical society, not someone despised. Or that was the plan, anyway. Hermione looked down at her written definition, gnawing on the end of a pen. Her definition assumed that all other Muggleborns were products of long-lost squib lines, but Hermione thought it plausible – it seemed from the books that Purebloods were ashamed of squib children and sent them away into the muggle world, so no one would ever really be able to check and see if Muggleborns came from squib ancestors. It also assumed that as a New Blood, she would be very powerful. Hermione bit her lip at that one. Well, she'd just have to make sure she became very powerful, then, wouldn't she? Hermione's mother, Jean Granger, was amusedly humoring her daughter the week before Christmas by taking her to London. Hermione had insisted that it was crucial that she take care of some 'magic things' so she wouldn't fall behind in her studies, and Jean had acquiesced to accompanying her through London as a Christmas treat. They were now standing on a perfectly average street, though, that did not seem to have anything special, but Hermione was insisting there was a pub between a bookstore and another shop. When Hermione took her hand and dragged her in, Jean was surprised to realize there was a store there – a dingy sort of pub, that- was that a troll drinking whisky? Hermione was talking to the barkeep, who nodded and gestured, and then Hermione led her mother over to a large fireplace. "We're going to travel to the Ministry of Magic this way," Hermione told her mom, gnawing on her lip anxiously. "I've never done it, but I've read all about it, so this should work." Jean eyed the fire apprehensively. She could feel its heat on her face. "Hermione," she said gently. "I know your magic can do many things, but…" Hermione was clearly ignoring her, reaching up on tiptoes to grab a handful of what looked like sparkly dirt from a flower pot, which she threw into the flames. Jean gasped as the flames turned emerald, and Hermione grinned up at her mom, grabbing her hand and pulling her into the fire. "The Ministry of Magic!" she cried, and Jean lost her breath as they were abruptly swept away. Hermione was quite pleased with herself. First, she'd gone to register her house on the Floo Network. This involved filling out a form with her address, having her mother sign it, and showing the clerk a piece of mail addressed to her mother at their address. Hermione had brought just such a thing, to her mother's consternation, but the bored Ministry employee had acknowledged that yes, Jean Granger really lived there, which was all that was needed. A fee of 3 sickles later, the Granger household was linked up to the Floo Network, and Hermione was nearly bouncing with glee. Next, Hermione dragged her mother to the Office of Underage Magic. After quickly explaining what needed to happen here, Hermione watched as her mother straightened her back and adopted a haughty, insulted expression, took Hermione's wand, and marched into the office, demanding that her house be listed as a Magical Household. The Ministry worker looked shocked, but Hermione's mother insisted that she'd just moved, that her new address somehow hadn't been registered, and that she refused to get warning letters for casting magic in her own household. She held the wand threateningly at the worker (even though she couldn't use it), and the worker, upon seeing the house was already linked up on the Floo Network, and therefore clearly a magical household, filed the correct paperwork to register it as a magical household, removing it from the Trace. Now, she could practice her spells. She'd be able to actually do magic, not just practice thinking the incantations and tracing her wand through the air. And the Ministry would be none the wiser. When they left, Hermione was nearly skipping with glee.
Herbology was the first class on Tuesday, which went rather well. There wasn't much to do to succeed in Herbology except learn and memorize everything, which Hermione felt confident she could do. She doubted she'd ever show much natural talent in the class, but she was sure she could at least perform to be in the top ten in the subject, if tested, and that was probably all she needed to get by. Hermione had noticed Professor Sprout lurking around her, beaming at Hermione anytime she looked up, and Hermione had to fight to not be unnerved. She knew it was because McGonagall had talked to her, but how was Hermione supposed to show aptitude with this? They were re-potting plants! After lunch, History of Magic was a bore. Professor Binns was a ghost, and had a hollow, empty monotone that made it difficult to figure out where the point of his statements was hidden. Hermione had gotten so frustrated she'd gone up and asked for a course syllabus after class, so she could study the material more on her own time. The ghost had blinked in surprise, but directed her to the second drawer in his desk. Hermione had pulled out an aging, crumbling syllabus, but it was enough – she thanked him and left the class. There was Astronomy that night, which Hermione enjoyed – she'd learned the planets and the constellations when she was young, and she liked collecting point after point for Slytherin as she fielded every question. She was careful not to raise her hand, and to maintain the bored, disaffected manner that she'd seen all the other Slytherins wear, but she couldn't help but feel proud and warm inside as Professor Sinistra praised her. The next morning was a free period, to allow them to recuperate from being out so late the night before. Most of the Slytherins were sleeping in, but Hermione enjoyed the alone time to linger over breakfast with Perfecting Your Potions. She was fairly sure they wouldn't be assigned a potion too difficult for their first class, so all she could do was focus on brewing her potion as perfectly as possible. The prefect had said that Professor Snape, their Head of House, would come to bat for them to protect them from bullies and accusations. More than anything, Hermione didn't want to let him down. Hermione arrived at the Potions classroom promptly, with Theo as her escort, only to discover the work stations seemed to be set up in pairs – clearly, two people would work on one cauldron. Hermione bit her lip. There were ten first-year Slytherins, and this class was shared with Gryffindor. Tracey and Millicent would presumably work together, Crabbe and Goyle never left each other's sides (or Draco's, for that matter). Draco would probably work with Pansy, as Hermione doubted Pansy would let go of his arm long enough to let anyone else get close, which left Blaise, Daphne, and Theo. "Partners?" Hermione asked Theo. Theo raised an eyebrow. "Your ability in Potions is still untested," he said, his voice wary. "Part of your bodyguard duties, then," she shot back with a smirk. "The Gryffindors are in this class with us. Should one of their cauldrons explode, it's your sworn duty to shield me." Theo smirked back at that, and amenably set up his work station next to hers. "You're lucky – I've helped my father with potions before," he told her quietly, as other students began to file in. "We should be able to pull this assignment off without much trouble." When Professor Snape swept into the room, Hermione caught her breath. His cloak billowed behind him, and Hermione found herself appreciating his flair for the dramatic as he introduced potion-making to them in an enchanting, if foreboding, speech. She leaned forward in her seat, unconsciously trying to catch every word. She was caught off-guard when he began interrogating Harry with ingredient questions. She knew the answers, but judging from the twisted hatred emblazoned on Snape's face, Snape didn't seem to actually want the answers, so Hermione opted not to interfere. Both Hermione and Theo relaxed somewhat as Snape turned and gave instructions to collect ingredients and open their books to make a Boil Cure potion, as he turned to the board to write down the most common mistakes. Theo went off to get ingredients, while Hermione opened her book, and paused. There were instructions on how to make a Boil Cure potion in their textbook, Magical Drafts and Potions. There were also instructions on how to make a Boil Cure potion in the more advanced textbook she'd bought, Book of Potions, though they were fairly vague. Hermione bit her lip, torn. On the one hand, the more advanced book would clearly result in a better potion. However, the recipe was vastly more complicated, and she doubted her ability to brew it correctly on her first try. When Theo returned, Hermione quietly showed him both books, and Theo turned to Hermione sharply. "There's no way we'll ever manage the second one," he said in a whisper, as he began to crush the snake fangs. "But…" "We can add some of the ingredients to enhance our own," Hermione finished. Theo gave her a slow nod. As Theo worked on crushing the snake fangs with the mortar, Hermione filled the cauldron with water and carefully compared the two recipes, cross-referencing the new ingredients from the harder recipe with 1000 Magical Herbs and Fungi. While she ruled out using shrake spines (she had no idea how to "not over excite" them, as the book said) and flobberworm mucus (she wasn't quite sure what it did, but it seemed to condense the brewing time), pungous onions when combined with horned slugs and ginger had an enhancing effect on healing properties. It was with great care to be subtle and unseen that Hermione began carefully slicing a few pungous onions, worried about keeping their pungent scent from leaking out into the classroom. Luckily for them, the stink of Longbottom's potion was overruling any other possible smell, and no one seemed to notice the smell of some onions nearby. Theo watched her carefully as she added the onions, then added a measure of dried nettles to the potion before they set it to boil briefly, and then simmer for a measure of time. Snape was patrolling the room, looking at students' potions, frequently deducting points for incorrect brewing and mistakes, though deducting fewer from the Slytherin side. Crabbe and Goyle lost five for somehow ending up with a bright blue potion instead of a slowly-enhancing pink, and Malfoy even lost one – he clearly hadn't crushed his snake fangs into a fine enough powder. When Snape came over to their desk, Hermione was doing her best not to quake in her boots. She'd hidden her other books, but it was obvious something was different with their potion – it was a much deeper shade of pink than the others'. As Hermione watched Snape, his eyebrows rose, and there was a definite moment of surprise as he regarded their cauldron. It was but a second, and the emotion was quickly masked, but when Snape moved on without a word, Hermione could feel herself let out a breath of relief she hadn't realized she'd been holding. She shot Theo a quirked smile, which he returned with a smirk. When the simmering time was done, Hermione sprinkled in some powdered ginger root and stirred the cauldron vigorously when Snape's back was turned, while Theo prepared the horned slugs and carefully added them to the cauldron. Together, they managed to take their cauldron off the fire before slipping their porcupine quills into the potion. Theo stirred it, and Hermione waved her wand over it, and they were both pleased to see a magenta potion cooling in their cauldron, a pink steam rising from it – just as the book had described. Hermione watched around the room. Neville had forgotten to take his cauldron off the flame before adding the quills, causing his cauldron to melt, and the room smelled horrible. The Gryffindors near him were scrambling to get away from the creeping mixture, and Snape seemed to take great delight in shaming Neville and castigating him for his mistake before finally waving his wand and cleaning up the mess. "Ours is a deeper pink than the book describes," Theo told Hermione with a frown. "Well, we didn't do exactly what the book describes, did we?" Hermione murmured. "Let's wait and see what Snape says." At the end of class, Snape told them each to bring up a labelled flask of their potion for him to grade. Hermione carefully filled a flask and printed her and Theo's names on it in bold, clear letters, before trotting up to lay it on his desk. "Miss Granger." Hermione turned, Snape's eyes on her. They were pitch black, and they glinted in the dim light. "You and Mister Nott – stay after class." Hermione swallowed. "Yes, sir." It was on shaky legs that Hermione made her way back to their work station. Theo looked at her with alarm when she told him Snape's instructions, but he squared his shoulders. "Even if he fails us this assignment, it's the first one of the year," he said. "We'll be able to make back the points." The bell rang, and Snape dismissed the class, his eyes glaring at those who dilly-dallied while collecting their things. After the classroom was empty, Snape shut the door with a firm thud, and swept over to their cauldron, his eyes glittering. He gestured to the cauldron. "Explain." Hermione swallowed. "We added pungous onions and ginger to help enhance the healing properties of the boil cure potion, and nettles after the onions to help soothe any burning sensations during application to the end user," Hermione explained quietly. She bit her lip. "Why did you alter who stirred and who waved the wand at the end?" Hermione and Theo's eyes darted to each other. Hermione was fairly sure he'd just let her wave her wand as a way to evenly split the work. "The stirring was clockwise, so I thought a witch waving the wand instead of a wizard would help stabilize it," Hermione admitted. "I don't know if that's actually a thing in potions, but I like symmetry, and it certainly couldn't hurt." "It couldn't hurt," Snape echoed, sneering. Hermione bit her lip as Snape glared at them, before he let loose a sigh. "This… this is well done," Snape said finally, slowly, as if it pained him to say so. "This is very well done, for first year work." Hermione and Theo shared a quick, darting glance of relief, before Snape scowled. "However, it is dangerous to not follow directions," Snape snapped. "Class is not the place to experiment with improving potion-making." Hermione blinked. "Class is a dangerous place regardless," she pointed out. "Neville was trying to follow directions, and his attempt ended up being a disaster." Theo smirked, but Hermione continued. "And isn't class the best place to experiment and learn?" Hermione asked. "Surely experimenting without expert supervision outside of class would be far worse, in terms of the potential consequences." Snape moved to stand in front of her, glaring down at her, and Hermione struggled not to cower. "In this class," Snape hissed, "you must complete the assignment as it is assigned." "The assignment was to complete a Boil-Cure potion," Hermione countered, her voice wavering. "And we did that, didn't we?" Snape drew himself up, before scowling at them with a sigh. Hermione felt a flare of hope leap in her heart, encouraging her to press on. "Just… I don't want Potions class to be like a cooking class, you know?" she said, her eyes pleading. "These are powerful, magical things. I want to learn how and why they work, and how and why they interact the way they do – not just follow directions from a recipe book." Snape was quiet for a long time. Hermione looked down, wondering if she had gone too far, speaking out of turn. "Five points to Slytherin," he said finally, "for completing an excellent potion. Bottle the rest of it up – that's a high-enough quality to help stock the infirmary." Hermione's hands flew to her mouth, and Theo couldn't suppress his surprised grin. "…and a further five points," Snape said, eyeing Hermione with something almost like respect, "for keeping your head and using cool logic in the face of a powerful foe." At that, Hermione gave Snape a brilliant smile, and Snape rolled his eyes. "You're our foe, sir?" she asked, not quite able to get the teasing tone out of her voice. "That doesn't seem quite right." "I was in this instance, Miss Granger," Snape said, and Hermione could swear she saw a quirk of his lips. "However: next time you plan to alter a potion's given recipe, wave me over and consult me before you start." Theo grinned and Hermione beamed, and Snape rolled his eyes and moved away. "Do not tell the other students about this incident, however," he warned them. "The last thing we need is the Longbottoms of the world thinking they're potion innovators, and melting every cauldron in the castle." Quietly, Hermione and Theo shared a soft snicker as they ladled out the rest of their potion into bottles, carefully labeling each one.
Classes fell into a routine, and it was one that Hermione loved. Her studying over the past year had obviously paid off – she was at the top of her classes, and it was with little effort on her part, as she'd already mastered these assignments months ago. Some of her teachers like Professor McGonagall would quietly offer her a challenge to keep her engaged, and Hermione enjoyed these opportunities to try something unexpected and new. Most professors, however, just beamed and awarded Slytherin points, which the competitive side of Hermione enjoyed all too much. Herbology was going better than expected, somehow. Hermione had memorized the important identifiers and plant diagrams from the textbook, but still, just doing as she was told seemed to be how Herbology worked. When each student was given an Amanello plant for repotting, however, it was fairly obvious to see that while most of the plants were struggling to stay alive, Hermione's was flourishing. She wondered if she'd just gotten lucky, or if there was something else to it, but she was happy either way – Professor Sprout was pleased, and it seemed like only one other plant from the first years was doing as well as hers, so she was ranked in the top again. Charms was a positive experience. Flitwick had been so charmed upon meeting her ("The first Muggleborn in Slytherin in centuries!" – she hadn't bothered to correct him) that she could do no wrong in his eyes. It helped that his lessons so far were following the structure of the textbook to a T, the early chapters of which she'd long since mastered. Potions continued to be a delicate balance angering and impressing Snape. As the Potions Master stalked around the room, castigating those who failed to perform according to expectations or failed in reading the instructions, Hermione deliberately ignored sections of instructions, experimenting to see what would happen. She and Theo had taken to brewing in two cauldrons – one, with the potion done exactly as the instructions directed, and another where they made slight alterations to see if they could get the potion to come out better. Hermione was relieved a few times, after she caused the experimental potion to begin emitting sparks or turn into a brown sludge, that she and Theo had a backup to ensure they wouldn't fail. After class, Snape would quiz them on the changes they made, sneering at her attempts that failed and criticizing her minimal understanding. Reading between the lines, though, Hermione could tell where they had gone wrong and what he suggested they should have done instead – making it so she learned even more from her failures than her successes. Her slowly-growing acquaintance with Theo was nice, too. History of Magic and Defense Against the Dark Arts both continued to be a joke. Hermione freely ignored both instructors, not bothering to take notes, and she read books in class without penalty. She got a couple horrified glances in Defense, but as Quirrell never bothered with practical exercises or asking questions of the class, she was never caught. In History, it seemed that no one paid attention – it was a frequent place for catching up on other homework or taking a power nap. Hermione was somewhat disgusted by the situation – shouldn't the teachers at one of the best magical schools in the world be the best? The situation allowed her, however, to study ahead, and Hermione admitted to herself that the extra study time was probably more helpful than an actual lesson would have been. Magic classes were amazing, in Hermione's opinion, but there was something even better. For the first time, she had friends. Not counting Theo, who was sort of a tentative ally, Hermione had Tracey and Millie, who didn't hesitate to talk to her and share a smile or a joke. They had no interest in getting homework answers from her, and they laughed and seemed to appreciate her dry comments about their teachers, classes, and course material. Hermione, in turn, felt like she could feed on Tracey's enthusiasm, and Millie was always helpful, quietly explaining the idea behind odd pureblood customs that Hermione didn't quite get. Even more, Hermione had solidified her friendship with Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom. Despite the House difference, both Harry and Neville were happy to have a friend, and Hermione was happy to call them friend back. She enjoyed working on homework with them – in Slytherin, it seemed no one studied together, as everyone worked carefully to maintain the image that they just always somehow happened to know everything – and she didn't mind answering their questions. She'd been horrified at discovering their first essay marks, and, upon reading their essays, had quickly discovered why – no one had taught them how to write. After a crash course in essay-writing, paragraph structure, and sentence structure, she was pleased to see her friends' marks rise accordingly, and they were incredibly grateful for her intervention. Neville's grandmother had even sent him a gift – a wizarding camera – for him to send home photos of his friends and Herbology plants. Ron Weasley, however, Hermione continued to have problems with. Ron seemed obsessed with the fact that she was in Slytherin, and he took her house as a sign that she would betray them at the first available opportunity. Disgusted, Hermione had asked exactly how she was supposed to betray them, when all they did was spend time together studying, but Ron had looked away, muttering that "they'd all see soon enough." Ron had also forgone the essay-writing lesson, saying that he didn't need help from a slimy Slytherin, and Hermione had let him storm from the library without further comment, hiding her hurt with a raised eyebrow. She took a sort of twisted satisfaction that Ron wasn't doing as well as his friends in his classes, now, and that his marks within a couple more weeks were quite bad. She knew it was wrong to take pleasure in someone else's failure, but in the face of his constant meanness, it felt good to know she was doing so much better than him. In the evenings, Hermione had taken to trying to completely drain her magic before going to sleep, in the hopes that doing so would prompt her 'magic reserves', as she imagined it, to grow accordingly. She'd begun with Transfiguration, but that hadn't really worked – either she got it or she didn't, and when she didn't, all the power from the failed transfiguration simply flowed back. Hermione had finally found a winner with a simple charm: levitation. She'd started by levitating a pencil until she could do so no longer, then a book, then a lamp. She timed and tracked her progress, and Hermione was pleased to discover that it seemed that every couple nights, she was able to levitate the item for just a little longer, or something just a little heavier instead. To think she might soon be trying to levitate her entire nightstand for a period of time, just to train…! Hermione was excited at her progress. The worst part of Hogwarts, however, were her housemates. Hermione had known, to some degree, that she would be isolated from her house. She'd known that by going into the core of blood prejudice, she'd face the most ostracization and the most prejudice. She'd known that. But she'd also known that, however subtle, blood prejudice was everywhere, and that she'd be better off fighting against it from the very start. She still thought her plan was good, but it was awfully hard to care about how good her plan was when the rest of her house ignored her. Word had leaked out that Hermione had grown up with Muggles, and though the rumor of her being some kind of special "new blood" was slowly percolating through the house, it was ignored and disbelieved. There was a Muggleborn in Slytherin. It was unheard of. The older students ignored her, bumped her, hissed derogatory things in her ears as they passed her in the common room, and subtly ostracized her from the rest of them. Outside of the Slytherin dorms, no one would ever know it, as Slytherins stuck together, but inside… Hermione was having a hard time. Her year-mates were little better. Though Tracey and Millie talked to her, Theo only really talked to her directly in Potions, which Hermione understood – he couldn't jeopardize his own position with the other Slytherins by talking to her. And the other Slytherins didn't talk to her. Draco Malfoy seemed to be the leader of the first years. He bossed Vincent Crabbe and Greg Goyle around, and they obeyed without a second thought. Blaise and Theo, he would talk to, as he would with Daphne and Pansy. Occasionally, he'd deign to speak to Millie or Tracey with a sneer on his face, but he didn't talk to Hermione at all. She didn't even merit a sneer from him – she was simply and completely ignored, as if she didn't exist. Pansy, on the other hand, was worse. When in the girls' dorm, Pansy's snide remarks never stopped until sleep, and Hermione felt like she had to be constantly on her guard to defend against them. Hermione enjoyed seeing Pansy angry and irate when Hermione managed to parry her remarks with seeming ease, but Pansy's constants insults and belittling were hard to ignore. It was only by her constant, continuing improvement with magic that Hermione had the inner strength to remain confident and not start believing the things Pansy hissed at her. How could she not belong at a magic school when she was the best in their year? Hermione kept her chin up and didn't let Pansy see any reaction from her remarks. In the wild, large snakes would eat weaker snakes with utter disregard, and living in Slytherin was no different.
March 1991 - 5 months before Hogwarts . . Muggle school had taken a turn for the better. Though Hermione had begged her parents to let her teach herself from home so she could balance learning magic with learning the mundane, her parents had stood firm: she was to finish the school year, and that was final. Hermione had been aggravated, and dragged her feet, but she reached a compromise with her parents – if she kept her marks up, she was allowed to read her magic books wherever she pleased, so long as she kept the covers concealed. Her parents bought her a set of stretchy, elastic book covers to fit over her books. Once equipped, Hermione always had a covered magic book or two with her, even though her usual bookbag was already filled with books. Something had changed in Hermione, though, and the other students noticed. It was something subtle, starting around her birthday, when she'd had that altercation with the bullies. There was a vague sense that something had happened, because the boys had just muttered about it and passed the word along not to mess with the Granger girl. But Hermione seemed more self-confident, and it seemed to be growing out of nowhere. She still had no friends, and she still spent breaks reading to herself off to the side, but she'd toned down answering all the questions in class, and they'd noticed that she'd stopped asking for extra credit. It was as if Hermione suddenly didn't care anymore. She still got top marks, of course, but she wasn't trying so hard. And the change was noticeable. It was because of this that Amelia, abandoned one day by her friends, who all had the flu, cautiously approached Hermione, who was on a bench at the side of the recess field, drawing in the dirt with a stick. Hermione looked up with surprise. "Amelia…?" Her greeting sounded like a question. "Hermione." Amelia offered her a smile as best she could, though it felt awkward, and took a seat next to Hermione. Hermione continued to prod at the dirt with a large branch. "How are you?" Amelia asked. "Me? Oh, I'm fine," Hermione said, startled out of her thoughts. She looked over at the other girl. "And you?" "I'm doing good," Amelia said. Hermione made a face. "Well," she muttered, under her breath. "Well what?" Amelia asked. "You're doing well," Hermione corrected. "'Good' is an adjective; 'well' is an adverb. I am good; I'm doing well." Amelia stared at her. "This is why you have no friends, you know," she told her. Hermione smiled a wry smile at the dirt. "Yeah," she said. "I know." She kept staring at the dirt, and Amelia felt guilt start to mount up in her. "Though, you've been a lot better recently," she told Hermione, trying for an encouraging voice. "Like, you're still a swot, but you're not so unbearable about it anymore." "I'm not unbearable anymore," Hermione repeated flatly. "That's good to know." Amelia gave up. She watched Hermione, who was still scratching things in the dirt. "…is that a lion?" she asked. "What are you even doing?" "I'm wondering what environment built around a set of ideals I think I would fit best into," Hermione said. "I'm having a difficult time of it." "…I have no idea what you just said." "It's like this," Hermione said, poking at the ground. "Imagine that there are four clubs, and you have to join one. Only instead of activities, the clubs are about personality traits. I'm trying to figure out which one I would belong in." "Oh." Amelia blinked. "Is this from a book?" "Something like that." Amelia looked again at the ground, where four sketches were laid out. "What are the traits for each club?" "One club is a for brave people. They value courage, nerve, determination, and chivalry," Hermione said, poking one of the drawings. "They're the lions." Amelia could kind of imagine it. Hermione had faced off against bullies constantly, and she was nothing if not stubborn. "Maybe," she said. "What else?" "This one values hard work, dedication, patience, loyalty, and fairness," Hermione said, jabbing at another dirt drawing. "That's supposed to be a badger, but it kind of looks like a dying skunk." Amelia made a face. "Hard work and patience doesn't sound like any fun." "It doesn't," Hermione agreed. "The other two?" "This one, the eagle one, values wit, knowledge, intelligence, and learning," she said. "That one," Amelia said immediately. "You belong in the eagle club." "That's what I thought too," Hermione said. "But there's one left…" She pointed at the last drawing with the stick. It looked like just a couple wavy lines, but Amelia realized there was a forked tongue and eyes on one side. "This one values ambition, leadership, cunning, and resourcefulness," she said. "They have a snake." "And you think that you might fit in this club better than the swotty one?" "I don't know." Hermione bit her lip. "What do you think?" Amelia looked back at the dirt. "…I can kind of see why you have your doubts," she said finally. "The other three, they all have set traits – bravery, hard work, intelligence, whatever. But ambition – that's more of a mindset, isn't it? You can be ambitious and still be brave. You can be a leader and still be smart. Y'know?" She chanced a glance at Hermione, who was chewing on her lip. "You always told everyone you wanted to grow up and be prime minister, or maybe a brilliant surgeon," Amelia said, shrugging. "That might take intelligence, but maybe it takes ambition more to get that far." Hermione considered again. "…I hadn't thought of that," she said. "Thanks." Amelia smiled. "You're welcome." Abruptly, Hermione's face lightened. "What club do you think you'd end up in?" she asked. "Oh, I'd join the lion club," Amelia said immediately. "Bravery and chivalry being the values? The boys would be like knights!" Hermione rolled her eyes but laughed, dragging the stick through the dirt to erase the drawings. "You're ridiculous," she informed her. "But thanks anyway." Amelia smirked back. When the recess bell rang and they filed back into the classroom, Amelia promptly forgot about their conversation in the face of a blackboard full of numbers and pre-algebra. Her friends were back to school the next day, so her break went back to normal – gossip and attempts at flirting with boys, most of whom were too immature to be interested yet. But Hermione never forgot their discussion.
One Friday morning when all the girls were getting ready, Pansy was whining and complaining to Daphne about her skin being uneven (and how was she ever going to attract Draco's attention like this?), and Hermione had an abrupt realization. None of the girls here ever… used anything. Hermione felt almost dirty at the thought. Though her mother had carefully taught her how to tame and style her hair for formal events, Hermione never bothered, as it felt too artificial and vain to focus on her looks that much. The same went for makeup – her mother had insisted that every young woman should know how to do her own makeup properly before heading off to boarding school, and Hermione had accepted the lessons (and even drawn diagrams and taken notes). She'd promptly shoved the makeup case her mother had given her to the back of her trunk to never think about again, but now… she was. Pansy was the sort of girl that Hermione would expect to do her makeup every day, if she were in Muggle school. Girls back at Hermione's Muggle school that were her age had been carefully trying out concealer, eye liner, and mascara, often hidden in the bathrooms, and Pansy was just like those girls. Pansy was vain, Pansy was shallow, and Pansy was overly concerned with appearances. So… why didn't she wear makeup? Why didn't she curl her hair? Why didn't she do anything besides brush her hair and pin it around a bit? The first answer, Hermione quickly figured out – there was no electricity here, so using a curling iron or hot curls was out, damning Pansy's hair to eternal thin limpness. Hermione idly wondered if there was a way to heat a curling iron with magic. But the second… why didn't Pansy wear makeup? Did the wizards have something different? With a muttered curse as she glanced at the clock, Hermione grabbed her bag and hurried after Tracey to breakfast. But the thought plagued Hermione all day, driving her to distraction (though Professor Flitwick didn't seem to notice – her Lumos was still the brightest in the class). Did witches normally wear potions and creams that they brewed themselves – but potions like that were above the level of what first years could brew? Did they cast some sort of visual charm to hide flaws? What did they do? Hermione felt disgusted with herself for obsessing over it. Why did she care? She'd never bothered with such frivolities. But yet, she wondered. Finally, at lunch, Hermione turned to Millicent, and quietly asked. "Why doesn't Pansy ever do anything about her skin if she's so upset about it?" she asked. Millicent looked confused. "What, like a glamour?" she said, giving Hermione a strange look. "Those are incredibly difficult, and very draining to keep up all day. I've only known a few fully-grown witches to manage them, and even then, only for the duration of an evening party." "A glamour?" "A beauty spell. Something that say, makes your skin look smooth and fair, even if you've got spots." Millicent shrugged. "They're really hard to maintain, with precision, so most witches don't bother." Hermione felt a slow suspicion in her mind. "But… what about like, a potion or something?" she asked. "Something to help with her appearance?" "What, like Sleekeazy's?" Millie asked. "There are a couple potions for hair, but not many – that's why Sleekeazy made such a fortune on his. There's mostly just shampoo, and a couple to help hair grow strong and not break." "No, for her face," Hermione said, impatient. "Why doesn't she cover up her spots?" Millie gave her a strange look. "With what?" Having found her answer, a slow smile spread over Hermione's face. "Never mind. Thank you!" Millie gave Hermione a raised eyebrow, but she was used to Hermione's eccentricities, and she turned to Tracey to ask about the Potions assignment, leaving Hermione to stare at the slowly-shifting clouds on the ceiling as she began to plot. Witches here didn't have makeup. Hermione wondered why. Maybe it didn't work on witches? But that didn't feel right either – Hermione's mother had been able to put makeup on Hermione, and there hadn't been any unexpected results or difficulties. Maybe it couldn't be made with normal potion ingredients, and no one had thought to use more mundane ingredients? Or maybe it was ignored or unknown because it was Muggle? Desperate for answers, Hermione went to the library on their free period to find a book on magical beauty standards to read during History of Magic. She read the book later that day as Professor Binns droned on and on. The book she had found was mostly about fashion – about the cut of your robes, what jewelry to wear, how to pin-curl your hair overnight so it would have curls, what colors complimented your eyes, etc. There was a brief mention in the book of learning and holding a glamour, but only in passing, and there was nothing in it – nothing – about doing your makeup. Hermione bit her lip. After class, Hermione took off in search of answers. She found a Hufflepuff, Ernie MacMillan, who directed her to find the 5th year Hufflepuff prefect, Rebecca McCullough, who was laughing with a few friends outside under a tree. "Rebecca?" The prefect looked over, surprised. "You're one of Jade's, aren't you?" she said. "I am," Hermione admitted. "I need help with something that Jade can't exactly help with. Do you mind if I borrow a few minutes of your time?" Amicably, Rebecca said something to her friends and got to her feet. She was very skinny, and very, very tall, Hermione noticed. She wondered how she found women's robes that fit. Rebecca led Hermione over to a set of stairs by a side door that they sat down on, and Hermione was grateful she wouldn't have to get a crick in her neck trying to talk to the prefect. "So what's going on, little snake?" Rebecca said, but her smile was genuine. Hermione offered her a small smile back. "I had a question," Hermione said. She paused. "You're Muggleborn, right?" Rebecca looked at her carefully. "I am." "My parents are Muggles, too," Hermione said promptly. She ignored Rebecca's look of surprise, continuing, "I wanted to know – why don't witches wear makeup?" Rebecca blinked. "Makeup?" "You know – foundation, powder, mascara, eye liner… the products you put on your face to make you prettier," Hermione said impatiently. "I haven't seen a witch yet that uses them." Rebecca blinked. "Huh." The prefect looked at the wall blankly for a long moment, before looking up and shrugging. "Truth be told, I don't know why not," she admitted. "I guess I don't because I've never been home long enough anymore to learn how? And no one else does, so there's no pressure to, either. Plus I was 11 when I entered Hogwarts – that's a little young to be playing around with that kind of thing, don't you think?" Hermione privately agreed, but she'd been a year ahead of her age group in school, and she knew that too young or not, that girls did play around with makeup at this age. "It doesn't hurt witches or anything, does it?" Hermione asked, and Rebecca laughed. "No, it doesn't hurt us," she said, amused. Her eyes sparkled. "I wore a little makeup to go to Hogsmeade with a boy, once. He was blown away, but he couldn't quite tell how I looked so pretty." She grinned. "It was fun. But it's a lot of effort to do every day, and when other witches don't bother, why should I?" "I completely agree," Hermione said, standing up. "Thank you so much for answering my questions. I was very confused, and no one in Slytherin knew what I was talking about or was able to be any help." "I don't doubt it," the prefect said, getting to her feet. "Let me know if there's anything else I can help with, okay?" "I will! Thank you!" That evening, in her room, Hermione laid on her bed, a muggle notebook and fountain pen open beside her, and she stared out into the lake, thinking deeply. This was an opportunity, she knew. It might have far-reaching effects, but it could help her at least get some seed money for her to grow her much-needed House-founding fortune on. And if nothing else, it would make things a bit more interesting at Hogwarts. And Hermione was ready to shake things up.
The next day, Hermione took her time getting ready. It was Saturday and being a little tardy didn't matter, so when she came down to breakfast later than usual, all her classmates were already there. When Tracey turned to say hello, she squeaked and nearly dropped her juice. The others turned toward the squeak, saw Hermione, and did a collective double-take. Hermione was secretly pleased, and took special vindication in Blaise's appreciative gaze and Draco's astonished stare. "Hermione? What did you do?" Tracey asked reverently, reaching out to touch her hair. "You look so pretty today." "This? Oh," Hermione said, tossing her hair casually. "Some of the first years are going to take each other's pictures today, so I thought I'd make an effort to look my best." Hermione's hair, for once, was not a mess of riotous, furious frizz. She'd slept with it in braids after a shower to keep it calm, and then with a heating charm, had used her curling iron to create full, gorgeous ringlets that she'd gently separated and smoothed into soft curls. For the first time, she'd been grateful her mother had pushed her to learn such frivolous things, "just in case". Just the look on Theo's face made all the tedium worth it – his eyes hadn't moved from her since she'd gotten there. Hermione had also done her makeup – but very, very carefully. She'd shied away from bright colors and liquid eyeliner – the entire point of this was to make herself look beautiful, but naturally beautiful. If anything about her looked artificial, the game would be up. So it was with great care that Hermione, following the diagrams she had drawn in her notebook, used a light foundation to hide her skin's flaws, highlighted her face, carefully used neutral eyeshadows to make her brown eyes pop, curled her lashes, and used a mascara that lengthened and darkened her eyelashes - but not too much. She'd kept her lips a matte, complementary nude color, and when she was done, even she was taken aback and astonished at the results. Hermione had felt a wave of disgust that she had bothered to do this. Her own vanity revulsed her. She had to sternly remind herself that this wasn't for her – it was for her plan, for the others, for them to see. And see they did. "You look so pretty, Hermione!" Millie said, her eyes wide. "You look different! But… still like you. What did you do?" "Oh, I just made sure I got a good night's sleep and took the time to take care of my hair this morning," Hermione said, serving herself breakfast. "I'm usually up so late studying, you know? So I always have dark circles under my eyes." Hermione most certainly did not have dark circles under her eyes on a daily basis, but it seemed a valid enough excuse that Millie slowly nodded and returned to her food. "There are first years taking portraits today?" Daphne said abruptly. Everyone looked up. "Just a few of us," Hermione said slowly, doing her best to hide her surprise that Daphne was speaking to her. "Neville Longbottom was sent a fancy camera from his grandmother, and we thought we'd all take pictures of us to send home and keep of each other." "Who all will be participating?" Daphne asked, and Hermione could hear the hidden jealousy in her voice. "Neville, Harry, Ron, Hannah, Ernie, and me," Hermione said, counting them off on her fingers. "You're friends with Hannah?" Hermione turned to look at Gregory Goyle, surprised. He'd never spoken to her before. "We're acquaintances," she told him. "Neville's friends with Hannah and Ernie." For the first time since she'd been in school, Hermione saw Greg's face soften from a scowl to something almost a smile. "I know Hannah," he said. He gestured around the table. "She used to go to dancing school with us." Hermione tucked that little tidbit away to ask Millie about later. Conversation slowly resumed, allowing Hermione a chance to actually eat, but she was highly aware of all the side glances she was getting from the others. Both Theo and Draco were sneaking looks at her, their faces unreadable, while Blaise didn't even try to hide his appreciative glances. Pansy and Daphne looked torn – Hermione figured their emotions were made up of one part jealousy, and one part desperate longing to know how she did it – and they kept trying not to look, before their eyes were inexorably drawn back. Hermione gained a slow a sense of satisfaction and confidence during breakfast, at the others' reactions. Her plan was clearly working. There was also, though, a sense of injustice and anger. This is what it had taken, to get the Slytherins to look at her? Looking pretty? Hermione controlled herself, making sure to breathe and look utterly uncaring, keeping her confidence and poise. After breakfast, Hermione excused herself to the library, where they were all meeting up. Neville had thought that photos in an academic setting would please his grandmother, and they could take others outside later, if it wasn't raining. Harry, Neville, and Ron were already waiting when Hermione got to the back of the library, away from the hawkish eyes of Madam Pince. Neville was nervously fiddling with his camera, while Harry looked uncomfortable in his best robes and uniform. Ron was slouching against the stacks, bored, but he looked up when he heard her arrive, before his eyes went wide. "Bloody hell, Granger," he said, standing up fully. "What did you do?" "Language, Ronald," Hermione snapped, otherwise ignoring him as she joined the group. Ron continued to stare at her, but Harry offered her a smile. "You look good, Hermione," he said as he moved to stand next to her, between her and Ron. "Thanks," Hermione said, smiling back. "I tried." "Wish guys could wear that sometimes," Harry said quietly, but his eyes were still sparkling. "I'd love to be able to hide this stupid scar." Hermione offered him an understanding smile. "You probably could?" she said, shrugging. "People in the wizarding world don't really use makeup, so no one would know that it's generally a 'girl' thing." Harry made a face. "I would know, though," he admitted. "I think I'd still feel weird about it." When Neville came back after setting his camera up on a magical tripod, his eyes bulged. "H-H-Hermione," he said, a blush slowly creeping up his face. "You- you look really pretty." "Thanks!" Hermione offered him a smile in return, and Neville's blush deepened. Hermione's satisfaction in her plan slowly grew as Hannah and Ernie reacted with surprise, but then almost a reverence. None of the Purebloods present had any idea what she had done, and only Harry, who had grown up in the Muggle world, seemed to know how she had managed to look so subtly, yet extraordinarily, different. Ernie ended up largely in charge of the camera, directing each of them to pose in different ways, and in a multitude of ways Hermione hadn't considered. There was the head-on shot, the three-quarters profile, the casual-faked-candid shot, the lounging on the window seat looking outside broodingly shot, the reaching for a book shot… Ernie was creative with it, and Hermione was surprised to realize she was having a lot of fun watching and adding suggestions. Ernie did the boys first, then the girls; Hannah, then making Hermione go last. Hermione wondered if it was according to some sort of order, or just because he didn't know her well. Once it was her turn, though, Hermione realized that it was a lot harder than she'd thought. It was hard to give a genuine smile for the length of the exposure, and hard to not start to laugh when she was supposed to be brooding out the window. Reaching for the book and looking through it like she was genuinely researching was difficult. Hermione had forgotten that wizarding photos would move, and she'd only expected to have to hold a pose for a moment – but all Ernie's instructions made a lot more sense, now. Ernie was having to work a lot harder with her, too. Hermione was embarrassed, but grateful he was hiding his aggravation with her struggling. He had her try a lot more poses than the others, and Hermione could only hope and pray that at least some of the photos came out okay. Finally, hers were done, and they all gathered together for a final group photo. They pushed Neville to the front (as it was for his grandmother), and Hermione was pleased that she ended up nestled right next to Neville on his left, with Harry on his right. It was a place of honor, showing that she was one of Neville's best friends, and Hermione felt smug that she had beat Ron out for it. Afterwards, they all stretched, the boys taking off their ties and fancy robes. "I'll have it developed," Ernie said, nodding to the camera. "I'll give you all a full copy of the photos, and I can give you back the original film too, Neville." "How long do you think it will take?" Neville asked, and Ernie shrugged. "Only a couple of weeks, I think," he said. "It's not hard to develop photos, but with classes, I only have so much time, and I want to make sure that they all come out really well." They broke up to leave the library, drifting off into smaller groups. Hermione went to get her bag, but Ernie caught her wrist, holding her behind. She looked at him with a questioning glance. "Your parents aren't magical, are they?" he asked. Hermione fought the urge to tense at the question, but Ernie looked genuinely curious. "No, they're not," she told him, and he nodded, expecting the answer. "If you want, when they finally give us flying lessons, I can take some pictures of you on a broomstick." He offered her a half smile. "Your parents might like it." "Oh! Yes!" Hermione's face lit up. "Can we do them so I can send them in time for Halloween? When are flying lessons, anyway?" "Next week, on Tuesday and Thursday," Ernie told her. Hermione grinned at him. "This will be great! Thank you so much!" Impulsively, Hermione threw her arms around him in an impromptu hug, causing Ernie to blush. "Anytime… Hermione," he told her, with a grin of his own. "My pleasure."
As Hermione expected, neither Daphne nor Pansy said anything further about how Hermione had looked different, but Hermione didn't care – there was a new respect in how they looked at her, and Pansy's snide remarks had mostly subsided. The others in her house were looking at her as if they'd seen her in a new light, which irritated her even more – they'd noticed her for her looks, but not her grades? Her brains? Hermione took out a book on great wizards and witches throughout time and examined their portraits, before concluding that objectively, most of them looked very powerful and striking one way or another. Some had very long, dramatic beards, similar to Dumbledore's, some had wild, crazy, kinked hair, and some were just very, very attractive. Hermione looked down at the piercing eyes of one of the wizards in the book, who offered her a smirk, and grimaced. If they were great wizards, they could probably hold a glamour for a long period of time so they could intimidate and impress people. It was an advanced charm, Millicent had said, so Hermione supposed she'd have to work up to it. Her routine was altered on Thursday when the Slytherin class was directed outside at three-thirty in the afternoon for flying lessons. Hermione was excited to try her hand at flying – only to quickly become apprehensive when she saw the Gryffindors heading over to join them. Hermione walked a careful tightrope, being friends with the Gryffindors, despite the invisible, unspoken line that divided the houses. On one hand, she was a Slytherin with Slytherin friends and complete house loyalty to Slytherin. On the other, though, her own house ostracized her, and other houses seemed to treat her as an exception to the rule that Slytherins were all snobby and mean. Hermione remained untouched by house rivalries so far, but Hermione was uneasy to see what might happen here. So far, Potions class with the Gryffindors was fine – they were physically separated, so interactions that might turn problematic were limited from the outset within Snape's classroom. Here, though… Here, there could be trouble. Hermione watched as the Gryffindors glanced askance at the leftover broomsticks. Theirs were decidedly less nice than the ones the Slytherins had claimed and traded – Hermione's own broom looked worn but well-kept. The teacher, Madam Hooch, arrived. She had short gray hair, and Hermione noticed her yellow eyes. She made a mental note – either the woman was old and had some sort of medical issue, or she wasn't entirely normal. For all Hermione knew, maybe she was part harpy. Magic didn't seem to have many limits. "Well, what are you waiting for?" Madam Hooch barked. "Everyone stand by a broomstick. Come on, hurry up." The Gryffindors, who had been dilly-dallying, hurried over to the leftover brooms. "Stick out your right hand over your broom," Madam Hooch directed, "and say 'UP!'" "UP!" everyone shouted. Hermione was pleased to see that her broom made it up into her hand, though it did so in a weary, reluctant kind of way. Many of the others hadn't made it all the way up – Ron's had rolled over on the ground, and Neville's hadn't moved at all. She was pleased to see Harry had managed to get his into his hand, and she shot him a smile, which he returned with a pleased grin. Madam Hooch began walking around, showing everyone how to mount their brooms and grip the handle so as not to slip off. Hermione was somewhat alarmed by this – she'd presumed that there was some sort of safety charm built into the broom. Maybe something like training wheels on a bike - they were supposed to be learning how to fly properly, after all. "Now, when I blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard," said Madam Hooch. "Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle- three – two-" But Neville, nervous and shaking and scared of being left behind, had pushed off hard before Madam Hooch had a chance to bring the whistle to her lips. "Come back, boy!" she shouted, but Neville kept flying up, looking terrified. Hermione watched as Neville looked down, went pale, and slipped off his broom. With a nasty crack and a thud, Neville crashed into the ground face-first. Madam Hooch bent over Neville, her face white. "Broken wrist," she muttered. "Come on boy – it's all right, up you get." She helped Neville to his feet and leveled a glare at the rest of the class. "None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or you'll be thrown out of Hogwarts before you can say 'Quidditch.' Come on, dear." Hermione bit her lip as Neville hobbled off with Madam Hooch, who was helping him across the grass. No sooner than they were out of earshot than Draco burst into laughter. "Did you see his face, the great lump?" "Shut up, Malfoy," snapped Parvati Patil. "Ooh, sticking up for Longbottom?" said Pansy. "Never thought you'd like fat little crybabies, Parvati." Hermione exchanged a look of dread with Tracey as the others kept bickering. When Draco grabbed Neville's Remembrall, she almost intervened, but Tracey held her back. "It's a stupid toy," she hissed. "It's not worth it, Hermione." Hermione forced herself to bite her tongue and not say a word, though it got harder when somehow, Draco and Harry had escalated to facing off on broomsticks. It was surreal to watch them – Harry chasing Draco, somehow able to fly as if he'd been doing it his entire life – and then, Harry was diving, racing after the Remembrall, faster than gravity itself, and managed to catch the thing— "HARRY POTTER!" Hermione turned to see Professor McGonagall racing towards them, her face hard, her glasses flashing furiously. "Never- in all my time at Hogwarts-" The Gryffindors began objecting, leaping to Harry's defense, but McGonagall grabbed Harry by the arm, hustling him off. After they had gone, Draco and the others started sniggering once again, but more subdued. One teacher had already seen and intervened, and Slytherins weren't stupid enough to chance it again. That evening at dinner, Hermione drifted over to the Gryffindor table to talk to Harry and Neville. The conversation was entirely not what she expected. "She put you on the Quidditch team?" Hermione repeated. "The Quidditch team?" "Youngest Seeker in a century," Harry said, grinning. "I start training next week." Hermione was torn between anger at the blatant rule breaking and relief that her friend had gotten off scot-free. She settled somewhere in the middle. "Are you at least going to be more careful in the future?" Hermione said with a sigh. "Not antagonize Draco and the others?" "Malfoy started it!" Ron objected. "He always does!" "Did I hear my name?" Hermione turned to see Draco sauntering over, Greg and Vincent in tow. "Having a last meal, Potter? When are you getting the train back to the Muggles?" Draco said, sneering. "You're a lot braver now that you're back on the ground and you've got your little friends with you," Harry said coolly, and Hermione had to repress a smirk at that. Judging from the look on Draco's face, he knew it too. "I'd take you on anytime on my own," Draco challenged. "Tonight, if you want. Wizard's duel. Wands only – no physical contact." He smirked. "What's the matter? Never heard of a wizard's duel before, I suppose?" "Of course he has," Ron snapped, whirling around to glare. "I'm his second. Who's yours?" Draco looked over his minions carefully, his eyes pausing on Hermione before looking back to Harry and Ron. "Granger." Hermione froze at that pronouncement, shock streaking through her mind like lightning. Her? Harry and Ron looked at Malfoy incredulously, then at each other, before simultaneously protesting. However, the boys' loud objections were interrupted with Hermione's firm, "Absolutely not." She met Draco's eyes steadily. Draco raised an eyebrow. "Why not, Granger? Scared?" "I am not about to participate in this sort of activity," she said firmly, "and I'm especially not going to choose to side against my friends or against my house. I'll come to the duel, but I'll be monitoring – I'll play the referee. That fair?" Harry nodded, and Draco nodded again after a moment. "Crabbe can be my second," Draco said. "Midnight all right? We'll meet you in the trophy room; that's always unlocked." They walked away, and Harry turned to Ron. "What is a wizard's duel?" As Ron explained the intricacies, Hermione considered. What spells had they even learned in class, besides Lumos? Hermione knew every spell in her first year spell books, but she doubted Harry knew anything further than what their classes had covered. "You'll probably just send sparks at each other," Ron concluded, reassuring Harry. Harry did not look reassured. Hermione sighed. "Look," she said. "No matter what happens, we'll both be there to take Draco down a peg if need be. Even if you can't cast any spells, I can hit him with a Leg-Lock Jinx if he looks like he's going to hurt you, and then you can do whatever you want." Harry visibly cheered at this. He went back to talking about Quidditch, and Hermione left, rolling her eyes. Still, though. Draco had chosen her, first, even though he wouldn't speak to her voluntarily, or even register her existence unless forced to. But he had chosen her. If that wasn't recognition that she was the best witch in their class, she didn't know what was.
Hermione dressed herself carefully for her first wizard's duel, though she wasn't expected to fight in it. She was torn between the practicality and mobility of Muggle clothes and the importance of appearance and the appropriate gravitas that robes provided. She eventually settled on wearing her robes over top of a black jumper and black denims. It was going to be dark, anyways; the others probably wouldn't notice her clothing at all. Escaping the dungeons and creeping up through the castle to the seventh floor was an adventure all its own. Hermione took care to be as careful and as quiet as possible, trying to blend into the shadows, pretending she was a ninja. Though she had to narrowly avoid Filch, she managed to make it to her destination on time and uncaught. She was amused to meet Harry and Ron outside their common room, both wearing their pajamas and bathrobes. "Nice dueling outfits," she commented, raising an eyebrow. "Very intimidating. I'm sure Malfoy will be awed." "Oh, shut it, Hermione," Ron grumbled, but Harry had the grace to look abashed. As they quietly crept down the corridor, Harry froze, shoving them both back behind him. "I heard something," he said, his eyes wide. He leaned forward, curious, only to spring back as Neville leapt up in front of them. Hermione lingered in the back of the group, unable to refrain from rolling her eyes as the Gryffindors quickly talked in a hush. Neville had forgotten the password, apparently, and been locked out of his common room. She wondered if it had ever occurred to him to knock. Or find Professor McGonagall, for that matter. Somehow, it was decided that Neville would accompany them, as he didn't want to be alone, and the Fat Lady of their portrait wasn't in her frame anymore. Hermione wondered what snide remark Draco would make about this new development. They crept along the corridors, striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. They sped up a staircase and tiptoed toward the trophy room. Draco and Vincent weren't there yet. Hermione entertained herself by looking around at all the trophies. There were certainly a lot of them, for various different things, though most seemed very old. One of the more recent ones was an award for "Special Services to the School," which Hermione thought sounded almost like someone had maxed doing their hours of community service on Hogwarts. The most interesting trophy was for "Combat Potions," dated in 1394, and had a horrific figure half-melting on the top of the trophy instead of the usual victorious angel. "He's late," Ron whispered. "Maybe he's chickened out." Hermione looked around. There was no sign or sound of Draco. A certain sense of dread began to close in on her. Draco wouldn't have chickened out – not if he intended the duel to be real… "It's a trap," she hissed. "We have to get out—" There was a noise in the next room that made them jump. Harry raised his wand when they heard someone speak – and it wasn't Malfoy. "Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a corner." It was Filch talking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at them to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filch's voice. They'd only just rounded the corner when they heard Filch enter the room from the other side. "They're in here somewhere," they heard him mutter. "Probably hiding." Harry gestured to them, and they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run – he tripped, grabbed Ron about the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor. The resulting clamor could have been heard from Hogsmeade. "RUN!" Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted off, Hermione simultaneously torn between yelling at the three of the boys for being so noisy and considering if she should ditch them and run in a different direction – knowing she'd be much quieter on her own. It was the memory of Ron sneering at her in the library, saying that she'd betray them, that kept her reluctantly keeping pace with her friends. They paused against a wall, struggling to catch their breath, Neville wheezing. "I think we've lost him," Harry panted. Hermione scowled. "Draco tricked you," she told him. "He tricked us. He was never going to duel at all. Filch knew someone was going to be in the trophy room – Draco must have tipped him off." From the dark look on Harry's face, Hermione knew he had come to the same realization. A moment later, Peeves was interfering and challenging Ron, and Hermione groaned. She stretched a little, preparing herself, and when Peeves began to yell, she took off right next to Harry, who led the way. They slammed into a locked door at the end of the corridor, and Ron moaned as they pushed helplessly at the door. "This is it! We're done for! This is the end!" "Spare me your dramatics," Hermione snarled, shoving him aside. She whipped out her wand, tapping the lock. "Alohomora!" The lock clicked and the door swung open. They piled through it and shut it quickly. The boys all pressed their ears to it, listening, while Hermione stared into the room. There was a dog there. A very, very large dog, quite possibly as tall as a bus. With three heads. The dog seemed surprised that they'd abruptly burst into its room, which gave them a moment of comparative safety, Hermione supposed. Then the dog shook its heads and snarled, drool leaving its massive mouths and dripping down to the ground. Hermione's eye watched as one strand of drool landed on a metal ring on the floor, and her eyes widened. That was a trap door. The creature was guarding something. The monstrous dog snarled again, and this time, Harry turned around with a "What?" and saw the monstrous dog, his face going white. As the dog growled, Harry groped for the doorknob while Ron whimpered, and they all fell back through the doorway as fast as they could. Hermione was the last out, and she slammed the door behind her, before taking care to lock it once again. When she looked up, she was dismayed to see that the other three had left her, sprinting at full speed for the Gryffindor tower. It was with an angry scowl that she stalked back down to the Slytherin common room, her black robes billowing behind her. She'd gone with them, saved them, and they had abandoned her? Hermione didn't intend to let Ron forget this, and she planned on guilt tripping him for it as long as possible. Her ire gradually began to diminish as the time of night caught up to her, and her angry thoughts gradually subsided into a sort of sleepy curiosity. What could that dog be guarding? It had to be something. And why had she been able to open the door with Alohomora? Surely if it were anything important, they'd have used a proper magically-resistant lock, not one a first-year spell could get through. Her eyes widened as a thought occurred to her. Maybe someone was supposed to get through. A tremor of excitement ran through her as she whispered the password to the wall, letting her into the common room. As she changed and laid down in her bed, her mind was still racing. She wondered over it as she levitated a small pile of books, managing to hold it for nearly three minutes. She'd already learned that things were done differently, here. The Forbidden Forest wasn't so forbidden if you had detention, for example, or if your Creatures class instructed you to go in there. Bullying was dealt with by students, not teachers. Maybe extra credit was gained through obstacle courses that involved dramatic and dangerous things? The dog had been horrifying, but upon further consideration, not the worst thing. There could have been a dragon who could have immediately roasted her alive, Hermione reflected. It could have been a lot worse. Besides. She was sure she had heard of a three-headed dog somewhere, before. She just couldn't remember where. Hermione eventually drifted off, thoughts of dragons and dogs following her into her sleep.
Judging from Draco's dismayed scowl the next morning at breakfast, he'd been expecting them all to get caught. Hermione took particular pleasure in eating her breakfast slowly and obviously, striking up a conversation with Millie about wizard duels in general, and showing off her magic by casually levitating the croissants over to her, making Draco's eyes widen at her display of power – they hadn't covered levitation in Charms yet. After classes, Hermione immediately went hunting for Ernie Macmillan, surprised but pleased to find him studying with some other Hufflepuffs under a tree outside. "We've learned to ride broomsticks, now," Hermione said, smiling. "Will you still take my photo? My parents would love it." Ernie looked up and grinned back at her. "Sure," he said. "Saturday okay?" "Saturday's perfect," Hermione agreed. "Right after breakfast?" One of the other Hufflepuffs was peering at her oddly, and after a moment, finally interrupted, "Your parents would love it?" Hermione turned to give him a slow, measuring look, and he flushed. "Yes," she said slowly, drawing it out. "What of it?" The boy swallowed. "Haven't they ever seen you on a broomstick before?" he asked. Ernie cringed. "Seeing as they're Muggles, no, I daresay they haven't," Hermione said, her tone dangerous. "What of it?" The boy looked confused, and a couple others at the table had leaned in, curious despite themselves. "But you're in Slytherin," he objected. "Slytherin never takes Muggleborns." Hermione raised an eyebrow at him. "And?" He stared at her. "But you… your parents…" Hermione rolled her eyes and turned to Ernie, ignoring the boy. "I'll see you Saturday," she told him. "Should I bring anything?" "I'll bring a broom," he told her. "Bring your hat, robes, and, um, something to tie your hair back with, maybe? In case it's windy out." He grinned at her. "This will be fun. I've never taken posed photos of someone on a broom before." As Hermione left to go to the library, she could catch snippets of the Hufflepuffs' conversation, wondering aloud at her blood status and how she'd gotten into Slytherin. She wondered if they'd make the logical leap, but she doubted it. She'd have to help them along and plant a seed of doubt with them, too, making them believe she was New Blood. Not that it would be hard – that boy had already done most of her work for her. On Saturday, Hermione did her hair and makeup again, and this time, took care to dress… a little oddly. "What are you wearing?" Ernie said, blatantly staring at her as Hermione approached him on the Quidditch pitch. "Isn't it a bit cold out for that?" Hermione grinned. "Muggles imagine witches wearing black dresses and striped tights or socks," Hermione explained. "I didn't have tights, but I was able to charm a pair of socks." Ernie's eyes stayed wide, but he didn't contradict her, and Hermione pulled down the back of her dress. It was a bit short. Hermione was regretting her decision shortly thereafter. Posing on the broom was difficult. It was hard to balance in a way that seemed natural if the broom wasn't moving, similar to how it was hard to balance on a bicycle without it being in motion. And it was even harder to smile that entire time. Ernie had her do a couple slow loops, her toes just skimming the grass, to have some action shots instead of just her hovering, and that was even harder to look good doing, seeing as her knuckles were white from clutching the broom so hard. Flying wasn't something that came naturally to Hermione, though she was doing her best to hide her anxiety from her face. Frustrated, Hermione went off to the broom cupboard and brought back another two brooms, carefully setting them all to hover in a neutral state, one behind the other. "Here," she said. She laid down lengthwise on the broom, posing on her side, and adjusted the other two brooms to allow her weight to be spread out and evenly balanced. "If you get this from the right angle, you won't be able to see that there's three brooms here supporting me instead of just one." Ernie obliged, though he looked puzzled by the pin-up type pose Hermione had wanted, but Hermione was relieved she'd finally got at least one "casual witch" shot on the broom to send her family for Halloween. She knew they'd be tickled pink. "So, Hermione," Ernie said, walking back with her as they put away the brooms. "Justin keeps wondering, and he's got me curious too, now." "Justin?" "The boy who was asking you about your parents the other day," Ernie explained. "He's obsessed with the idea of a Muggleborn in Slytherin. His parents are Muggles too, you know." "No, I didn't know." Hermione fixed Ernie with a look as they headed back up to the castle, and he squirmed. "Are you asking me anything, Ernie, or are you just fishing?" Ernie looked slightly abashed, but drew himself up. "Hermione," he said finally. "How is it that a Muggleborn was sorted into Slytherin?" Hermione gave him a nasty smile. "Don't be ridiculous," she said haughtily. "Muggleborns are never sorted into Slytherin." Ernie looked incredulous. "But – you're Slytherin. And your parents are Muggles." Hermione inclined her head. "This is all true." Ernie threw his hands up. "Then how? The facts contradict each other! This makes no sense." Hermione took a step closer to Ernie, perfectly aware she was uncomfortably close. Ernie's eyes widened. "You're making a false assumption," Hermione murmured, her eyes holding his. "You're presuming that everyone magical who has muggle parents is a Muggleborn." Ernie took a sharp breath. "And… they're not?" "Not everyone." Hermione looked up at him through her lashes, watching as he swallowed hard. His pupils dilated. Ernie's voice was a strangled whisper. "What… what are you, then?" Hermione met his eyes. "I'm New Blood." Hermione broke away from him before he could reply or ask anything else, entering the castle and quickly dodging out of the way as the door started to close, hiding behind a large suit of armor. Ernie was inside a moment later, looking around wildly. Hermione held her breath. Ernie seemed astonished, then resolute. He left the front hall, heading presumably for the Hufflepuff common room, and Hermione exhaled, pleased with herself. Dramatic exits always gave your words more weight. Hopefully Ernie would tell his friend, who would tell someone else, who would tell someone else, until everyone had heard.
Later that day, Hermione went down to the Slytherin common room, determined. "Hey, Blaise?" Blaise Zabini looked up at her as Hermione approached him on one of the sofas. His eyes widened in surprise, and then he looked pleased. "Miss Hermione Granger," he said, giving her a grin. "How can I help you today?" "You're… from Italy?" Hermione guessed. "Somewhere on the continent?" Blaise looked less enthusiastic, he but nodded. "Italy. Why?" "I know I've read about this creature somewhere once before, but for the life of me, I can't remember what it's called," Hermione explained, pushing over a sketchbook drawing she had toiled over. "Do you recognize this?" Blaise took the drawing and looked it over, before looking at her and raising an eyebrow, amused. "Is this supposed to be recognizable as anything except scribbles?" Hermione flushed. "I did my best. But look," she moved over closed to him, crouching by him on the couch and pointing. "It's a giant dog that has three heads. See? It's about this size proportionately to a human, and the faces look like this, if that helps you identify a breed." Blaise studied the picture for a long moment before nodding slowly. "I see what you mean." "And?" Blaise handed the drawing back to her, giving her a cheeky grin. "And if I help you with this, what will you give me in return?" Hermione bit back the urge to retort. Instead, she forced herself to give him a coy smile back, as if she was perfectly accustomed to playing the Slytherin game. "What would you want?" she murmured. Blaise looked surprised at this answer. He paused to consider. "What would I want, what would I want…?" he considered. He glanced over her, and Hermione forced herself not to flinch as he gave her a smirk. "A kiss will do." Hermione couldn't stop her reaction. "A kiss?" "Not now, if you don't want to," he assured her. "But… when you're ready. I want to have your first kiss." "How do you know I haven't already had one?" Hermione challenged. Blaise paused to consider, before his eyes gleamed. "If you had, you wouldn't have hesitated to agree before," he told her. "Girls make a big deal out of their first kiss, but not their second, third, or fourth. So you haven't." "Why?" Hermione asked. He shrugged. "A girl always remembers her first kiss," he told her, his eyes on hers. "I want to make you remember me." His tone was casual, playful, and he was wearing a smirk, but Hermione could hear a note in his voice behind his words that betrayed him. He… he actually wanted to kiss her. Hermione didn't know much about Blaise, save his mother's reputation as a seductress and a man-killer. From Blaise's flirting, she'd presumed that Blaise intended to place himself into a similar role, but… Well. It was okay for a boy to want his first kiss to mean something, too. "A proper first kiss when I'm older," Hermione said quickly, before she realized what she was saying. "A small one on the cheek now, as a promise for later." "Deal," Blaise said immediately, his eyes lighting up. He offered his face, a lingering smile on his lips, and with a quick glance around the room, Hermione moved forward, pressing her lips to his cheek. It was a quick kiss, barely a moment, but one of the third-year Slytherins whistled, and Hermione broke away, embarrassed. Blaise only grinned. "It's from Greek mythology," he told her. "A three-headed dog guarded the cave to the underworld. It guarded Hades' realm. Some legends say it had snakes for a tail." Blaise shrugged and gave her a smile. "That's all I know. That enough?" "Mythology…" Hermione murmured, her mind racing. "That's… thanks! I've got to go!" Hermione darted off to grab her bag from her room, Blaise calling a "You're welcome!" after her as she ran. Random unheard of magical creatures? No idea. But mythology? Hermione knew where to start researching there.
Time flew by without Hermione realizing it. Classes kept her occupied, her additional spellbooks and research filled her free time, and her friends kept her feeling less alone than she'd ever felt before. Now that she'd 'officially' consorted with Blaise Zabini, he frequently joined her, Tracey, and Millie, though he practiced flirting outrageously with them all. They would play Exploding Snap together in the common room, or, very rarely, hide in an abandoned classroom and do their homework. "You can't ever let people know you have to work on something," Blaise told her, very casually. "The best wizards are just naturally capable, and having to do work is something servants do. We all know we have to do work, but we can do our best to hide it for as long as possible." Hermione had held back a retort. The fifth year O.W.L. students certainly didn't seem to care about hiding their feverish studying anymore. The three-headed dog was a Cerberus, Hermione discovered. In Greek mythology, he guarded the way to the underworld, and he had only been passed a few times in history. Once was by Heracles, who seemed to defeat him with brute strength, and once was by Orpheus, who had sung to the beast while playing on his lyre, lulling the monster to sleep. If she was ever going to try and get past the giant dog to win this obstacle course, she would probably need to go the music route. Hermione doubted she'd be able to get her hands on the creature's lead before it ate her. Hermione was also gradually expanding her network of acquaintances, though she wouldn't quite call them friends. Ernie and Hannah caught up with her after class to chat about lessons, and Terry Boot had asked if she wanted to study with him for Defense a time or two. The other Slytherins seemed suspicious of this – they by large kept only to themselves, only having friends inside Slytherin house – but Hermione was eager for any connections she could get. Ernie had also given her a set of the photos from the photo shoots, both the broom one and the one in the library, and Hermione had been pleasantly surprised. They'd turned out much better than she'd expected, even the ones on the broom. The animation of her smirking and flying off was brilliant, and a bit surreal, if she was honest with herself. She'd kept a set for herself and sent a few to her family, wishing them a happy Halloween. When Halloween finally arrived, Hermione had a low level of excitement running through her all day. There was to be a feast at dinner, and Hermione felt a magical sort of anticipation, as if something was going to happen. Breakfast was wonderful, her classmates sharing in her excitement, no matter how much they tried to hide it. Theo was even publicly talking to her, mentioning his family's Samhain traditions and how Hogwarts' celebrations were more low-key. Draco kept looking over at her, as if he wanted to say something, but he kept it to himself, and Hermione felt a twinge of disappointment as he turned to talk to Pansy instead. In Charms class, Flitwick announced that they were ready to start making objects fly, to the great excitement of the class. He paired them up, settling Hermione with Blaise, and instructed them to try and levitate the feather on the top of their desk. Hermione raised an eyebrow and gestured for Blaise to go first. She'd mastered this charm months ago, and though it had been a hard-won victory, she could levitate a small stack of books now. A feather would be nothing. The rest of the room struggled with it. Hermione watched with amusement as Pansy prodded her feather and accidentally set it on fire, Daphne slapping it with her textbook to put it out. Most of the feathers barely moved. "This is stupid," Blaise muttered, gritting his teeth. She smirked, and he glared at her. "Oh, don't laugh. You do it if you're so special." Hermione rolled her eyes, produced her wand, and gave it an elegant swish and flick. "Wingardium Leviosa." The feather flew, and with dexterous control, Hermione sent it after Blaise, tickling his nose until he sneezed and laughed. "Oh! Look! Miss Granger's got it!" Flitwick beamed with pride, and Hermione felt embarrassed for a moment, for him to be proud of her doing something so simple. "You're even controlling its path," Flitwick said proudly. "Five points to Slytherin. Well done." Hermione settled the feather back onto the table, giving Blaise a look. Blaise sighed and took up his wand again, resuming his efforts. "For the rest of class, why don't you try to levitate your quill?" Flitwick suggested. "It's quite a bit heavier than a feather, so-" Her quill was in the air before Flitwick had finished speaking, and she gave him an expectant look. Flitwick blinked. "Ah- your inkwell?" Her inkwell joined the floating quill, and Hermione could see real excitement in Flitwick's eyes. "Your spellbook?" Getting the spellbook to float while already holding two other things aloft was harder, but Hermione managed it, careful to keep a calm smile on her lips as she did, not letting anyone else see her struggle. When she sent all three to circle Flitwick's head, he clapped his hands with a laugh. "Oh, well done, Miss Granger! Twenty points to Slytherin, for sheer skill! Why don't you help the others – you've obviously got the hang of it!" He went off to help Tracey, who was glaring at her feather as if it had personally offended her, and Hermione allowed herself a moment to feel smug. Turning, she caught Draco's eye. He was staring at her, his face inscrutable. With a pause, still flush with pride, Hermione carefully stood and made her way to the higher tiers of the class. The others were too busy trying to float their own feathers to notice, but Draco's and Theo's eyes tracked her all the way up. She started moving toward them, making both of their eyes widen, before she stopped, next to Crabbe and Goyle. Goyle was trying to make his feather fly by blowing it into the air as subtly as he could, while Crabbe had given up and was coloring his feather in with ink. Hermione gestured toward them wordlessly and raised an eyebrow at Draco, and saw as comprehension crossed his face. To her annoyance, he looked torn, and Hermione felt a rush of rage. Still, he doubted her? Just because of his weird hang-ups about the cleanliness of her blood? Counting to five in her head, Hermione took a slow breath in, held it, and let it out. "If they're holding Slytherin back, does it really matter who helps them?" she said quietly, holding Draco's eyes with hers. "Are you really so set on your baseless judgement of me that you'd let them suffer? Let the whole house suffer?" Draco bit his lip and glanced at Theo, who inclined his head, demurring comment. Hermione watched as an internal struggle waged itself across his face, before, with a dramatic sigh, he waved at her, granting her permission. "I suppose tutoring from you couldn't make them any worse," he said, with a sneer aimed at the two boys. "And it could very likely help matters at least a little bit." Hermione inclined her head back to him, the only grace she could manage in her irritation. Prat. Vincent and Greg looked confused when she sat down between them, but amenable enough once she explained she was going to help them. The first thing was making sure they had the proper wand movement down; the second was realizing they had accidentally swapped wands. By the end of the class, Greg was able to do the proper wand movement and pronunciation, and Vincent was able to do the proper swish and flick. It wasn't much, but when only three people in the class had managed to do the spell at all, it seemed like progress to Hermione.
Hermione's happiness at her victory in Charms class was short-lived, however, by Potions. The potion was simple enough – a Pepper-Up Potion – but most of the class kept confusing their beetle shells with preserved scarabs and miscounting their stirs. She and Theo finished in half the time, with a perfect potion. Snape approved of the potion, nodding once over their cauldron, before, for perhaps the first time ever, directing them to help their useless classmates, as he "couldn't possibly keep every idiot from mucking it all up at this rate." Hermione and Theo exchanged a wordless look, before Theo went for the Slytherin side of the classroom, Hermione walking over to the Gryffindor side. Everyone had recently started over, it seemed, and, judging from the frantic looks on faces and sweat coating brows, likely not for the first time. Hermione gently dissuaded two Gryffindor girls from putting in the wrong ingredient and helped them line up all their ingredients in the order they'd need them, receiving a grateful look in response. Dean Thomas and his partner just needed correction on their stirring speed and what "counter-clockwise" meant. Snape was berating Neville Longbottom, who had turned his cauldron into slowly-spreading red sludge, so it was with caution that Hermione carefully stepped around to Harry and Ron's cauldron. Immediately, Hermione noticed problems: their ingredients weren't prepared correctly, their cauldron was set at the wrong temperature, and they had an oak stirring rod instead of a proper rowan one. Hermione stepped next to Harry, correcting him on how to cut and chop and crush the ingredients needed. As she pointed out the flame was too hot, which would cause everything to react faster and not mature for the needed time, she noticed Ron's face was red. By the time she got to the stirring rod, explaining that they had grabbed the wrong one, Ron was nearly shaking. Hermione felt a moment of pity; she'd be embarrassed if she'd gotten everything wrong, too, but she was their friend, so surely it wasn't that bad? Hermione returned to her seat after helping her classmates to get started on her homework assignment. The rest of class passed uneventfully, save Neville's cauldron beginning to rumble like a volcano. After class, they all spilled out into the hallway, eager to get to the Halloween feast, Hermione following behind the crush of students. "It's no wonder no one can stand her!" Hermione's heart stopped. She edged forward, craning her neck around Goyle to see. "She's a nightmare, honestly!" Ron was ranting to Harry. "No wonder the Slytherins don't want to be her friend!" The venom in his tone caught her off guard, and betrayal lanced across Hermione's heart, sharp and painful. She could feel that her eyes were welling up, to her mortification, and she shoved past them, hurrying to get out of the hallway. There were other Slytherins here – she couldn't let them see her cry. She couldn't. "I think she heard you," she heard Harry say behind her, but Hermione ran on. She locked herself in the first girl's bathroom she came to and sank to the ground in a corner, crying into her knees. She'd thought they were friends. Not great, mind you, but they all studied and did homework together. And with her being in Slytherin, it wasn't like she had many friends. She cherished the few close ones she'd made (she thought she'd made) in Gryffindor - but Ron had been so vicious, and she'd only been trying to help! Hermione stayed there, crying as quietly as she could. All her frustration at not being included and at Ron's hurtful words seeped out in the form of tears, and for once, it felt good to let go and not care about keeping up a strong front. Hermione heard someone come in, and to her horror, it was Daphne. "…Hermione?" Hermione looked up defiantly, tears still brimming in her eyes. "What?" Daphne looked thrown. "Are… are you okay?" Hermione bit her lip and tried not to burst into tears again. "…No." Daphne looked very uncomfortable. With a careful look back at the door, she sank to the ground next to Hermione, looking her in the face. "What happened?" Hermione blinked. It was very rare for Daphne to even look at her, let alone speak to her. Haltingly, Hermione related what had happened in Potions class and Ron's vitriol afterwards. Daphne's face grew harder. "Weasley is a piece of trash," she said. "You're worth ten of him. A hundred, even. Don't let him get to you. How dare he." Hermione felt partially better, just hearing the venom in Daphne's tone. It felt good to know that someone else was angry and upset for her – even as weird as it was to have Daphne supporting her in her time of need. "Weasley will get what's coming to him," Daphne pronounced. She stood. "Take your time here, Hermione – the feast will last for an hour. Come up after you've cleaned yourself up a bit and can sit there like his words meant nothing – like a proud Slytherin should." Hermione nodded, sniffing. Daphne looked like she was considering something. "…It's okay to cry, you know," she told her finally. "Just… only around friends and house mates, you know? Never let them know they got to you. That's how you let them win." Daphne left the bathroom after that pronouncement, leaving Hermione to stare after her, wiping her eyes. Ten minutes later, Hermione was feeling much better. She'd splashed her face with water, and the puffy redness in her eyes was almost gone. She was hoping with all the flickering candlelight in the Great Hall that no one would be able to tell, when she heard a loud rumble, and a horrible, rancid smell reached her nose. She slowly turned around. There was a troll in the bathroom. It stood nearly twelve feet tall, with its skin a mottled gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut. The smell coming from it was horrendous. It was holding a huge, wooden club, dragging it along the floor as it walked. Its eyes seemed to swim, before they focused on Hermione, and it lurched towards her. She screamed. Hermione scrambled for cover under a sink, her mind racing. The creature could reach anything in the bathroom, including her – how could she possibly escape? The creature grunted and bashed a sink out the wall next to her, the porcelain loudly clanging to the ground, and Hermione screamed again, dashing out and crouching against the wall. The troll continued knocking sinks out of the wall as it advanced toward her, sending water spraying everywhere, and Hermine felt faint. A loud noise came from the other side of the bathroom, and as the troll turned to look, Hermione took her chance. Climbing up on one of the few remaining sinks, she jumped and hung on to the door of the bathroom cubicle, before swinging a leg up to straddle it. Carefully, very carefully, she pulled herself towards the wall and pulled herself up using a wall sconce, before reaching for the ledge around the top of the bathroom. Hermione had never been very strong, and had never been able to do more than three pull-ups at a time, but in this instance, fear was a great motivator, and Hermione climbed up on top of the ledge. Leaning against the wall and taking deep breaths, Hermione looked, suddenly realizing there were other people in the bathroom now – Harry and Neville had appeared, and they were throwing things at the troll. Hermione watched as Harry took a great running jump at the troll as it started for Neville, and the troll suddenly howled in pain, thrashing about. It seemed Harry's wand had gone up its nose. "Wingardium Leviosa!" Hermione was surprised to see Neville with his wand in the air, looking shocked by his own actions, but he directed the floating piece of rubble to crash into the troll, to no obvious effect. Neville's casting sparked a memory and Hermione whipped out her own wand. "Harry, jump! Incendio!" With a yell, Harry dived off the troll as its clothes caught fire, the smell of burning flesh starting to permeate the room. Hermione could see the moment the troll realized and went to make for the sinks. "Wingardium Leviosa!" Hermione felt the spell take hold as she arrested the troll's club. The troll stopped and seemed surprised by the abrupt loss of his club, even as he burned. He yelled, swiping the air for it, and Hermione let it hover for a long moment, waiting, before letting it crash down onto the troll's head. The troll's eyes rolled up, and it crashed into the ground face-first. There was a long moment as they watched the flames die in a puddle of water, everyone waiting to see what would happen, before Harry carefully crept towards it. "Is it dead?" "I think it's just knocked out," Hermione ventured, and Harry whipped around to glance up at her. The quirk of his lips told her he hadn't realized where she'd gone. She watched as Harry carefully removed his wand from the troll's nose and wiped it on the troll's trousers. "Why is there a troll in the school?" Hermione asked finally. "Are we supposed to kill it?" "I am surprised, Miss Granger, that it did not kill you." The three turned to look at the doorway, where Professor Snape, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Quirrell were standing. Professor Quirrell looked at the troll, whimpered, and sank down onto a toilet, and Hermione snorted in disgust. Harry's eyes went wide. "How long have you been there?" The professors ignored his question. Snape advanced toward the troll and bent over it. McGonagall was looking at them all, looking furious. Her lips were white, she was so angry. "What on earth were you thinking?" she said, cold fury in her voice. Her eyes scanned over Neville and Harry, making them both flinch. "You're lucky you weren't killed. Why aren't you in your dormitory?" Professor Snape was looking at Hermione expectantly. With a sigh, Hermione sat down on the ledge, resisting the urge to swing her feet. "Professor McGonagall, I suspect they were looking for me." Professor McGonagall looked up, raising a prim eyebrow. "And why, Miss Granger, were you not in your dormitory?" Hermione bit her lip, looked to Neville and Harry, and took a careful breath. "I never made it to the feast," she admitted. "I was in here, crying, since the end of classes. Ron said something horrible about me, and I hid so no one would see my tears." Hermione watched as Professor McGonagall's face shifted from fury to horror to pity, though she could tell she was trying not to react. "Miss Granger…" Professor McGonagall's voice was softer, now. "I had just cleaned up and was going to join the feast when the troll came in. I had no idea there was a troll loose at all, or I would have been in my dormitory, I promise you." Professor McGonagall rounded on Neville and Harry, fixing them with a stern eye. "And I expect you two just had to come and save her?" Obviously nervous, they babbled out something about overhearing one of the Slytherin girls tell another one that Hermione had been crying, and they realized she didn't know about the troll and was in danger. Neville was blushing horribly while trying to get the story out, while Harry looked defiant. With a sigh, Professor McGonagall pinched the bridge of her nose. "Well, I still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You each win Gryffindor five points, and Miss Granger, five points to Slytherin. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go." They shuffled out, Neville casting a fearful glance back at Snape as they left. Quirrell managed to get to his feet and stagger out after them, leaving Hermione alone in the bathroom with Snape and an unconscious troll. Snape raised an eyebrow at Hermione. "Can you get down?" "I'm not sure," Hermione admitted. "I was mostly running on adrenaline when I got up here. I'm not sure I'm dexterous enough to climb back down." With a sigh, Snape muttered something beneath his breath, and he began to rise. Hermione stared, unable to help herself. She'd never seen a person fly before, not without some sort of broom. But Snape – he was just floating up – He reached the ledge, and, fixing her with a resigned look, opened his arms. Hermione hesitated only a moment before hurling herself into them, hugging him tightly around the waist. "There will be no discussion of this with your classmates, Miss Granger." His voice was dark. "Never," Hermione promised, as he led them into a slow descent. "I'll keep your secrets, I promise." There was a bump as they landed, and Hermione let go, taking a step back. Snape's eyes were on her, inscrutable. "Thank you for rescuing me," she said politely, and Snape snorted. "If there were ever a student less in need of rescuing, it would be you, Miss Granger," he said. "I just opted for the path of least destruction – who knows what further property damage you would cause, getting down from there." Hermione blinked in surprise, and Snape's mouth curled up at one corner, into the smallest smirk. "Ten points to Slytherin for quick thinking and recognizing when to strategically retreat," he said. There was a pause, and his eyes hardened. "And twenty points from Gryffindor for bullying." Hermione shivered at the murderous look in Snape's eyes. She didn't envy Ron one bit.
The rest of the feast was being held in the common rooms, and when Hermione returned to the depths of the castle, there was a moment of silence as her classmates took in her appearance – covered in water and porcelain dust as she was. Hermione walked defiantly, regardless of the white powder clinging to her hair and the state of her robes. She'd just fought a troll and won. She could look a mess if she wanted to. She stalked towards her dormitory, whispers following her as she left. As she changed, Tracey and Millie wandered in, one of them carrying a plate. They sat on Hermione's bed, watching as she pulled on fresh robes. "What happened?" Tracey said finally. Hermione cast her a look. "A troll wandered into the bathroom I was in," Hermione said. "That's what happened." Millie and Tracey's eyes went huge, and Hermione found herself telling them exactly what had happened. Tracey had brought a plate of food for Hermione, and Hermione used some of the sweets to show them the exact layout of the bathroom. "You say Harry and Neville tried to rescue you?" Tracey said. She exchanged a look with Millie. "That's pretty daring." "It was pretty stupid of them," Hermione corrected. "Still, I'm glad they did it." She paused. "Though, I'm not sure if they were motivated so much out of heroism and friendship as much as guilt for what Ron said." Tracey and Millie's faces darkened immediately. "He is our enemy, now," Millie pronounced, something dangerous in her tone. "Who's our enemy, now?" Pansy said as she entered the room, tossing her hair. Daphne wasn't far behind her. "Ronald Weasley," Tracey said. "For his offenses against Hermione and our house." Daphne turned to look at them, before moving over and joining them on Hermione's bed. She looked at Pansy expectantly, who huffed but joined them as well. "Well?" Daphne prompted. Hesitating at first, but gaining strength as she went, Hermione told the story of the bathroom and the troll again. The other girls gasped as she described the way it crushed the sink next to her, and there were genuine expressions of terror and shock as she described climbing out of the way and the boys' fight with the beast. When she told them how she lit it on fire and knocked it out with its own club, their expressions turned to admiration and wary respect. "And you were in there because of Ron Weasley?" Pansy said, raising an eyebrow. Hermione bit her lip, before nodding. "He said 'It's no wonder no one can stand me,'" Hermione recited. "That 'I'm a nightmare' and 'no wonder the Slytherins don't want to be my friend'." The other girls exchanged a look. "When the professors caught us in the bathroom, I admitted that I'd been hiding and upset from Ron's bullying," Hermione said. "It kept the two boys out of trouble, and redirected McGonagall's rage away from us to Ron." She paused. "Snape took points from Gryffindor for his bullying, too. So that's a plus." There was a silence, and Hermione felt uncomfortable. The other girls seemed to be looking at each other, an entire conversation encompassed within their glances. None of them looked at her. Tracey looked excited, Millie wary, and Pansy exasperated. Daphne looked pensive for a long moment, before she looked up at Hermione. "House Slytherin is gathered to unite against a common enemy," she said, her eyes hard. "We unite our hearts, our minds, and our magic to bring down our foe and keep Slytherin strong." Her words had the ring of magic to them, and Hermione watched as she continued. "Ronald Weasley is foe to House Slytherin," Daphne murmured, placing her hand on the bed in the center between the girls. "He has injured me and mine, he has made us his enemy, and we shall stand together to bring him down." The other girls all looked to each other with wide eyes. Even Hermione could sense something formal was happening, and she tried to look like she understood. "Ronald Weasley is foe to House Slytherin," Tracey repeated, moving suddenly to put her hand on top of Daphne's. "He has injured me and mine. He has made us his enemy, and we shall stand together to bring him down." Hermione gasped as strings of green light came from under Daphne's hand, floating in the air next to Tracey's. "Ronald Weasley is foe to House Slytherin," Millie declared, clapping her hand on top of the pile. "He has injured me and mine, he has made us his enemy, and we shall stand together to bring him down." The glowing strings lengthened, and Hermione's eyes widened even more. Everyone looked to Pansy, who was pouting, before she rolled her eyes and huffed. "All right," she said snidely. "But this is only because I don't like Weasley, you know." She moved closer, laying her hand on top of Millie's, and when Pansy spoke, there was a sudden weight to her words. "Ronald Weasley is foe to House Slytherin," she intoned. "He has injured me and mine, he has made us his enemy, and we shall stand together to bring him down." They all looked to her, and after a torn moment, Hermione put her hand down on the top. "Ronald Weasley is foe to House Slytherin," she said quietly. "He has injured me and mine. He has made us his enemy… and we shall stand together to bring him down." The floating strings of energy began moving quickly, tying knots between everyone's hands and wrists, leaving almost after-images of bright neon green light hanging in the air. "This we so swear," Daphne said. "We swear in our hearts to recognize him as our enemy. We swear in our minds to plot his demise. And we swear by our magic to protect each other and bring him down. We swear this by House Slytherin, united against our foe. This we so swear." There was a tense moment as the green light slashed around all their hands, before all their hands began to pulse and glow. "This we so swear!" Hermione hadn't realized she had spoken with the others – it just happened, the words forcing themselves from her lips – but there was a jolt of energy that shot through and up her arm, before the rest of the green energy broke apart into little green flakes, slowly dissipating into the air. The other girls were looking at their hands in shock, before looking at Hermione in surprise. Daphne's face was a mixture of pride and determination. "That hurt," Tracey said, stretching her arm. "Damn." "I've never done a ritual like that before," Pansy admitted. "I mean, not a real one." "We've never had real enemies before," Daphne said. "Not really." The girls all nodded softly, exchanging looks, before quietly going about their evening routines without a word. Hermione couldn't stop her mind from racing. She felt as if something had shifted inside of her, something she couldn't come back from. She'd declared Ron her enemy. She'd sworn to act against him – to actively bring him down. But hadn't Ron started that in the first place? He'd called her names and been cruel since the start of the year, he'd abandoned her to Filch, and today he'd said such horrid things… if anyone had declared the other an enemy, Ron had done it first. And the girls… it'd let her bond with the other Slytherin girls… Hermione fell asleep that night with an anxious feeling in her stomach, but with a small smile on her face.
The next day, as Hermione waited in the common room for Tracey and Millie to come down, Draco Malfoy approached her. Hermione looked at him in surprise. Draco straightened his back, took a deep breath, and spoke with determination. "I understand that the Slytherin girls declared Weasley foe to House Slytherin last evening." Hermione stared at him. It was 7:00am – how, exactly, had someone gotten that information to him so fast? Draco stood there, waiting, and Hermione realized he was expecting a response. "We did," Hermione said slowly, nodding. Draco nodded once. "If Weasley is foe to you girls, he shall be foe to the rest of us as well," he told her, extending his hand. "Our year will remain united and act as one." He seemed to be waiting for a response from her, and Hermione wracked her brain for an appropriate phrase to say here from her etiquette books, pulling bits and pieces of formal phrasing together that seemed like they might work. "Our year of House Slytherin is united against our common enemy," she told him, carefully putting her hand in his. "We are united in purpose to use our hearts, our minds, and our magic to bring down our foe and keep Slytherin strong." There was a sharp flare of bright green magic as they shook hands, and Draco snapped his hand back, shaking it as though he was stung. "Merlin, Granger," he said finally, looking at her with a new respect in his eyes. "Did you zap the other girls that badly?" "We had each other to balance out everyone's power surge," Daphne said, descending from the stairs and joining them. She raised an eyebrow to Hermione. "You've united our pact with that of the boys'?" "I- I have," Hermione said. She looked to Draco. "When did you…?" "Last night, after Daphne told us of Weasley's bullying," Draco said. Hermione was astonished by his casual manner, and the lack of disdain in his eyes. "Blaise acted as stone, and I acted as seam." "I was stone," Daphne told Draco. "Pansy seemed to want to be seam, but there's no way – we all know who the most powerful witch in our year is," Daphne admitted, casting a respectful look at Hermione, "though we may have, at first, been reluctant to admit it." Tracey and Millie came down, their eyes wide as they saw Daphne and Draco talking to Hermione. They slowly edged over, and Hermione was relieved when Pansy and Blaise came down moments later. Blaise looked over the group, shaking his head with an amused smirk. "Breakfast, then?" It was a new experience to be included in the Slytherin breakfast discussions. Most of the discussion had centered around Charms, and the difficulty of making a feather fly. Draco had expressed his frustration with it, while Theo had commented that at least they'd made a better showing than the Gryffindors. Pansy had simpered at Draco, telling him she was sure he'd get it first next time (at this, her eyes slid over to Hermione), while Theo and Blaise exchanged a disgusted look. There was a loud 'bang' from the Gryffindor table, and as one, Slytherin looked over with disgust. It seemed that the Weasley twins had put a firecracker in one of the bowls of bacon. Bits of bacon and grease had gone everywhere, and Professor McGonagall was rapidly descending to put a stop to the madness. Ron Weasley was particularly angry, having been the person reaching for the bacon in the first place and having gotten a face full of it. The Slytherins turned back to their own breakfasts, but a certain ominous feeling had settled over them. "I've never declared someone enemy before," Greg admitted. "How do we do this? I can punch him after classes." "That'll just get you in trouble," Daphne said. "If you have to punch him, wear a hood and put on a Ravenclaw tie or something – he's stupid enough that he might not recognize you." "We could steal his bag and sabotage his homework," Theo suggested. "His marks would drop, and he'd get in trouble for that." "That might be harder than you think," Hermione said. "His marks are already dismal – any sabotaging we would do could only improve his work." There was a collective smirk at this, before they lapsed back into pensive silence. They all sat there, thinking. "When my father wants to bring an enemy down," Draco said slowly, "he usually begins by finding out everything he can about the person. He then either blackmails them, or he works toward changing the public opinion of the person so the public brings them down." The Slytherins looked to each other. "We could make the teachers all hate him?" Blaise suggested. "It'll be easier than all the students. And if the teachers all hate him and he keeps losing points, all the Gryffindors will definitely start to hate him." "How do we get the professors to hate him, though?" Hermione asked. "It's not that easy." Draco's eyes turned to her, and there was a flare of satisfaction in them. "That, Granger, is where you're wrong." At lunch, Draco had told her not to worry, that The Plan would be ready by Saturday. He and Theo and Blaise were hard at work on it, taking input from Daphne. From his tone of voice and word choice, it almost seemed like he wanted to impress her with this plan. It was strange enough having Draco talk to her directly, after being snubbed for two months, but the idea of him trying to impress her was beyond odd. Hermione wondered if the social rules had changed because the ritual had "united them against a common foe," but there really was no real way to know. So Hermione let it go and focused on her lunch. After classes that day, Hermione waited patiently in the dungeons for Snape's NEWT level class to leave. A few minutes of waiting later, the doors opened, and students poured out, all of them looking stressed and highly relieved. Hermione knocked twice on the door, though it was still open. "Professor?" Professor Snape looked up from his desk immediately, his eyes sharp. "Yes, Miss Granger?" "May I come in?" His lip curled. "Unless you prefer to shout your business down the corridor." Hermione flushed as she entered the classroom and quickly closed the door. "I didn't want to presume upon your time, sir," she explained, moving to take the chair Snape had conjured for her. "I don't know if you have office hours for this sort of thing." "For Slytherins, I am at your disposal," Snape said silkily. His eyes glinted. "Now, Miss Granger – what have you come to discuss?" Hermione hesitated, considering her wording carefully. "I… think I may have broken a rule," she told him. "I am hoping you have a student handbook around that I can look things up in." "A student handbook?" Snape raised an eyebrow. "Yes, a list of all the rules we have to follow here at Hogwarts, all the policies and punishments and so on." Snape's gaze was fixed on her. "And why," he said, "would you, Miss Granger, at the top of your class and nary a point lost – why would you want such a thing?" Hermione bit her lip. "…I think I was involved in casting forbidden magic," she admitted. "I don't really know – it hasn't been covered in any of my books." Snape's eyebrow rose higher. "Forbidden magic?" Faltering, Hermione told him the story of the ritual she'd participated in the night before – how the other Slytherins had planned it before they'd even come to talk to her, how Daphne had said words and put her hand on the bottom, how the green power had appeared, how it meant something when Hermione put her hand on the top, and how she'd unwittingly united the house by shaking hands with Draco in the morning when both of them had gotten zapped. She finished with that part, not wanting to go into detail about how the first year Slytherins were actively plotting Ron Weasley's downfall. Snape's scowl had disappeared, and his eyes had darkened even further. He took a breath, staring at her in silence, before he finally spoke. "Ritual magic is how magic used to be cast, Miss Granger," he told her quietly. "Before wands, all magic was channeled through the ground, through circles and words and chanting and candles. Some magic required sacrifices, others blood, and rituals could run astray when the power summoned was too much to be contained by those in the circle." "Rituals have largely fallen out of favor," he continued. "Wands are simpler, and more elegant; there is a need, and there is a spell for that – no coven, no candles, no chanting, no mess." "However, not everything has a spell for it, and rituals still work, if they are performed. Many pureblood families pass down stories of some rituals that they teach their children. The one you unwittingly helped perform is one of them that is particularly well-known – The Fallen Foe." Hermione bit her lip. "It wasn't very complicated, though. It was just us saying words and making a stack of our hands. There weren't any candles or anything." "A ritual doesn't need to be complicated, necessarily. A ritual is a focusing of magic and intent. Your ritual united you all and your magic toward causing the downfall of Mr. Weasley." Snape's eyes glittered. "Should you and your fellow participants begin working toward this goal, you shall find it perhaps… easier, than you had anticipated. Magic will help you along the way." Hermione swallowed. "Did… I break a rule then?" Snape's eyebrow rose. "Declaring a foe is an old tradition, one that is rarely used but highly protected – the Great Houses would rebel against the school if they could not declare threats to their House's welfare as foes. It is not forbidden, Miss Granger, but I would advise you not to speak of it to any others. It is not exactly customary magic, nor 'white', if you understand." Hermione nodded slowly, then paused. "…are there more rituals, sir?" Snape's eyes hardened, and Hermione hurried to explain. "Only, I'm trying to fit in in Slytherin house, and I had no idea what Daphne was doing, and it was lucky I got it right at all, and I don't want to be left behind again," she rushed out. "If you have a book about basic rituals, the ones that all the pureblood parents teach their children, I could read it and understand when they say such things." Snape looked at her long and hard before releasing a sigh. He stood, went to the opposite door of the classroom, and disappeared behind it for a long moment. Hermione sat still in her chair, waiting, resisting the urge to bounce her foot. Snape returned a moment later, holding a dark-clad book. "This will give you the information you are looking for," he told her. His eyes were sharp. "Do not let the others see you reading it, especially not the faculty. If you are caught, do not tell anyone where you got it. Do you understand?" Hermione nodded. She reached into her bag and pulled out a stretchy, green and blue colored cloth pocket. Snape eyed it with distaste. "Miss Granger, what is that?" "A book sock – a Muggle book cover," she told him, stretching it over the hard cover of the ominous-looking book. "In this case, a book disguise." She shut the book and showed him. The cover was now covered in light green and blue pastels, and for the world, looked like a Muggle book of stories – not a book full of ancient and ominous magic. Hermione was pleased to see Snape's lips quirk upwards. "Five points to Slytherin for clever thinking," he murmured. He turned to her, his eyes narrowing. "Now get out. Don't you have some reading to do?" It was all too cheerfully that Hermione skipped out of the dungeons, clutching the book to her chest.
Homework had been light that week, with even the teachers in a celebratory Halloween spirit, so Hermione went up to Ravenclaw tower to read her new book. The others looked up as she came in, but she was met with nods and small smiles. She'd come up to study with Terry Boot a few times now, and with the "password" being merely a riddle, it seemed that the Ravenclaw common room was welcome to anyone who wanted to join in in academic pursuits. Curling up on a window seat with perfectly-positioned blue pillows, Hermione began to read. The book wasn't exactly what Hermione expected, and her eyes grew large as she continued. Just the introduction was a tirade against the dumbing down of magic, of the Old Ways being forgotten, and how ritual magic was a wizard's heritage and the way to access True Power, and how rituals should not be forgotten. There were casual references to the power of blood and sacrifice that gave Hermione the impression that such things were normal components of rituals. The names of some of the rituals, such as The Dark Way and Misery to All Ye Who Oppose Me, gave her pause. The introduction concluded with a plea for wizards to return to the way of rituals for all meaningful magic, and to leave the small, non-important magic to the wand. The next part dealt with the types of rituals and different components. Hermione was fascinated to read about the different structures – if she learned the different parts, it seemed that she would be able to create her own rituals, if she truly understood it all. She happily dissected the ritual they'd done in the dormitory – the "stone" was the witch who began the ceremony and directed the power toward its end purpose, and the "seam" was the witch who had the justification to do the ritual (in her case, Ron's bullying) and whose power would unite them all in purpose and mind. Hermione was a bit flattered to realize that Daphne had meant her compliment about Hermione being the most powerful witch in their year. The stone and seam were serious responsibilities. Knowing what she knew now, Hermione would have expected her hand to be placed second-to-last, with Daphne directing Pansy to put her hand on the top – Pansy's hatred of the Weasleys was common knowledge and would have been enough to fuel the spell as the one who 'needed' the ritual. Instead, Daphne had directed her to be the seam, and even Pansy had acquiesced with only a snarky remark but no real objection. Maybe her efforts were finally beginning to pay off. Their last Charms class had been impressive, and Potions was good too. It was her defeat of the troll, though, that Hermione suspected had been the catalyst for this change. She doubted any of the others would have had the strength to set the troll on fire – Incendio was in the last third of their spell book, and they probably wouldn't learn it until March at the earliest. And all the others probably would have frozen in fear, not been compelled to escape and move. Hermione spent an enjoyable afternoon reading about other ritual configurations – the pentagram, the seven-star, the triangle of totality, and so on. She only realized how late it was in the day when Anthony Goldstein interrupted her, putting a hand on her knee. "I'm not sure you're aware of this," he said, with a small smile, "but everyone else is leaving for dinner." "Ah!" Hermione sat up abruptly, flushing. She hurriedly tucked her book into her bag, slinging it over her shoulder. "I'm so sorry – I didn't realize." "No matter – I certainly know what it's like to get caught up in a good book." He grinned at her, and Hermione found herself grinning back. Anthony paused, before awkwardly holding his arm out, his elbow pointy. "May I escort you to dinner?" Hermione blinked at him, trying to hide her astonishment at his offer as her mind raced through the social implications. An escort to dinner was an indication of respect for a witch and fondness, generally only done with witches of high class, and could indicate an intent to court her or that she was being courted – Anthony was a Goldstein, halfblood due to a Muggleborn grandfather, still of admirable status in magical society by virtue of his family name, and apparently educated in pureblood etiquette- Anthony stood there awkwardly with his elbow extended, a strained smile on his face. He looked awfully cute, Hermione reflected, blond hair hanging ever just-too-long over his ears, and he was trying not to bite his lip. Decision made, Hermione flounced to her feet and took his arm. "I would love if you would escort me to dinner," she told him, rewarding him with a dazzling smile. Anthony looked surprised and a little dazed, but he regrouped admirably enough, and it was with great purpose and pride he escorted her out of Ravenclaw tower and down the stairs, making idle conversation about levitation charms. He confessed that he was still having more difficulty with them than he wanted, despite the seeming simplicity of the charm. Hermione offered that if she focused on the bottom of the object specifically, of supporting it on a wave of wind or power when trying to lift it, levitating objects felt easier than when she just focused on the object as a whole, trying to overcome its weight with sheer will. She admitted she didn't know if that was how the spell was supposed to be done, but it worked just as well, had the same wand movements, and the same results, so he might as well try it next time? As he pushed open the doors to the Great Hall, Anthony looked at her like she'd just handed him a bag of gold. "Thank you," he told her, his eyes earnest. He paused. "You know you're smart, of course, but you really are brilliant. You think of things in ways no one else does like it's effortless." He smiled and bowed over her hand, pressing a kiss to the back of it. "It's been my pleasure speaking with you, Hermione. Thank you for the conversation." His compliment was delivered with such sincerity and admiration that Hermione flushed, which only deepened at his kiss to her hand. Minding her (much-studied) manners, Hermione inclined her head and gave him a small curtsy (which was terribly difficult to pull off in such a short skirt). Anthony seemed amused but pleased at her efforts and smiled to her as they parted ways, him heading to the Ravenclaw table, her to the Slytherin one. It was only when she saw her entire year at Slytherin staring at her, mouths agog, that she realized something might be amiss. A quick glance around the room confirmed that not many people were at dinner yet, and the majority of those who were seemed occupied with eating. A few of the Ravenclaws were giving Anthony appraising looks as he walked toward them, and Ernie Macmillan over at Hufflepuff looked furious for some reason. No one at Gryffindor was batting an eye, and no one at the Head Table seemed to be paying any attention to them. Hermione took her seat at the Slytherin with as much grace and decorum as she could, acting as if nothing at all had just happened. "Sorry," she said, nodding to the others. "I got carried away reading before dinner and didn't realize the time." There were reflexive murmurings of acceptance and forgiveness, and slowly, the other witches turned away from her to resume their conversation – something about Sleekeazy's latest creation, it seemed. They glanced back at her periodically, but Hermione was doing nothing interesting – only eating her food, now. The boys, however, seemed considerably more interested in her; three of them, at least – Crabbe and Goyle certainly weren't, given they were thumb wrestling in between bites. But Draco was giving her a dark look, one that would fill most people with dread. Blaise looked highly amused, his eyes dancing with mischief, and Theo looked incredulous, though he was trying to hide it. They all ate their dinners in silence for a long time, the noise of silverware tinging and plates being scraped filling the air. "That Anthony Goldstein?" Theo said finally. Ha! They broke first. Hermione smiled to herself, while outwardly, she nodded. "He offered to escort me to dinner," she said, cutting her roast. "Like when I was playing bodyguard and you made me take you everywhere?" Hermione's lips curled up at the sides, into a sort of amused half-smile. "Yes, sort of like that," she mused. "Only, not really like that at all." Theo sat back in his seat, eyebrows raised, and if it was possible, Draco's face darkened even further. "Goldstein's certainly not hesitating, then," Blaise said, smirking. "No one's been escorted to dinner yet this year – no one under 4th year, at least." His matter-of-fact assessment gave Hermione pause. "…You keep track?" she asked carefully. "Of course," he shrugged. "Need to know the current situation of who is after who, don't I? If I'm going to be stepping on another wizard's toes, I need to know who that wizard is." He shot her a grin, and Hermione rolled her eyes but grinned back. "He didn't give you anything, did he?" Draco demanded abruptly. The conversations amongst any of the first years ceased. Hermione felt all their eyes slowly turn to stare at her. "A compliment?" Hermione offered, trying to hide her unease. "He walked me to dinner. That was all." The others slowly turned away to refocus on their own plates, Hermione included, as she tried to conceal her confusion. Draco seemed satisfied and less angry at her answer, but Pansy was looking at Draco as if he'd grown a third head – a mixture of anger, shock, and betrayal, that didn't seem to fit on her face, given the situation. Daphne seemed to realize the uncomfortable situation. "Meeting tomorrow night at eight, in the corner of the common room by the lake," Daphne reminded them all, her social graces smoothing over the situation. "Quidditch tomorrow," Greg grunted, and Draco gave him an annoyed look. "It's not likely to go all day," he told him. "If we win, there will be a party, and we can talk in the corner with no one knowing any better. If we lose, there will be sulking and angry talk, and no one will pay attention to us anyway." "If we lose?" Blaise looked at Draco with horror. "Surely you don't think we're going to lose to Gryffindor, do you?" That started them bickering about Quidditch, something decidedly more normal to hear about at the dinner table, and Hermione managed to finish eating her dinner in relative peace.
The entire school filed out to watch the Quidditch match the next morning after breakfast. This, to Hermione, seemed the perfect excuse to linger behind, dart back inside, and explore the forbidden third-floor corridor. Hermione felt prepared. She had with her a proper explorer's kit, assembled from many jaunts around the castle and odds owls sent to her parents. Her father, upon hearing she wanted to make an explorer's kit, had seemed oddly enthusiastic about sending her a backpack filled with a bedroll, mess kit, tinderbox, torches, lock picks, army rations, a waterskin, a crowbar, 50 feet of rope, and a grappling hook – one or two items at a time. By the time she was done assembling everything, the entire pack was incredibly heavy, and Hermione took out the rations, bedroll, and torches to help lighten it – she certainly didn't plan on staying in the corridor for days, despite her father's odd insistence. Hermione had also gotten a music wand from Madam Pomfrey. Hermione had gone to the infirmary, pleading homesickness, and the nurse had given her the wand, suggesting a lullaby to help her get to sleep. The nurse had fixed her with a sharp look, telling her she wasn't about to give out Dreamless Sleep potions to young children for homesickness, but Hermione had been genuinely grateful for the music wand, and Madam Pomfrey's face had softened. After carefully looking around the area surrounding the third floor corridor, Hermione activated the music wand and aimed an Alohomora at the door. The giant, three-headed dog was still there, but as Hermione watched it, its face and ears seemed to droop with sleep, charmed by the Mozart issuing from the music wand. Hermione watched as it collapsed onto its paws, all its heads beginning to snore, and Hermione quickly shut the door behind her. The trap door was just behind the dog, and Hermione was lucky it hadn't been blocked by the dog when it had collapsed. She was surprised to discover that the door opened with just a pull, but uneasy to see that it opened into black nothingness. Biting her lip, Hermione left the music wand playing near the trapdoor, floating a few feet off the ground. It had an hour before it would automatically stop and need to be manually restarted again. She got out her grappling hook, and, after carefully wedging it onto the trap door and the floor (breaking some of the floor in the process – the grappling hook had sharper hooks than she'd thought), Hermione tied the end of the rope to her middle and began to climb down into the dark. It was rough going. Her arms ached at holding her weight, and her hands were burning on the coarseness of the rope. As she climbed, Hermione nearly wished she'd brought a silken one, though she doubted it would have been strong enough. Finally, Hermione reached the end of the rope, with still no end in sight. With a Lumos, Hermione peered below her, only to see that there seemed to be something green at the bottom – a bottom that was very, very far down. It was as if she was supposed to just jump. Which seemed incredibly stupid, to Hermione – how was she supposed to get back up, if she jumped? Muttering angrily, Hermione began to pull herself back up the rope. After a short while, though, she realized that her arms were beginning to burn and shake. Going down the rope had been a bit easier – climbing back up it hurt. Hermione bit her lip, nearly drawing blood, as she tried to handle the pain in her arms. She couldn't just stay here – they would find her, and what would Snape say then? He wouldn't be happy with her, with her just dangling in the breeze in a forbidden area. Thinking of Snape gave Hermione an idea. Dismissing her Lumos spell, Hermione craned her body and aimed her wand at her robes with a careful swish and flick. "Wingardium Leviosa." To her immense relief, she felt the spell take hold of her robes, lifting her slightly. Biting her lip, Hermione tucked her wand into her waist, being sure to keep her mental focus on the spell, and began to climb once more. It was hard, keeping the spell going without using her wand, especially while she climbed, but Hermione could feel the spell on her body, lifting her just enough to take some of her bodyweight off of her arms, allowing her to climb back up the fifty feet to the top without her arms giving out. When she finally made it out, hauling herself over the lip and collapsing onto the stone floor, it felt even harder to get back on her feet, put away the grappling hook, and close the trapdoor. The giant dog was still sleeping, and Hermione staggered to the door with the music wand, opening and closing the entrance and relocking it before finally turning off the music wand. Unable to make it all the way to the dungeons, Hermione staggered into the nearby trophy room, leaned up against the wall in a corner, and promptly collapsed. When Hermione awoke, it was dark out, and she felt much, much better. Her arms ached, and Hermione reckoned she hadn't done that much physical activity in at least half a year. She seemed to have magically exhausted herself as well. Hermione hoped that whatever the Get Ron Weasley plan entailed, it wouldn't entail her casting any spells tonight. She could tell only a small part of her power had returned to her. Staggering slightly, Hermione made it to her feet and left the room, making her way slowly down to the dungeons. "Hermione?" Hermione turned in the stairwell, surprised. "…Ernie?" Ernie stood there, a scroll tucked under his arm. He looked worried. "Are you okay?" "Mostly?" Hermione admitted, looking herself over. "I'm magically exhausted, but I'll be alright." "Is that why you missed dinner?" Ernie asked her. "You were too tired?" "I got carried away practicing the Levitation Charm," Hermione told him, stepping around the truth. "I didn't realize I'd exhausted myself until it was a bit too late." The worry on Ernie's face smoothed out, and he gave her a small smile. "I've overdone it on studying a few times before myself," he said. "Want to stop by the kitchens with me and get something to eat?" Hermione had been planning on eating one of the army rations she'd taken out of her pack, but fresh food sounded much better. "Yes, please." Ernie led her down to the second floor, to a large picture of a bowl of fruit. Hermione watched as he tickled the pear in the painting, to see it magically morph into a door handle. Judging from Ernie's expression, she hadn't been able to hide her reaction. "That's incredible," she told him. "How did you figure that out?" Ernie colored slightly, scratching the back of his neck. "The prefects told us all," he admitted. "The Hufflepuff common room isn't far from here – it's a secret they let us all in on." They entered the kitchens, and Hermione stopped short. "Those," she said, her eyes wide. "What are… those?" There were masses of short, odd-looking creatures wearing torn (but clean) rags. They had long, floppy ears, gigantic eyes, and bony, thin limbs. Ernie turned back to look at her, confused. "The House Elves?" he asked. "They run the kitchens." Hermione's eyes widened. "Oh…" Looking at them with a new eye, Hermione bit her lip as she watched them. Ernie asked one of them for a plate of sandwiches, and the elf seemed only too happy to go and fetch them. "This is… they're happy doing this?" Hermione said carefully. "Yeah." Ernie shrugged. "They feed off the bond they have with a place or a family, and they get pleasure from working and doing a good job serving." "Are these the only elves in the wizarding world?" Hermione asked. "If these are 'House Elves', are there other elves out there?" Ernie frowned. "Come to think of it, I have no idea. There might be? Anyway, come over here." He urged her over to take a seat, where she was presented with a large plate of sandwiches and a mug of pumpkin juice. Her eyes widened. "This is great," she told the elf. "Thanks." The elf blushed in pleasure, and murmured that if she needed anything else, to just let her know, before disappearing back into the mess of elves running around. She and Ernie made light conversation while eating – Ernie mostly told her all about the Quidditch game, while Hermione made appropriate murmurings and gasps along the way, too busy eating for actual words. She came away with an understanding that Harry Potter had almost died from his broom being jinxed, but someone had counter-jinxed it in time to save his life, and in time for him to swoop down and capture the Snitch. Hermione made a mental note to interrogate Harry about that – what on earth had he done to make someone want to jinx him? After the sandwiches were gone, Ernie and Hermione thanked the elves again, who blushed in pleasure. Hermione paused at the door, before leaving. "Are you permitted to bring students things in the dormitories?" she asked. The elves nodded rapidly, looking excited. "Would you please bring a large tray of… let's say madelines, macarons, and tarts, to the Slytherin common room at 8 o'clock?" she asked, glancing at the clock, and seeing it was quarter 'til. "Is that enough time to make all that?" The elves nodded rapidly, looking thrilled by the challenge. "We will have to start right away, Missy Hermione!" one elf told her. "We will be making those right now!" "Can you get them to the round table in the corner by the lake?" she asked. "The large one, with all the seating near it?" "You is counting on us, Missy Hermione! Now shoo!" The elf ushered her out of the kitchens, closing the door firmly behind her, leaving her bewildered in the hallway, Ernie laughing. "They can be forceful, can't they?" he said, amused. "They certainly can," Hermione murmured, brushing flour off her rear from the House Elf's hands. "And here, I was worried that they were slaves…" Ernie looked uneasy. "It might look like that at first, I guess," he admitted. "But they're more of a creature than a person. They live to work. It's a symbiotic relationship with humans, I guess. We can't exactly hold them to human standards, can we?" "I suppose not." Ernie grinned at her. "Good to talk to you," he said, giving her a strong nod. "See you in class?" Hermione nodded. "See you, Ernie." Ernie strode off down the corridor, looking purposeful. Hermione watched him go, before heading back up to the trophy room, grabbing her stashed explorer's kit, slinging it over her shoulder, and heading down to the dungeons.
Hermione had to hide her explorer's kit again, this time in an empty classroom in the dungeons. She didn't want awkward questions about it when she arrived for the meeting, and she didn't have time to get to her room and put it away before the meeting was due to start. Hiding it was the best option, regardless of how reluctant Hermione felt about it. Hermione entered the common room just short of 8 o'clock. The older students were storming around, muttering and playing violent games of gobstones or chess. Hermione's eyes fixed on her year-mates, who were all sitting around the circular table by the lake. Hermione felt a thread of pleasure – with all of them sitting there already, it made it seem like they were waiting for her, even if they weren't. "So sorry if I'm late," Hermione said, sliding into the last chair as the clock started chiming 8 o'clock behind her. She clapped, looking around at the others. "Shall we get started?" The House Elves' platter of treats appeared at just that moment, to a murmur from the others. Hermione bit her lip, amused. It seemed almost like she'd made it appear when she clapped. If only she could do something like that. Greg was the first to descend upon the platter, claiming three of the tarts, before the others sat back with fancy treats in their hands as they began to discuss the plan. "Ron Weasley is foe to House Slytherin, and we are here, united in purpose, to discuss a plan to bring him down," Daphne began, looking around. Everyone seemed to be nodding. "Right. So, Draco – you have a plan?" Draco sat up straighter. "The best way to bring an enemy to ruin is to ruin their reputation in the eyes of others," he told them. "That is much harder to regain than anything so menial as money, from financial ruin, for example." "Not that the Weasleys have any money to lay ruin to anyway," Blaise muttered. Draco shot him a dark look, Daphne kicked him, and with an "ow!", Blaise shut up. "The plan is to bring him down in the eyes of the professors, so he loses a lot of points," Draco said. "The easiest way to do this, we think, is to deliberately antagonize Weasley just before a teacher arrives, so the teacher only sees his out-of-proportion reaction." "Weasley has an explosive temper," Theo agreed. "We can take advantage of this and make him look like a fool who's always about to go off." They discussed a plan on how best to do this. They concluded that Draco, Greg, and Vincent would be the ones to confront Ron, and that Blaise and Theo would run teacher interference/warnings in the hallways, to ensure the timing was always right. Part of Hermione found this perversely amusing. They were choreographing fighting in the hallway, just so the other person would get caught. It seemed so inauthentic, but Hermione was well aware that any insults thrown would be all too real in the heat of the moment. "Next," Draco said, looking down at a small piece of parchment he'd brought. "Granger – you need to attempt to renew your friendship with him." "What?" Tracey said, growing furious. "After all those things he said?" "That's exactly why she should do it," Draco said. "The professors will see Hermione being the better person, being gracious and forgiving. The professors all love her – she's at the top of every class. We'll get Weasley to snap at her again – somewhere public, with a lot of the professors around – and when Hermione is upset and starts crying and runs away, the teachers will all be furious with Ron, and he'll feel their collective wrath." "I'll need to cry in public?" Hermione asked, unsure. "We'll arrange it so only the necessary people are around," Daphne assured her. "Us, the teachers, maybe some of Ron's friends, some of your friends… we have time to figure out what would have the most impact. We want Ron to utterly disgrace himself in front of people who are predisposed to love you and hate him." "Lastly," Draco said, glancing at Pansy, who looked irritated but resigned. "Lastly, one of us will attempt to seduce Weasley, and then subsequently break his heart." "Seduce him?" Hermione said, repulsed. "You do realize he's eleven?" Theo shot her a look. "And…?" "I don't think he thinks of girls – or guys, for that matter – that way at all, yet," Hermione said diplomatically. "I don't think he's even begun to hit puberty." "He's not even starting to look for matches?" Theo asked. "Nothing at all?" "His parents were a love match," Blaise offered. "I don't think they'd have spoken to him about any of it yet – he may not have even gotten 'the talk'." "So trying to seduce him would be a wasted effort?" Pansy said, throwing her hands up. "At least right now," Hermione said, shrugging. "If we're still trying to bring him down in a few years, after he's actually hit puberty – there might be some success there then?" "Thank you," Pansy said firmly. She shot a dark look at Draco, who was determinedly not looking at her. "So we'll put that one on hold for now, then," Draco said, marking his sheet. He looked up. "As the plans stand, we will drive him to fury in the hallways, and then make him cut Hermione down in front of a crowd. Agreed?" Hermione felt uneasy, but she agreed with them nonetheless. Pleased, Draco looked to Daphne, who pronounced the meeting concluded. They started divvying up the remaining treats, and Hermione turned to Tracey. "I'm not sure the teachers really like me that much to bring wrath down on Ron," Hermione confided in her. "I hope this isn't all some plan to just have me insulted and be seen crying in public." Tracey opened her mouth to respond, but her eyes widened and her mouth snapped shut a moment later. Hermione looked behind her to see Draco, looking at her. "It's a good plan, Granger," he told her, frowning. "You agreed with it." "I did," Hermione said steadily, holding his gaze. "That doesn't mean there mightn't be a secondary motive behind it. We are all Slytherins, after all." Draco almost looked struck, torn between being hurt at her accusation and pleased she thought him sneaky enough to have multiple motives already. "She's not wrong," Tracey said, looking at Draco pointedly. "You haven't exactly been welcoming, or been nice to her at all since the beginning of the year." Draco hesitated, before turning to look at Hermione. "I would never put you in a position like this just to see you humiliated," he told her quietly. "Realize – though I may not have spoken to you before, neither did I insult you, nor did I degrade you. We all have roles to play, and…" He trailed off, looking uneasy. "…well, at least we're able to speak now." Able to speak to her? That struck Hermione as odd. It sounded almost as though Draco had wanted to talk to her, but couldn't. Maybe Draco's father told him not to talk to her because of his blood prejudice? That certainly wouldn't be out of the realm of possibility, knowing what little she did of the Malfoys. "Tears and humiliation can be a powerful weapon – pity and rage at injustice are powerful tools," Draco told her. He bit his lip. "It won't happen for a while – we need to set the stage, and you need to regain his friendship, or at least seem to. It'll all work out, Granger." Hermione gave him a small half-smile. "I know," she admitted. "But that doesn't mean I won't get my feelings hurt in the process." "If he makes you cry genuine tears, I will make him rue the day he was born and bring ruin to his family," Draco said, his voice dark. "Why, Draco," Hermione said, with an odd sort of half-laugh escaping her mouth. "You almost make it sound as though you care." Draco jerked awkwardly at that, moving towards her but stopping short. He looked like he wanted to do something – or say something, at least – but he held himself back. "The plan will start in the morning," he told her, snagging a few tarts and nodding to her as he left. He shot her a smirk. "You might enjoy it – watching Weasley lose loads and loads of points will be fun." Hermione smiled to herself and shook her head in amusement, before abruptly realizing Tracey had left at some point in the conversation. Shrugging to herself, she left the common room, hurrying to grab her explorer's kit and get to her dormitory before curfew.
The next morning, Hermione awoke to find herself cornered by her dormmates very, very early. "So, Hermione, we were thinking…" said Daphne, twirling a bit of her hair. "…as your fellow Slytherins and co-conspirators…" Millie added. "…that you should really…" Tracey said, nodding. "…tell us what the blazes you've been doing to make yourself look so good!" Pansy finished, eyes sharp. The other three shot her a dark look, while Pansy looked defiant. "Please, Hermione?" Tracey pleaded. "I know there's a secret to what you've been doing, and we're all getting along so well now…" "We would all very much appreciate it," Daphne said. "I know I, for one, would like to be able to show up my cousins at Christmas this year." Hermione looked at them, feeling a sly ribbon of pleasure curl inside her. They'd taken the bait. "…All right," Hermione said, being sure to hesitate. She bit her lip. "But it has to remain a secret, okay? I don't want it getting out – the last thing we need is everybody stealing our advantage, okay?" The other girls nodded their heads rapidly, eyes wide. Hermione bit back a grin. "Okay. Let's sit in the middle." Tracey went to block the door with Pansy's nightstand as Millie and Daphne dragged a round table from the far side of the bedroom into the middle with its chairs. Hermione fished through her trunk for her makeup kit. Hermione took her time; she wasn't dim enough to think now that they were all united against Ron together, they were all going to be the best of friends. She knew Pansy still loathed her if nothing else… but it suited her purposes, to let them all think she'd accepted them as her friends, so she would be willing to tell them her secret. Finally finding her kit, she turned back to them, closing her trunk. The five of them settled around the table, all of them looking to Hermione, who put her kit on the table. "This," she told them gravely, "is a makeup kit." She could see them tasting the word in their own mouths. "It's called that because it 'makes up' for any imperfections you have," she said, opening the kit. "There are small potions and powders in here that help enhance your looks, and some others to change how you look entirely. It depends how you use them – it's almost an art." Daphne was looking at a compact, jerking slightly in surprise to find herself in a mirror inside of it. Pansy was eyeing a glittery eyeshadow with avarice. "The trick with makeup is it has to match your own coloring," Hermione told them. "Like with robes?" Tracey asked. "Exactly," Hermione said, nodding. "We all have different skin colors, eye colors, and hair colors. You have to pick the right colors to flatter you, otherwise the makeup will make you look weird." "How does all this work?" Daphne asked, touching a mascara brush with distrust. She glanced up at Hermione. "Can you show us?" Shrugging, Hermione nodded. "Why not?" It was an odd experience, Hermione noted, to put on makeup and carefully explain what each step was and what it did. The girls (Pansy especially) were excited by the concealer that Hermione put on a couple spots she had to make them disappear. The foundation powder evoked a murmur of awe, and the eyeshadows and mascara an odd fascination. "Have you ever stuck the brush in your eye?" Tracey asked. Hermione laughed. "Maybe once? You just need to be very careful." Afterward, she showed them her curling iron. Palming the end of the retractable cord, Hermione heated it up with a charm, and curled her hair as best she could. It was a challenge, as she hadn't slept in wet braids to prepare her hair for it this time. She managed somewhat more defined waves, and the frizziness was down, which Hermione counted as at least a partial win. She glanced in the mirror and sighed, before gesturing to Daphne. "Come here," Hermione said, shifting her own chair over. "I'll show you. Your hair's straight – it'll work better on yours." Daphne's eyes were wide, but she obligingly moved her chair over and sat next to Hermione, sitting very, very still. "You can choose how big or small you want the curls to be, and how tight or loose, also," Hermione told them, winding Daphne's hair into the iron and hitting it with another heating charm. "I'll do Daphne's differently than mine – the best I can usually manage is loose waves or curls, but Daphne's hair will take to the curling iron much better. Watch." There was a murmur as a large, fat corkscrew curl emerged from the iron. Hermione pinned it up quickly to cool and started on the next. By the end, Daphne had a head of large, fat ringlets. Hermione let the cooled curls down and sprayed them lightly with hairspray to help them keep, before offering Daphne the mirror. Taking a deep breath, Daphne steeled herself and looked into the mirror, only to gasp. "Is that… me?" she said, tilting her head from side to side. "It's so pretty!" Daphne turned to Hermione, her eyes alight with amazement and gratitude, and Hermione smiled. "Did you really think I'd try and mess up your hair?" she teased. Daphne flushed but continued to primp in the mirror, pleased. Hermione looked out at the table. The other girls looked at Daphne with happiness, and some envy. Pansy's envy was palpable – Pansy's own hair was notoriously limp. "So, Hermione," Millie said, picking up a compact. "How did you get all of this? How can we get all this, too?" "Yes," Pansy said quickly. "You said that everyone's coloring is different – how can we get this secret makeup too, but in our own colors?" Hermione looked at them all seriously. This was the test – convincing them that it was rare and top secret. Hermione gave them all an evaluating look before going back under her bed and bringing out a glossy catalog that she'd carefully edited. "I have a contact who knows someone who knows who to get it from secretly in America," she told them. "If you want, I can let them know to get some for you, too, but it's not cheap – nothing this good ever is." She'd picked America because the MACUSA was well-known for having dangerously lax standards with potion and product testing, and she'd needed somewhere that spoke English to claim as a point of origin, unless she wanted to peel off every single label. Luckily, none of the girls seemed to think twice on her claim. "What is this?" Pansy demanded, flipping through the catalog. "The pictures don't move!" "That's because each photo is of a specific thing and the models do their best not to move," Hermione snapped back. "If you're trying to just see how someone's eyeshadow looks up close, it's not going to help you if they're moving and blinking all over the place, is it?" "…I guess not." Pansy settled back into her chair, cowed. "I've marked the prices in this one by hand," Hermione said. "You'll notice that they call different colors or different shades by code. You write down the codes you want and your own order code, and you send the money secretly another way. That way, if the codes get intercepted, no one knows what they're for or what they mean." The other girls nodded, murmuring over the secrecy measures. There was a bit of jostling as all of them poured over the catalog. "This is expensive," Tracey murmured, looking. "But look at how beautiful she looks!" Daphne said, pointing to a mascara model. "She's so pretty!" "Mascara, the eyelash stuff, is generally always black," Hermione said. "I have an extra one, that you all could share, if you want." Daphne and Pansy whipped around to look at her. "Really?" Daphne asked, eyes wide. Hermione shrugged. "Sure," she said. "I'll either buy another one with your things, or one of you can replace mine for me." "I'll cover it," Daphne said quickly. "Then it's just a matter of none of you having pink eye, and you'll be fine," Hermione said, digging the extra out of her kit. "It'll be good for you to get practice with it – starting out, it's hard to not make the potion clump, which always looks bad." Daphne quickly claimed the mascara from Hermione, holding it tightly. The other girls poured over the catalog, murmuring quietly. Hermione glanced at the clock – it was nearly time for breakfast. "Let's do this," Hermione suggested. "I'll leave this with you. Don't let anyone see it. But you can pass it around, and later tonight, we'll write all the codes down on parchment that you want and make a pool of galleons to send. Depending how quickly we can send this off, we can try and get your makeup a few weeks before Christmas." The other girls murmured their agreement, and Pansy quickly stashed the catalog as they all started getting ready for the day. Hermione helped Daphne with the mascara wand for the first time in the mirror, teaching her how to open her eyes and look up. After a couple misses, Daphne's eyes were coated in black, and Hermione wiped off the smudges next to her eyes with a damp cloth. "There," she said, smiling. "Look how much longer your eyelashes look." Daphne stared at herself in the mirror, fluttering her eyelashes, and then looking back at herself in astonishment over and over again. Hermione smirked and went to get ready.
Breakfast was amusing. Hermione still got the appreciative looks she usually garnered whenever she put makeup on, but her classmates' reaction to Daphne's gorgeous corkscrew curls was much more dramatic. "Merlin, Greengrass!" One of the older girls, Flora Carrow, came over, looking on in envy. "What'd you do to your hair?" "Do you like it?" Daphne said, turning her head back and forth to watch the curls bounce. "It's stunning," Hestia Carrow, twin to Flora, admitted. "How'd you do it? I can never get my hair to look that perfect, even if I sleep in rags." "Oh, Hermione and I were just playing around this morning," Daphne said dismissively. She smiled at Hermione, who shared her secret smile. "I thought it came out rather well." The Carrow sisters slowly returned to their place with the other third years, looking on jealously, and Daphne smirked further. Pansy was looking on in pride and slight envy, and Tracey just looked amused. The boys from their own year looked suspicious. "What're you playing at?" Theo asked Daphne. "What'd you do with your hair?" "Curled it," Daphne said promptly. "Don't give me that," Theo retorted. "I've seen you and Pansy with your hair curled before. It's never looked like that." "Hermione taught us a new way," Daphne shot back, with a winning smile. "She knows a way that uses magic. It looks quite different, yes?" Daphne bounced her curls again, and Hermione fought the urge to laugh. "…yes," Theo admitted, begrudgingly. "…you look nice, Daphne." Daphne beamed, before eating her porridge in the smuggest manner imaginable for one to eat porridge. Hermione bit back her laughter before finishing a piece of toast and standing. "You're done already?" Tracey asked. "No, but I've other plans," Hermione said, gesturing across the hall. "Public reconciliation, right?" The others looked at her with grave faces, nodding at her with respect. "Good luck, Granger," Draco told her formally, and Hermione nodded back, straightening her shoulders and heading over. Harry, Neville, and Ron had been at breakfast maybe five minutes so far – Hermione had been watching. So far, they'd seemed to have woken up a bit, but not yet gotten too far into their breakfast. Hermione headed over, slowing her pace to seem tentative as she approached. Instead, it ensured that everyone had plenty of time to notice her walking over, making sure all the first-years' eyes were on her, and a fair few from the Head table. Ron was the last to notice, as he slurped down an orange. Harry elbowed him sharply, nodding towards Hermione, and Ron's eyes widened as she approached. Hermione climbed onto the bench next to Neville, across from Harry and Ron, nodding demurely, before looking at Ron, her eyes wide. "Hi Ron." Her voice was a whisper. Ron nodded heavily, still staring at her. "I thought… I was hoping…" Her voice was tentative, faltering, and she looked down, pausing to take a deep breath, before looking back up. "I was hoping we could be friends again," she finished. Ron looked surprised and stunned. "I'm sorry for messing with your potion in Potions class," Hermione hurried on, earnestly. "I didn't mean to make you angry. I'd thought I would be able to help you, and I didn't mean to be so bossy or mean about it, and I'm so sorry I did. Please, Ron – I won't do it again." She bit her lip, plaintive. "Please. Can't we be friends again?" Ron was still staring at her, stunned. Harry elbowed him sharply, giving him an angry look, and hastily, Ron nodded. "Yeah," he said finally, still nodding. "Yeah, we're good, Hermione. And – I'm sorry for hurting your feelings when I said all those things about you." He wasn't sorry for saying them, Hermione noted to herself, just for her getting her feelings hurt over them. Tucking away that piece of knowledge, Hermione gave Ron a brilliant smile, settled down onto the bench next to Neville, and helped herself to a half a grapefruit. "Anyone know what was up with Harry's broomstick yesterday?" she asked them. "Who'd want to kill you, Harry? You've only been at school a few months." Immediately, conversation turned to the boys' various conspiracy theories about who wanted to bring Harry down. Hermione noticed that most of the boys' theories involved either Snape or Malfoy, and Hermione ended up playing the devil's advocate, knocking each one down. "If Professor Snape wanted you dead, Harry, you'd be dead," she told him honestly. "He's powerful and scary. He'd slip you a poison in class or at dinner, and you'd go to bed feeling fine, and just never wake up. Or he'd give you something that would mimic the effects of an actual disease, and when you died from it, everyone would presume you'd just had an awful case of Dragon Pox. The last thing he'd do would be something so obvious as jinx your broom in public in front of the entire school." The boys reluctantly agreed to this. Snape was scary, no matter what, and they were able to recognize that anyone Snape wanted dead would, in fact, end up dead. "Malfoy might hate you, but he's not exactly strong enough to jinx your broom, either," Hermione said. "He only knows as much magic as you. We haven't learned anything as strong as a jinx to do anything like what we saw." Their grudging agreement soon turned into crazed theories about Death Eaters infiltrating the school as students to bring down Harry, and Hermione couldn't bring herself to stop them – it was too funny, too interesting to hear them go off on wild tangents like this. It was after Ron suggested that five of them could have burrowed into the school grounds through abandoned gnome tunnels that Hermione had an idea. "You know who we could check with, who might be able to help us out?" Hermione said, brightly. The other three looked at her in confusion, shaking their heads. "Hagrid," she suggested. "The groundskeeper." Hagrid was a massive man that Hermione suspected was not entirely human. He'd also been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, was older than he looked, and, Hermione suspected, not all there. He was, however, friends with Harry, and Ron and Neville through Harry, so the three of them going down to visit Hagrid wasn't unusual for them at all. Hermione felt quite pleased with herself for finagling an invite as well as they all headed down. Hagrid was pleased to see them, and even happier to see that the boys had brought her along. "You brought a girl!" he exclaimed, looking on them proudly. "'ermione, is it?" They were all shuffled inside and given tea and biscuits. Harry's wide eyes and slightly-shaking head warned Hermione against trying the latter, and Hermione managed a smile as she sipped at the weak tea. Ron launched into a tale of what had happened to Harry and their theories, and Hermione entertained herself by looking around Hagrid's cabin and out the window. Hagrid had a large garden of sorts outside his house, and animal pens as well, though Hermione couldn't quite see all of them from her seat. The Forbidden Forest was eerily close to his hut, and Hermione wondered how often he ever ventured in. "Ron, no one can burrow into Hogwarts!" Hagrid was laughing heartily now, slapping his knee. "You can't get past the wards on the grounds!" Ron's face was red and he looked very annoyed, while Neville looked relieved. Harry looked thoughtful. "That means it was someone on the grounds, then," Harry remarked, looking at the ceiling. "But who…?" "I reckon you won't have to worry about it anymore, Harry," Hagrid said, ruffling his hair. "Professor Dumbledore will have heard about the jinxing, and he'll come to the next game. That'll make sure that nothing fishy goes on." They made small talk about classes for a little longer, which was mostly Ron whining about Potions and Neville gushing about Herbology. Hermione let them go on a little, before giving Harry a pointed look. "It's been great to see you, Hagrid," Harry said, standing and giving the man a hug. "We'd better get back up to the castle, though. We've all got that Potions essay to finish, still." Hagrid smiled at Harry, and hugged each of them in turn, including Hermione. Hermione was surprised to be hugged, but slowly hugged him back. It was nice to be hugged – there wasn't much physical affection to be had in the Slytherin dungeons. As they left, filing up towards Hogwarts, Hermione made sure she was last and lagged behind. "It just occurred to me," Hermione lied, looking up at Hagrid, "that you might have some rope. I need some for an extra credit project. Do you have any extra rope lying around here?" Hagrid grinned at her. "'Course I do, 'Mione. How much you need?" He walked around the back of his hut, Hermione carefully following. "How much do you have?" she asked. "I'm not really sure how much I'll need." "Here." Abruptly, there was a massive coil of rope in her arms, and Hermione staggered under the weight. "Oh! Sorry, there." A moment later, there was a whizzing noise, and the rope retracted into itself, until all that was left was an embroidered sleeve the length of her arm. "Retractable rope, that is," Hagrid said, nodding. "It's meant as a lead for a magical creature. Strongest rope there is. I'm not sure how much rope goes into it, but it's a whole lot." Hermione stared. A lead? A rope this thick? "I can borrow this?" Hermione said, clutching the magic rope sleeve. "Are you sure? I might need it for a few months, Hagrid…" "Nah, it's fine," Hagrid said, waving her off. "Not using it anymore, am I? Only need the one for Fang, here." He nudged the lazy dog at his foot, who raised his head, looked at Hagrid with wide, soulful eyes, before putting his head back down on his paws. Hagrid sighed. "Lazy git…" Hermione looked at the thickness of the rope in her hand, thoughtful, before looking back up at Hagrid. "You had another dog, Hagrid?" Hagrid's face brightened. "Yeah," he said. "Called 'im Fluffy. Great dog – good dog – 'e was as loyal as they come. 'E preferred the forest, really, but 'e was great at playing fetch and helpin' scare anythin' off in the forest when I had to go inside… I'd play him a bit o' music to help him go to sleep at night, and he was just the sweetest thing…" Hermione's suspicions grew. "I'm so sorry you don't have him anymore, Hagrid," she told him, looking up at him with sad eyes. "Did something happen to him?" Hagrid shook his head. "Nah. I let a friend borrow him for a while… needed him, to protect summat. Fluffy's a great protector." "Protect something?" Hermione said, keeping her voice carefully innocent. "Would just Fluffy be enough?" "Nah, 'e got all the others to help protect it too, e'eryone in the castle helped out…" Hagrid stopped short, seeming to realize what he was saying, and gave Hermione a suspicious look, but Hermione smiled at him innocently, as if she hadn't realized he'd said anything. "That's good, then, right, Hagrid?" she said. "Then you'll get to get Fluffy back once your friend doesn't need whatever the thing is to be protected anymore." Hagrid brightened at that. "Yeah," he said. "Should only take a year… that'll be good, then… I miss him…" Hagrid suddenly looked like he might cry, missing his dog, and Hermione took the chance to thank him again for the rope and escape, hurrying up the hill to the castle. "Hagrid is only person on earth," she muttered to herself, clutching her magic rope, "the only person, who would ever name a three-headed dog Fluffy."
Draco had been right – it was fun to watch Ron lose his temper over the Slytherins' antics in the corridors. It seemed almost as if the Slytherin boys had timed it and practiced. Draco started with jeering at Ron in front of the Potions classroom immediately before Potions class, about two minutes before the door would open. Hermione could see Theo counting down the time on a small watch, and Theo would give Draco a nod about 15 seconds before it would strike three o'clock exactly. Draco would finish his insult and sneer at Ron, who would immediately start yelling back and try to lunge at Draco, only to have Harry and Neville hold him back. Inevitably, this would be the time Snape would throw open the door to the classroom, only to see Ron lunging at the Slytherins and yelling foul things. Delightedly, Snape would deduct points from Gryffindor for Ron's behavior, frequently from Harry and Neville as well, and threaten detention if Ron continued his caterwauling. After several days, they got him outside of Transfiguration. Theo had hung back to talk to Professor McGonagall after class, and the Slytherins had lingered around in the hall as classes dismissed. It happened that the Gryffindor first years got out of Charms at the same time, and when they'd 'run' into Ron complaining that he'd never get the hang of the Levitation Charm, Draco had been only too pleased to point out to Ron that he'd probably been born a Squib, if he couldn't master such easy magic, and it might save his family a lot of money if he'd just admit his disgrace and go home. Ron sputtered something indignantly about Draco's family, and Draco sweetly retorted with something about Ron's family living in a shack, his father being a Muggle-loving freak, and when Draco saw Theo appear, ended with implying that Ron's mother was a gnome. The ensuing fight was as brutal as it was brief. With a yell, Ron had hurled himself onto Draco and began pummeling his face. Draco was screaming as Ron was yelling, beating his head into the stone ground, and Hermione's eyes were wide with horror. "Mister Weasley!" Professor McGonagall appeared around the corner, her eyes wide and her lips tight, and she roughly pulled Ron off Draco, who was covered in blood and whimpering. "He started it!" Ron was quick to accuse. Harry and Neville were quick to back him up, only to silence when McGonagall cut them down with a curt look. "Regardless of what childish insults were exchanged," she said tightly, "you, Mister Weasley, are in perfect health, while Mister Malfoy lies on the floor, his nose broken, bleeding heavily." Greg and Vincent were helping Draco to his feet. Draco was stumbling, his eyes unfocused, and he seemed dizzy. Hermione was horrified and felt sick with worry. Surely this wasn't in the plan? "Mister Goyle, Mister Crabbe, please help Mister Malfoy to the hospital wing," Professor McGonagall dismissed them. "Mister Weasley – 20 points from Gryffindor, and detention with me the rest of the week. The rest of you – get up to lunch." The corridor became a scramble of activity as Ron wailed his objections to McGonagall, who remained firm. Hermione hurried after Malfoy, quickly catching up and helping him get to the Hospital Wing unscathed – Vincent and Greg weren't the best at working together navigating him around corners. They nearly dropped Draco a few times. When they entered the Hospital Wing, blood covering Draco's front, Madam Pomfrey shrieked and hurried them over to a bed. "What happened?" she demanded, peering into Draco's face, casting a light from her wand to look into his eyes. "Yes, Miss Granger," a drawling voice came from behind her. "What happened?" Hermione whirled around to see Professor Snape, standing in the shadows of the Hospital Wing. There was a box of potions nearby, and one of the cupboard doors was open. As she watched, he closed the cupboard and moved towards them, leaving the box behind. His eyes were glittering. "Ron Weasley went ballistic on Draco after Transfiguration," she said steadily. "Ron was whining in the hallway about not being able to do the Levitation Charm yet, and Draco made a suggestion about why that might be. Ron seemed to take it personally and started insulting Draco's family, and when Draco defended them and shot back about Ron's own family, Ron jumped on Draco and started pummeling his face." Madam Pomfrey's eyes went wide, while Snape's gleamed. "And Mister Weasley had the self-restraint to stop, once he realized he'd broken Mister Malfoy's nose?" "No – Professor McGonagall came around the corner moments later, and had to drag him off Draco," Hermione told them. "She took 20 points and gave him detention for the rest of the week." "Detention for two days?" Snape stood, his robes draping down over his legs once again. He sneered. "An appropriate punishment for assaulting a classmate? I shall have to speak to her. I would see him expelled, for such brutality, or at least write the parents of those involved…" Hermione shivered. To tell Draco's father about what had happened could very well end up in Ron being dead. From what she understood of Draco's family, Lucius Malfoy did not take threats to his family lightly. "Ah, and Miss Granger?" Hermione looked back up at Snape, who was in the doorway. "Yes, sir?" His eyes glittered. "Twenty points to Slytherin for helping your classmate in a time of need, keeping your head cool in a crisis, and an eidetic memory at recounting events," he told her. "Ten to each of you, Crabbe, Goyle, for helping Mister Malfoy to the Hospital Wing." Greg and Vincent looked surprised. Hermione wondered if they'd ever earned points before. Madam Pomfrey tutted as Snape left, and Hermione hurried back over to Draco's bed. "Shoo, you," she said, gesturing to them. "You got him here – go get your lunch, now. I'll handle this." Greg and Vincent left easily enough at the mention of food, but Hermione lingered. "I'd really like to watch, if that's okay," Hermione told the nurse. "I'm curious about healing charms and spells, and I'm curious to see how you'll treat the concussion." Madam Pomfrey glanced over at her, a small mote of respect in her eye. "How do you know he's concussed?" "It's a guess," Hermione admitted, "but his eyes are unfocused, he seems dizzy, and his head was slammed repeatedly into a stone floor. It seems logical." Madam Pomfrey eyed her a moment later, before shrugging. "This, girl, is how you first stop the bleeding…" Hermione watched on as Madam Pomfrey explained how to stop bleeding, how detect internal hemorrhaging and stop that, and how to reset a broken nose. She explained the diagnostic spell she cast and what some of the parts of it meant, and when she'd finished with Draco, Hermione could see that several red parts were now a cautious green. She gave him a couple potions (one to put him to sleep to help him recover, and one to replace the blood he'd lost), before sitting back. "I'll keep him here overnight as a precaution," she told Hermione. "The concussion's been treated, but better safe than sorry." "You're going to wake him up in the middle of the night and ask him questions?" Hermione asked. Madam Pomfrey's lips twitched. "I'll run a diagnostic on him during the night and give him another blood replenishing potion. I doubt I'll need to do a check like that." Hermione glanced over at Draco. He looked awfully pale and uneasy, even in his sleep. "I'd like to stay here a while," Hermione told the nurse. "Just until he wakes up." "You'll miss lunch," the nurse warned her. "You might miss your next class, too." "It's just Defense," Hermione dismissed. "I'll stay here." "Suit yourself," the nurse shrugged, but ten minutes later, she came out of her office with a sandwich and glass of juice for Hermione, and she and Hermione exchanged a smile. When Draco woke up, he did so slowly, with a cautious fluttering of eyelids and a groggy countenance. Hermione was sitting next to him, munching on something and reading a book on healing charms. When she noticed him looking at her, she offered him a small smile. "It's about seven o'clock," she told him. "You missed Defense. Dinner's still going on, but they brought something for you in case you woke up." She nodded toward a tray on the nightstand. Draco kept looking at her, and Hermione bit her lip, fighting the urge to squirm under his gaze. "Granger," he said finally. His voice sounded deeper, rougher, scratchy from his sleep. "Why are you here?" Hermione frowned. "Ron pummeled you and broke your nose," she told him. "Do you remember?" "I know Weasley hit me," Draco said. "But why are you here?" "You were hurt," Hermione told him, slightly incredulous. "I wasn't just going to leave you." Draco stared at her as if she was an alien. "Why not?" Hermione bit her lip. "No one should have to wake up in a hospital alone," she said finally. "At least, not the first time, when you don't know what's going on at all." "So you stayed?" Draco raised an eyebrow. Hermione shrugged. "So I stayed." Slowly, Draco cracked a small smile. "Better your face than Crabbe's ugly mug," he said, shifting to take his dinner tray. "Can you imagine the shock of waking up to that?" Hermione laughed, and then he asked her about Transfiguration that day, and abruptly, they were talking. Hermione couldn't believe he was talking to her at all, let alone in a friendly fashion. But it was nice to be able to actually converse with him – Draco was smart, and he was fun to talk with. They had a happy argument over who had done a better job that day of turning a pinecone into a peach (it wasn't really a contest – Draco's had still had the texture of pinecone scales), before he asked her about the book in her lap. "Healing charms? Those are fairly advanced," he commented. "Why're you reading about those?" "They're not that hard. Some of them are pretty simple, at least," Hermione said. "And I figured – well, if you're going to keep picking fights with Weasley, we might need a healer in Slytherin sooner rather than later." Draco stared at her, and Hermione squirmed. "They're not that hard, really," she said. "Watch." She took a scalpel from the nightstand that she'd snitched from Madam Pomfrey's workstation earlier and drew it across her forearm, blood immediately welling up. Draco made a choking noise and an aborted gesture, as if he'd been going to stop her but she'd been too quick. Hermione looked up at him quizzically. He was watching her now – a bit green, but he was watching. Hermione pointed her wand at the wound, hovering just above the cut. "Episkey," she murmured, and the cut neatly began to stitch itself back together, the skin repairing itself flawlessly under her wand. Draco's eyes widened. Hermione grinned. "See?" she told him. "This one can even set broken noses, and Tergeo will get spilled blood off things, so as long as you don't get concussed again, we'll be able to escape more unnoticed, if need be." Draco watched her for a long moment more. "I see." The conversation turned back to classes, with both of them complaining about History of Magic, then about Quirrell in turn. Madam Pomfrey appeared after they'd finished dinner to shoo Hermione back to her common room before curfew, and Hermione left rolling her eyes but with a grin, giving Draco a wave as she was chased out. She was pleased to see him smirking but giving her a wave back, and she was smiling to herself as she went back down the stairs. She kept reading the book she'd borrowed from Madam Pomfrey the rest of the night, before retiring to bed a bit early, drawing the curtains around her. Hermione bit her lip, considering. She'd been levitating her nightstand for a while, now, to drain her magic, and it was getting to be obnoxious, clearing it off every night so nothing would fall off as she lifted it up. With a considering look, Hermione folded her legs on her bed and aimed at herself with a careful swish and flick. "Wingardium Leviosa." The spell most spectacularly did not work, as Hermione lifted into the air for a moment before toppling over and off of her bed as it failed. Grimacing, Hermione pulled herself back onto her bed and considered carefully. She'd managed to cast this on herself once before, but only enough to help get her out of the cave she was in. She hadn't actually managed to levitate with it. Now that she thought about it, Quidditch Through the Ages had said that wizards still hadn't managed to do unaided flight. She wondered how Snape had managed it, then – it was probably a secret. He had asked her not to tell. Considering carefully, Hermione took aim once again, but this time, carefully taking aim at her pajama bottoms, and only thinking of her pajama bottoms in her mind. "Wingardium Leviosa." She managed it, but only just – she nearly toppled over herself, and her near-topple sent her wand moving widely, sending her further off balance. By tensing her entire torso and hunching over, Hermione managed to stay upright and keep the spell going for ten seconds or so, before she collapsed onto her bed, breathing hard. "Not that, then," she muttered to herself, flipping over onto her stomach. She took aim at her trunk, flicked her wand and muttered, and levitated it for a few minutes until she couldn't any further, and it dropped, thudding to the floor. Hermione went to bed feeling almost as if she'd torn an internal muscle. Trying to levitate herself had felt somehow wrong. She made a mental note to ask Snape how he'd done it – if she could learn, she wouldn't need the rope to get back up the next time she took a crack at the third-floor corridor.
Hermione took her next try at the trapdoor during the next Quidditch match. It was Ravenclaw versus Hufflepuff, and the entire school had poured out into the stadium to watch. Hermione had lingered behind in the Astronomy tower, watching them leave. Carefully making sure the coast was clear, Hermione activated her music wand once again, cast a quiet Alohomora, and crept into the forbidden corridor. Once again, the giant dog seemed to immediately grow sleepy while listening to the music, its six ears drooping as it fell against a wall and slid down into an enormous puddle of snoring Cerberus. Hermione had to shove one of the back legs off the trapdoor to open it this time, revealing once more the deep blackness that it contained. Carefully affixing the enchanted leash she'd gotten from Hagrid to her grappling hook, Hermione very carefully prepared herself, tying it to a normal rope harness she'd rigged up around her middle. Unable to prolong it much longer, Hermione cast Lumos, and let herself fall. The leash seemed to limit how fast the rope came out, for which Hermione was infinitely grateful, though she was still being careful, her hands skimming the rope and ready to halt it as soon as need be. The rope lowered her down and down and down and down, far past where Hermione had managed to reach before. Finally, something came into view, and Hermione quickly stopped the leash from extending any further, before slowly lowering herself down little by little to examine what she saw. It was a plant. The floor seemed to be made of some kind of plant. Hermione craned her neck further, before realizing she recognized it: it was Devil's Snare. There was some in the greenhouses, and they'd worked near it in Herbology class. Though it had an ominous name and would readily choke the life out of someone, she remembered that it was easily defeated by fire – something even a first year could create. Now, more than ever, Hermione became sure that this was some sort of magical test. She hesitated, looking up at her rope, and then looking down at the plant, before aiming her wand down. "Incendio." Fire leapt from her wand to the plants, which immediately curled away from the fire. Those caught in the flames writhed and withered into burnt husks, and Hermione carefully created a patch of burnt plants large enough for her to drop through. There had to be another way out, Hermione hoped. If there was this plant floor, there had to be another door. A rope dropped through Devil's Snare would be destroyed, after the plants rebuilt themselves to fill in the damage done. Biting her lip and clenching her eyes shut, Hermione let go of the rope. There was only a moment of burnt plants hitting her face before she landed on a stone floor, and she toppled over, caught off-balance. When she stood, the Devil's snare was about 8 feet above her, spread across the area in a green canopy. Hermione looked around. She seemed to be deep beneath the school now, in unused classrooms or dungeons from long, long ago. She was relieved to see two doors – one that was quiet and unassuming, and looked for the life of her like any other classroom door she might find, and one that glowed with a golden light, that had the sound of wings behind it. Hermione headed towards the light and opened the door. Dozens and dozens of tiny jeweled birds flew around lazily, with multicolored wings. It took Hermione a long moment to realize that they weren't birds – they were keys. And all of them were floating around on charmed wings. She noticed a few brooms leaning up against a far wall, and Hermione's heart sank. Though she was certain it wouldn't work, Hermione tried the door on the other side of the room anyway. It was locked, and Alohomora did nothing to help. Hermione examined the situation more carefully. The door was sturdy, with an old-fashioned silver handle on it and a hole for a key beneath the handle. There were nearly a hundred keys flying around, and she was clearly meant to catch one and use it to open the lock. But Hermione was well aware of her flying ability – without having a butterfly net to trap and catch all of the keys and try them one by one, there was no way she'd be able to catch keys with her bare hands. Taking a deep breath to focus, Hermione considered her options. First: she could try to catch the keys. She almost immediately dismissed this idea as silly – she'd never manage anything skillful on a broom. Second: she could ignore the keys and try to destroy the door. It was wooden, and it might respond to Incendio. Hermione dismissed this idea too – if the lock was spelled to resist Alohomora, it was likely that the entire door was spelled to resist magic. Third: she could try to catch the keys in an unorthodox way – summoning them, perhaps. If she could summon them to her, it'd be much easier, and she could shove the wrong ones into her bag until she found the right one, and then let them loose. Hermione gnawed her lip uneasily. Though she'd read about the summoning charm, she hadn't yet managed it. It was a much higher-level spell than she knew how to cast right now, and to be honest, she didn't think her magical core was big enough to succeed at it yet. This was clearly the charms test, Hermione thought. The summoning charm was a charm, so that might be the answer the tester was looking for. That seemed unfair, though, when everything else was something even a first year could manage. But maybe that was the reason for the brooms – everyone received flying lessons as a first year, after all. Looking at the door, a fourth idea slowly formed in her mind. Fourth: she could try to pick the lock on the door. The more she thought about it, the more it seemed to have merit. Hermione turned the logic over in her mind, examining the idea. 1. The door and lock were enchanted to resist spells. 2. Because the door was enchanted to resist spells, the key would need to physically open the door. Meaning, the key wouldn't just be a magical trigger – the act of turning the key would open the door. 3. If the door's lock needed to be physically opened, a lock pick would work just as well, as it would physically unlock the door. The only thing was the door might be protected against lock picks somehow, with some kind of shield spell or ward. Hermione bit her lip. She doubted that would be the case – lock picks were such a Muggle thing, after all, and any such spell would probably prevented a key from working too. But it was still possible. Well… it was worth a try? Digging in her explorer's kit, Hermione withdrew the set of lock picks her father had sent her. The kit came with five different little tools, and a small paper describing what each one did. The back of the paper had incredibly poor drawings of how to pick a lock, and Hermione found herself disregarding it and relying on what she'd read in a crime novel once as a child – pushing the wrench slightly to the side to put tension on the lock, and carefully using the little squiggly bit to feel for and push the pins up one by one. It was frustrating, as she was guessing what she was doing. The door and the lock were old, and the pins were big and heavy. But when Hermione felt the first pin click, there was a rush of success, and the next pin came faster, and then the next, and then the next. By the time the final pin clicked into place, Hermione was grinning proudly. She'd managed to use Muggle technology to get around a magical puzzle, and she was feeling quite smug, if she did say so herself. The doorknob yielded as she tried it once more, and she strolled through to see what was next. Her eyes widened at the giant chessboard, and her face fell. Hermione hated chess. Chess was something that super-villains played dramatically in movies, or what heroes and generals used as a painfully obvious visual metaphor. In the real world, chess was a frustrating game that Hermione despised. At a young age, Hermione had wanted to be good at chess. It was a skill that seemed to be a prerequisite to being a smart person – all intelligent people enjoyed playing chess and playing it well. Hermione's parents had taught her the rules, and she'd been entered in a Youth Chess League, where once a week, children would play chess against one another for points. It was the one thing she'd failed at – badly. She had lost nearly every game. Humiliated, Hermione had read the strategy books. She learned different moves, different ways of getting checkmate, different tricks and traps. She even went to a chess training camp for a week one summer, trying to learn, trying to get better. It was to no avail. The week she lost to a boy three years her junior, she had quit chess, and she never looked back. Hermione's mind just didn't work for chess. She could see strategies and ideas, but she would focus on one, and then scramble to regroup when her opponent ruined that one. She wasn't able to hold onto many different possibilities at once while still holding onto strict rules. Hermione did best when carrying out a set plan, and then thinking on the fly and thinking out of the box when any disruptions occurred. You couldn't do that in chess – there were very firm rules about what could and could not be done – and as a result, Hermione was a very poor player indeed. Hermione walked around the chessboard grimly. The enormous white pieces moved to block her path as she tried to get past them, and it became clear that she was expected to become one of the black pieces and play. Was she supposed to play and win? Or just play her way across the board? Hermione was moderately sure she could manage the latter, but if it were the former? She was in trouble. With a scowl, Hermione cast a last glance back, memorizing the layout of the room, before slamming the door behind her, storming back through the key room, slamming that door, and investigating the dark, unassuming door on the other side of the Devil's Snare area. It was unlocked. Still frustrated, Hermione pulled it open and stepped through. The world seemed to tilt on an axis, and Hermione screamed as she fell through what felt like dimensions of spinning doors, before she landed with a splat right outside the forbidden corridor, as if the ceiling itself had spit her out. With a groan, she stood, rubbed her back, and reluctantly went back into the forbidden corridor to gather up her things. She couldn't just leave her music wand or leash there for anyone else to find. Besides, she'd need them again once she figured out how to get past the stupid chess death trap – and she would figure out a way, she swore. One way or another, she'd make it past that board.
Author's Note: This chapter addresses the sexuality of preteens. There is nothing explicit, and it is handled in a realistic manner. If this content disturbs you, consider skipping this chapter. Despite her slowly-growing camaraderie with the rest of the Slytherins, Hermione continued to study with Harry, Neville, and Ron in the library. More frequently, it seemed like Harry and Ron were too busy working on a secret project, trying to find some obscure piece of information to do with flannel. Ron refused to talk to her about the project, while Harry would look at her apologetically whenever she asked. Hermione found she didn't really care, despite Ron's goading – whatever the Gryffindor boys were looking into, she was certain that the Slytherin Fashion Code wouldn't allow her to wear flannel, even if it did something amazing like protect against curses and burns. She enjoyed talking with Harry and Neville immensely, when Madam Pince wasn't near their table. While Hermione was able to hear the school gossip from Tracey and Pansy back in her dorm, it was fascinating to her to hear what boys considered gossip and would spread around. It was through one such gossip session that Hermione learned she was popular with the Ravenclaws. "What?" she hissed at Neville, bewildered. "How?" Neville blushed brilliantly, while Harry shrugged and grinned. "The Ravenclaws think you're some brilliant goddess of knowledge, what with you always knowing everything," he teased her. "They're kind of intimidated by you, I think, because you're usually always around the other Slytherins." "I'm a Slytherin," Hermione automatically responded. "Of course I'm always around the Slytherins." "They really admire you, Hermione," Neville said. "I bet if you visited them, they'd all want to be your friend. They all say nice things about you when you're not there." "That, and your Halloween photos probably help," Harry said with a sly grin. "At least with the boys." Hermione paused, her eyes narrowing. "What Halloween photos?" Harry's and Neville's eyes widened and they exchanged a wary look, before, hesitantly, Harry began to speak. Ernie MacMillan, apparently, had kept a set of the photos he'd taken of Hermione for her parents. He'd been proud of how they'd turned out, or something like that, Harry stressed, which was why he kept a set. Michael Corner had seen them, however, and asked Ernie for a copy, which Ernie had made and given him. Terry Boot, in turn, had seen Michael's photos, and had wanted a copy as well. After Terry got some, Blaise Zabini and Anthony Goldstein had wanted some, and suddenly, nearly every guy in her year had seen Hermione's too-short Muggle witch costume photos with her failing to stay on a broom. Neville's face stayed a steady red while they were telling the story, and Harry looked uneasy as he spoke, but Hermione could tell he was being forthright. When he finished, Hermione was torn between horrified embarrassment and indignant rage. "He sold them?" she fumed. "Ernie just sold my photos to anyone who asked?" Harry winced but didn't deny it, and Hermione groaned, clutching her head. "So everyone has seen me dressed up like a Muggle witch?" she moaned. "And pretending to fly on a broom?" She paused. "…did Ernie give them all the pictures? Even the ones where I kept messing up and falling off?" It was Harry's turn to shrug, but Neville nodded behind him, red. Abruptly, Hermione stood from the table, shoving her books into her bag in a very non-Hermione-like manner. "I think I need to go see Ernie," she told them sweetly, before slinging her bag over her shoulder and storming off. She found Ernie in the old Charms classroom that was used for the Gobstones club. When she knocked on the doorway and asked if they could spare Ernie for a moment, she was careful to keep her face soft and tone normal, and Ernie even had the gall to grin and nod at her as he said something to his teammates, before rising to join her in the corridor. Keeping her touch light, Hermione nimbly plucked Ernie's wand from his front pocket as he closed the door, distracting him with a smile. A moment after he had closed the door, Hermione had her wand at his throat, her eyes flashing, and Ernie's eyes went wide with alarm. "What-" "Do not you what me, Ernie MacMillan," Hermione seethed. "Are you, or are you not, selling photos of me to anyone who asks?" She could see the unease creep onto his face as he hesitated, and Hermione felt her rage grow. "I thought you were nice!" she spat. "You were nice, offering to do me a favor, and instead, I learn you're just making fun of me behind my back!" "What? No, Hermione, I didn't-" Hermione dragged Ernie down the hall by his collar to the next empty classroom, Ernie stumbling awkwardly along, sputtering objections. She shoved him inside and slammed the door shut. With a furious levitation charm, all the old desks and chairs threw themselves out of the way to pile against the walls, Ernie gaping openly at the display of power. Hermione threw his wand at him, her gaze furious. "We'll see who will be laughing now." Her eyes narrowed. "Can I trust you not to cast until the count of three, or will you cast at me behind my back?" Ernie's eyes flew wide. "What? Hermione, no! I'm not going to duel you-!" He scrambled for something in his robes, and Hermione rolled her eyes with an exaggerated sigh. "Well, I'm going to duel you, so if you don't put up some sort of fight, this will-" Abruptly, a pile of papers hit her chest, and Hermione looked at Ernie incredulously. "What's this?" Ernie looked like he was trembling, but he remained fast. "The photos," he told her steadily. "The set that the boys all bought." Hermione kept her eyes on him, making sure he wasn't going to curse her, before slowly, slowly bending down. The first thing she noticed was there were more photos than the set Ernie had given her – this set was much larger. Carefully keeping an eye on Ernie, she began flipping through them, her eyes slowly widening. There were normal ones: Hermione posed in the window, Hermione smiling at the camera, Hermione sitting on the broom. They were good photos, and Hermione looked especially nice with her hair and make up done. But there were other photos: Hermione reaching for a book in the library, her skirt hem rising up as she stretched, her shirt rising with her arm to reveal a stretch of her stomach. Hermione laughing at something in the library, bending over with her eyes dancing, her shirt slipping open at the top. Hermione trying to balance on the broomstick, accidentally flashing a long, bare leg as she climbed on, before sitting down on it and throwing the camera an amused look – a look that had been self-deprecating amusement at the time, but now looked flirtatious instead. She flipped through them, understanding dawning as she looked. "No one was making fun of you, Hermione," Ernie said, stepping towards her slowly. "It- you looked so-" Hermione's eyes shot up. "Looked so what?" Ernie winced. "You have to realize," he began, "that in the wizarding world, there's not really – there's not any photos like these. Everyone is covered up all the time, generally, and there's not any photos of people being so- of people flirty on film." "Of being sexy," Hermione said flatly, and Ernie winced. "It's not a bad thing," he told her, anxious. "And it's not like any of them are explicit or anything! It's just- you look good in the photos, Hermione! You should be proud! And guys just wanted a copy to look at themselves, y'know? 'Cause they're so nice!" "I should be proud that my classmates are looking at photos of me like I'm some pin-up model?" Hermione's tone was dangerous, and Ernie swallowed hard, taking a step back. "I'm appalled that you even want these – we're only eleven and twelve!" Hermione abruptly realized she'd backed Ernie up against the wall without meaning to when he stumbled upon hitting it, and gradually became aware that she was poking him with her wand in the chest. She frowned and lowered it but kept her eyes on Ernie, filled with a hateful glare. "Who all did you sell these to?" she snapped, and Ernie fumbled with his robes. "I- ah- I don't know, but I have a list somewhere," he told her. "I kept a list of everyone who bought a set, and a list of any ideas they had for the future, too-" "For the future?" Hermione said, incredulous, and Ernie held up his hands in surrender. "Some of the guys who got your photos had ideas. Y'know, for further photo shoots." He winced. "I never said anything about them to you, obviously, but I kept a record just in case-" His eyes implored her to believe him, and, rather disgustedly, Hermione found she did. Stepping back, she allowed him a little room to breathe, and Ernie picked his wand up from the floor. Hermione gnawed at her lip, her mind racing. "You will tell no one about me cornering you here," she told him. "No one. If I hear that you have breathed a word of this discussion to anyone, I will challenge you do a duel in front of the entire school, and you will lose." Ernie nodded slowly. Hermione knew he didn't have any doubts as to which one of them was the more powerful caster. "You will send me this list. Both the list of people who bought the photos, and the photo shoot ideas. Both lists. I want these lists by the end of the day tomorrow." She glared at him. "So you had better make sure you find them." Ernie nodded slowly. Hermione wrenched her face up, torn, before making a harsh sound. "You will continue to sell the photos to anyone who asks – third year and down, only," she said finally, and Ernie's eyes widened. "You will send me a note with the name of anyone who does, however. I want to know everyone who has them." She paused. "How much are you selling them for?" Ernie thought. "The five best ones for four galleons. The entire set for twenty." Hermione fought to keep her eyes from bulging. Twenty galleons for pictures of her? "You will send me half of the earnings," she informed him. "Post and future earnings. And don't even pretend you don't still have their gold, Ernie – you're cooped up in a castle with nowhere to spend it." "I- alright," Ernie conceded. "I understand." "Good," Hermione said, tossing her hair. She looked back at him. "And you, of course, will not speak of this little conversation to anyone?" "Not a word," Ernie agreed. "Not a peep." "Then get out of here," she told him, opening the door with a flick of her wand. "Go back to your gobstones club and get out of my sight." Ernie scrambled around a fallen desk to do just that, and once he had left, Hermione sighed, pinching her nose tightly and counting to thirty before finally heading for her dorm. Once she reached there, she threw herself down on her bed with a huff, thinking. Really, the part that annoyed her the most was that it had been happening without her permission, she decided. Now that she knew about it, and she could control it, Hermione found it didn't bother her as much as she'd thought it would. And she had the perfect alibi – Ernie was doing it, not her, and she had no idea that he was selling her photos. She could show a teacher the set she'd been given, and Hermione thought that if the situation called for it, she'd be able to manage furious tears of indignation and horror – especially if she was worried about getting in trouble with a teacher. Deep inside of her, so deep she didn't want to explore it too deeply, Hermione found it kind of flattering. Her classmates had thought she was so pretty that they actively wanted to look at her. Hermione had never felt that kind of attention before. And really – was it so different from the photos the paparazzi took of child movie stars? Rolling over on her bed with a groan, Hermione reached for a book to distract her mind. She'd made her decision. There was no use agonizing over it any further.
Hermione tried to put the issue with the pictures with Ernie out of her mind. It made her uncomfortable to think about. And she felt kind of uncomfortable about the fact that she was uncomfortable about it; a true Slytherin should only see the opportunity and potential in such circumstances, she thought. Whereas she just felt… odd, about the entire thing. Ernie had provided the list to her, and while there had been more names on it than she'd expected, she'd barely glanced at it before tucking it away in her trunk. She didn't want to think about it. There was something she didn't like about the entire thing. The pictures didn't even look like her, really – she'd done her hair and makeup and worn a costume. In real life, her hair was a big bushy cloud most days, not gentle waves. She certainly didn't have long eyelashes and softly smoky eyes most days – usually, her eyes were sharp, sometimes with dark circles under them from when she stayed up too late reading. And she wore the same robes and uniform as everyone else. It felt like people were looking at a fake version of her. It was weird, to think about. If they liked the pictures of her more than how she actually looked day to day, what did that mean? Did they look at the picture and superimpose that image on her? Hermione wasn't sure what she thought of it all, and she disliked thinking about it, though it kept cropping back up in her mind. When a large, misshapen package arrived for Hermione one morning, carried by a very tired owl, Pansy was the one who noticed, as Hermione had been distracted again. "It's here!" Daphne and Tracey were quick to elbow her and hiss at her to be quiet, and Hermione smirked as she untied the package from the owl, tearing open the envelope on top. Dear Hermione, Your first order put you at a higher tier of Avon saleswoman, so you're now making 15% on anything you sell. I'm not sure what sort of school girls you go to school with, who are able to drop hundreds of pounds on makeup all at once, but color me impressed. I used to make pocket change in school by selling candy bars. You clearly have the better plan. The order came in rather quickly – it was stripping the labels off for you that took longer. If you need things faster in the future, I can send them with the labels on, and you could magic them off? Just a thought. Dad and I both miss you terribly, and we're terribly curious what all you're getting up to! We look forward to seeing you over the holidays. We eagerly count the days. Much love, Mum P.S. Yes, we can go to London to visit your Diagon Alley again over the break. Hermione grinned and pocketed the letter. She nodded to the other girls, who were nearly shaking with suppressed squeals. Unfortunately for them, it was a Tuesday, and they had class to go to. Hermione barely had any time to run to her room and stash the package away. Herbology that day was easy – a lesson on how to properly weed plants. Hermione suspected it was more for the pureblooded people who had never had to garden in their life, but she paid mild attention all the same. She was amused to see Pansy checking the clock every few minutes, and Daphne also staring at her watch, clearly longing. When the bell finally rang, Hermione was swept up in a race back to the dorm rooms before lunch. "Give it give it give it!" Tracey said, bouncing on her feet. "I'm so excited," Daphne admitted, looking flushed. "I can't wait to see what I can look like with this." "I can't wait to curl my hair," Pansy announced. "It will change my life." Hermione let a small smile play around her lips as she unwrapped the package, carefully checking the order form she'd written out with what had been sent. In order to make the math easy, Hermione had just charged whatever the price was in pounds, but in galleons instead. A £5 mascara, therefore, cost 5 galleons. With the exchange rate being roughly £5 to a galleon, Hermione was pocketing 80% pure profit on each transaction, not counting Avon's commission rate. It was exorbitant, but the girls had paid it. And it had added up. Pansy had paid 45 galleons for her hair curler, leaving Hermione with 36 galleons of profit from one sale alone. She had amassed a nice bundle of galleons to put into her vault when Christmas time came. "Tracey," Hermione said, handing Tracey her pack. Tracey had gotten some eyeshadows, eyeliner, and mascara, as well as a powder. She hadn't had the money to get too much. "Thank you," Tracey said reverently, taking the package with care. She hurried over to her bed and began examining everything, wide-eyed. "Millie," Hermione announced, handing Millicent her things. Millicent had gotten a bit more, and she offered Hermione a rare grin as she took it from her. "Pansy." Pansy had ordered a lot, nearly one of each main item, in addition to her hair curler. Pansy snatched her things from Hermione's hands, hurrying to her bed with it. "And Daphne." Daphne smiled at Hermione, and carefully looked through her things. Daphne had ordered a nearly everything – eyeshadows, eyeliners, lipsticks, lip glosses, highlighter, bronzer, powders, compacts, foundation, concealer, a curling iron, and even 'magic wipes' that helped cleanse your face of the potions before you went to bed, so as not to clog your pores. Hermione had made a lot of money from Daphne alone. A lot. Hermione smiled as she watched her roommates dig through their new things. After advising them to be careful, reminding them to make sure they all looked natural, and tossing them photo tutorials she'd asked her mother to cut and copy from Muggle fashion magazines, Hermione went down to lunch. She felt a bit better, now – her scheme was working, and she wouldn't have to wear make up herself anymore, now, if she didn't want. She saw Harry approaching the Gryffindor table, and she quickly pulled him aside. "I need a favor," she said quickly. "If anyone comments on how different the first year Slytherin girls look, don't say anything, alright?" Harry blinked. "Why?" "I've started selling them Muggle makeup," Hermione admitted. "But they don't know that. If they can keep it subtle enough and keep it a secret, I'm hoping I can make a mint off them before they figure it out." Harry looked like he was trying not to laugh. "I'll do my best to not react," he told her with a grin. "But if Pansy shows up with green glittery eyelids, no promises I won't laugh." "Fair enough," Hermione agreed with a smile. Lunch wasn't crowded that day, so Hermione settled in with a book. After lunch was History, and Hermione watched as her classmates carefully returned. To her surprise, none of them looked like they had done anything, save a little bounce to Pansy's hair. Daphne sidled up to Hermione. "We decided that if we all looked abruptly different in the middle of the day, it'd be really obvious something had changed," she explained in a hushed voice. "We all agreed to gradually start using things, so we gradually look prettier and prettier." "That's smart," Hermione told her, nodding. "Good thinking." History was an incredible bore, and Hermione took her book out to read. Halfway through class, she was surprised to see a small owl charmed out of paper fly over to her and flatten out in front of her. Looking around curiously, she met Blaise's gaze. He was grinning at her. Raising an eyebrow, she flattened it out. You're learning to play chess? Immediately, Hermione scowled at the note. She'd been reading a chess strategy book, trying to memorize patterns. She wasn't about to let a stupid game stop her from winning the obstacle course. I'm trying to get better at chess, she wrote back. I already know how to play. She sent the note fluttering back, watching as it flapped along the floor. Blaise opened it, grinned, and scrawled something back. I'm good at chess, the note said. Want to practice in the Common Room some time? Hermione considered. Given she was horrible at chess, any help she could get would be a plus, though she'd have to sacrifice her pride to reveal that to him. She didn't think Blaise was offering because he knew about the giant chess board, but she'd be able to subtly probe if they played together. Why was Blaise offering, though? Blaise never cared what your blood status was, Theo's voice echoed in her head. He cared that you were Slytherin, female, and attractive. Hermione bit her lip to force back a smile, remembering how he'd demanded a kiss as payment for his help with the Cerberus. Looking over at him, she nodded, and a wide smile spread across Blaise's face, provoking a smile from Hermione in turn. Even if she didn't learn to get better at chess, these lessons had the potential to be fun all on their own.
Though it wasn't well known or well-used amongst the first years, the professors did, in fact, keep office hours. Hermione suspected office hours were mostly used by OWL and NEWT students, but they were open to anybody. Snape's office hours were scarce and generally late in the evening, and uncomfortably close to curfew some days. Hermione suspected that this was to discourage people from visiting him during office hours and to give preference to the Slytherins, who could make it back to their dorm much quicker than the other Houses to make curfew. Even knowing Snape gave the Slytherins preferential treatment, it still took Hermione several minutes to get up the courage to knock on Snape's door. "Enter." Determinedly keeping her back straight and her shoulders up, Hermione entered. Snape's office held similarities with his classroom, but had better light, a better chair, and carpet. There were shelves with unpleasant-looking things in jars behind him, but they looked less threatening when they were seen in better light. Hermione took her time looking around, noting with some astonishment that Snape seemed to have appropriated a cushioned Muggle office chair from somewhere. Snape looked up at her from his grading and raised an eyebrow. "Yes, Miss Granger?" Hermione closed the door and took a seat in front of him, fighting the urge to swing her legs and bite her lip. "That night the troll attacked," she said finally. "You came and got me from the window sill." Snape's face immediately grew shuttered. "You agreed never to tell anyone about that," he said. "And I haven't," Hermione said quickly. "But…" She hesitated, biting her lip and looking up at him. Snape's voice gentled. "But…?" "Will you teach me how to do it?" she asked, all in a rush. Snape blinked. "Teach you…?" "How to fly," Hermione said, biting her lip. "Without a broom. Just… myself. Like you did." Snape, in general, wasn't an expressive person, unless it was sneering and smirking and scowling. Now, his eyes grew very large, and he looked like he was trying not to show what he was feeling. "Why, Miss Granger," he demanded, "do you want to know how to fly?" His voice was harsh again, and Hermione blinked at the change, tilting her head. "Because it was incredible," she told him honestly. "And I'm not overly fond of brooms. I'd love to be able to fly, even if just a little, to reach the top shelves of a bookcase, or to stop myself from dying if I'm ever pushed from the Astronomy tower, or even just for fun, like the Quidditch team does." "In case you are pushed…?" Snape looked alarmed. "Miss Granger, are people threatening you?" Hermione looked away. "Not really. Just… making remarks." She shrugged. "My classmates are all pretty okay now, but some of the older students still hiss things under their breath at me." Snape's eyes hardened. "Who?" "I don't know their names," Hermione admitted. "Just… there are a lot. Slytherin puts a lot of value on pureblood ancestry. And… I don't have that." Snape looked at her again, considering. "Flying autonomously is very, very difficult, Miss Granger," he told her. "There are very few wizards who can do it." Hermione nodded. "I figured that's why it wasn't common," she told him. "It'd make sense why you can do it, then, but not any of the other teachers." Snape looked taken aback for a moment at the compliment, before refocusing. "Because of this, you would not be able to fly," he told her. "You simply don't have the magical power necessary." "I thought of that too," Hermione said quickly. "But sir, I'm much smaller than you, and I weigh much less. I know that it requires immense magical power to fly… but perhaps it would require much less for a smaller person to fly?" Snape looked down his nose at her, raising his eyebrows. "You want to try regardless?" he asked her. "Despite my confidence that it will not work?" Hermione hesitated. "Has anyone ever tried to teach a child how to fly?" she asked. "Or anyone that hadn't finished their growth spurt?" Snape looked like he was actually considering it, now. "I know of two people in the world who can fly autonomously, Miss Granger, and I am one of them," he told her. "The Dark Lord was the other." If he thought she was trying to be like the Dark Lord, it explained why he was so alarmed she wanted to learn. "Three's a good number of people," Hermione said, offering him a smile. "There's no harm in trying, is there?" Snape stared at her, before reclining in his chair with a sigh. "Regardless, I don't think you have the magical capacity yet, Miss Granger," he told her. "You are still very young. I doubt your power has even begun to exponentially grow yet." "I'm very strong for my age!" Hermione objected. "And I've been practicing – wait, what?" Hermione stopped and looked Snape. "…what do you mean, my power hasn't begun to exponentially grow yet?" she asked suspiciously. Snape looked amused. "It is known that at the onset of puberty, a witch or wizard's power begins to grow exponentially, fully maturing when they are seventeen," he told her. "Currently, your power is only increasing linearly." Hermione stared at him. "Is this one of those things that everybody just knows?" she demanded. "Do all the purebloods just know that this is how power reserves work?" "I doubt it," Snape told her. "I was made aware of this through somebody's… private research." Hermione's mind was racing, and she started pacing the floor. "If my power reserve started growing at eleven, and it stops at seventeen," she murmured. "In order to… Sir, what counts as the 'official onset of puberty'?" Snape raised an eyebrow. "For a witch, when she first bleeds," he told her. "For a wizard… generally, the first nocturnal emission, or emission done otherwise." Hermione nodded, doing her best to seem professional, despite the topic. "I've already been eleven for a year, and twelve for a few months," she murmured. "Average age for a girl to get her period is twelve and a half, so that's still half a year away. In order to maximize it…" Her mind raced. She was going to have to figure out the optimal time to have her period, and try to force her body to have it then. She'd have to run numbers to see how best it would work – long enough that she had a good starting amount of power to increase exponentially, but not too long that it wouldn't increase exponentially for a long enough period of time. If there were actual numbers behind all this that controlled how much power you got, she had to try to maximize it. The risks if she didn't were too dire - what if Pansy ended up more powerful than her simply because she got lucky with when she got her period? "Miss Granger, you are purposefully trying to maximize your magical power?" Concentration broken, Hermione looked back to Snape. "Of course," she told him. "If I'm going to convince everyone that I'm New Blood, I need to be a powerful witch. Very powerful, probably." Snape didn't so much as flutter an eyelid at the mention of 'New Blood,' confirming Hermione's suspicions – somebody had already informed him of her claim. "How are you doing this?" he asked her. "I've been casting spells each night until I've completely expended my magical power," Hermione told him. "If I keep pushing myself to the limit, I find that the next night, I can do a little more." Snape looked impressed despite himself. "This is working?" he said. "I've never heard of anything like this." "Well, I made it up," Hermione told him, tossing her head. "I used to be only able to levitate a book for a little while, but now I can levitate my entire chest for several minutes. I tried to levitate myself to fly, but that didn't work. I was only kind of able to make it work when I levitated my clothes, instead, with me still in them." "And now you want to learn to fly properly." Hermione offered him a small smile. "Yes? Please?" Snape sighed and pinched his nose slightly, rubbing it. "Fine," he said finally. "I will teach you, even if only to see if it is possible to teach a child. It will be an interesting experiment, to say the least. If it works… well…" He trailed off, but Hermione was hugging herself tightly and making an excited noise that just seemed to be slipping out. Snape gave her a grudging smile. "Students who are actively trying to learn and maximize their potential do not often come through my classroom," Snape told her. "If you are looking for a teacher, I will teach you." Hermione beamed at him.
"Hermione, are the Slytherins all picking on Ron on purpose?" Hermione looked up at Harry, who was sitting across the table from her in the library. "What do you mean?" she asked, carefully side-stepping the question. Harry sighed, running a hand through his hair, making it even messier than before. "Ron's lost over a hundred points from Gryffindor for fighting in the halls, and it always seems like it's Slytherins who are baiting him," Harry told her. "Everyone in Gryffindor is furious with him and keeps telling him to just ignore any taunts, but with Ron's temper… it's like he can't." Hermione bit the inside of her lip hard to keep from grinning. "Ron's always had this thing against Slytherins from the start, Harry," Hermione pointed out. "Is it any real surprise that there's tension between him and them now?" Harry sighed. "I guess not." Hermione turned back to her essay, but she found her mind was drifting. She'd been trying to think of how to provoke Ron into an explosive confrontation in front of lots of people while still seeming like his friend during it. Maybe this was a good pressure point. If Ron went off about Slytherin, and she defended her house, he might turn around and yell at her for it. She could start crying, then – Ron yelling at her in her face would be a probable cause to make a first year cry, right? She made a mental note to talk to the others. They might have some ideas. Setting the issue aside, she returned to her Defense Against the Dark Arts essay, determinedly using the correct resources to write it. Honestly, it seemed like Quirrell was purposefully trying to teach them the wrong information sometimes. "Check." Hermione glared at Blaise, who looked amused. Her eyes darting around the board, she carefully moved her rook. Blaise moved his knight in response and grinned. "Checkmate." "Augh!" Hermione said, hiding her face in her hands. "I'm awful at this!" "You're not that bad," Blaise told her, still grinning. "You're not good, but you're not bad." "I am never going to get better at this stupid game," she despaired. "This is awful. Terrible. Horrible. Auugghhhh…" Blaise snickered at her dramatics, before setting the chessboard up again. "If you're so bad at it, why even play it?" he asked her. "You could always take up checkers or gobstones instead." Hermione consciously bit her lip, trying to look like she was admitting a secret. "…Weasley is really good at chess," she told Blaise. "For just once, I'd like to crush him…" Blaise started laughing. "You've got a way to go, then," he told her. "You're already creaming him in classes. Why is chess so important?" "I just- I want to take the one thing he's so good at, " Hermione said, "and I want to beat him at his own stupid game-" Blaise was still snickering at her fury. "We'll have to think of another way for you to beat him, then, won't we?" Blaise said mildly. Hermione gave him a look of despair. "Like what?" Blaise shrugged, waving a hand. "I'll look into it. Don't worry." Hermione gave him a suspicious look, and Blaise grinned, his eyes dancing. "We're Slytherins, Hermione," he reminded her. "If we're losing, we just change the game."
The days turned from fall to winter, and Hermione used a few of her Avon galleons to buy herself a Slytherin cardigan to wear during classes, matching most of the other girls in her dorm. The dungeons were considerably colder than the rest of the castle, and the first years all determinedly tried to learn warming charms together, despite charm's advanced level of magic. Hermione was the only one able to get it at all, but not to a very good degree, and not enough to keep a person warm. Instead, she taught her classmates how to charm bluebell flames and put them in jars to keep warm, which impressed them. Theo, ever innovative, ran off and brought back empty potion vials, and soon they all had mini bluebell flames in flasks and vials stashed about themselves in all their pockets. Hermione even stitched one of them into the tag of her cardigan with her sewing kit. She knew her hair would cover the bump on her back. Over time, the Slytherin girls gradually began wearing makeup. Hermione was impressed with how subtly they pulled it off. It started with mascara and eyebrow grooming, then concealer was added as they slowly added more to their routines. Pansy and Daphne began to use their hair curlers immediately, even helping to curl Tracy and Millie's occasionally. A warming charm to heat the metal was much easier to cast than a proper heating charm, and Hermione suspected it would be the one charm Pansy would ace without question on their finals at the end of the year. The Slytherin boys tended to view the girls' changes with small suspicion, as if something was off, but they couldn't quite tell what – but the rest of the first-year boys seemed very appreciative. Hermione noticed Tracy and Millie's self-confidence grow as boys started to look at them, and she was happy for them, though a large part of her wasn't entirely thrilled with how this was all coming about. The galleons, though, she needed. If she was determined to establish a House of her own, she would need money to do so. She was well aware of the kind of sums the older pureblood houses threw around as pocket change, and she knew she needed seed money to try and earn a fortune of her own. Somehow. Classes continued to follow predictable patterns, and Hermione found herself easily at the top of most of them. She enjoyed the challenges Professor McGonagall would throw at her, but even those were getting easier to master, with her expanded core. Herbology was interesting, and Hermione wondered if it would tie in with Potions class at a higher level. Charms continued to be easy, and Potions… Potions was the class where Hermione had the most fun. Part of her felt distinctly bad for enjoying Potions so much, as a definite part of her enjoyment was seeing Snape berate Ron Weasley. Another part of Hermione felt pleased at it, though, and oddly touched by her Head of House's loyalty – he'd started yelling at Ron after the incident with the troll. Neville was still largely hopeless, but Snape had taken to sighing and vanishing his messes and making him start again without as much fuss, which seemed to help Neville to be slowly improving. Hermione wondered if Neville was only doing as poorly as he was because he was scared of Snape – Neville's essays always seemed alright. The other fun part of Potions was brewing them. Hermione and Theo formed an excellent team, quietly bickering with each other in the back of the classroom on what to try and how to improve what they were brewing. It was also mentally challenging to be brewing the same thing, but different, in two different cauldrons at a time. She and Theo were getting very good at working as a team, able to anticipate the next move the other would make, though not all their experimental potions were successful. Snape had given them a small testing kit, to begin figuring out what kind of substance they'd made. Hermione recognized some of the small pieces of paper as litmus tests, but there were other round parchments designed to have a drop of potion on them and change color diagnostically. When they were successful in making a known potion, the parchment would turn a glowing green. Whenever they failed, there was a dull red glow. Whenever they ended up with a poison, it would turn black, and an unknown substance that was safe to consume and would have some effect generated a blue. Hermione asked after the charm to make more of the strips, but Snape waved her off, saying it was something of his own creation, and very difficult to replicate. Every night, Hermione was dutiful with her magical exhaustion training. Levitation was still the best and fastest way she'd found to exhaust her power reserves. She'd gotten good enough to keep her mahogany chest floating for long periods, so she was working on her bookcase next – with all the books on it, it was much heavier than her chest. She was considering trying her own bed after mastering the bookcase, but she was worried about the noise she might make if she failed. The last thing she needed was the other girls investigating what she was doing making loud noises after they were asleep. As time continued, November easing into December, Hermione found Christmas rapidly approaching. She signed up to go home with the other Slytherins, which brought some mocking remarks from the older students that Hermione steadfastly ignored. Muggles or not, she desperately missed her family, and she had things she needed to do away from the school anyway. She wasn't about to celebrate the holiday with a group of people who still largely judged her. Christmas, however, brought up a new issue: gifts. Hermione had found a guide of sorts on gift-giving in a very, very old hostess manual for Yule. While there were rules on what presents to give clearly outlined, it was difficult not only to update the book's suggestions to more modern times, but to classify her classmates into the categories needed for giving appropriate gifts. Gift giving for Christmas was a big deal, and the last thing Hermione wanted to do was accidentally slight someone, or unknowingly give someone something romantic without the corresponding intention behind it. There were so many possible categories, too. There was "Friends," but also "Close friends," "Acquaintances," "Allies," and "Coworkers." There were also categories for "Enemies who don't know they are your enemy," "Possible future romantic attachments," and "People of tainted blood whom you can't dismiss." Hermione found herself making note of all the suggested gifts in the last category, intending to keep of list of anyone who sent her something from it. By the time the break finally rolled around, Hermione was bouncing on the edge of her seat the whole ride back to London, and after exiting Platform 9 ¾, she ran to her parents and hugged them with all her might. Her father chuckled as she buried her head into his chest. "Well, well. Did someone miss us?" he teased. "Of course she missed us," her mother said, a smile in her tone. "The question is, how much did she miss us?" Hermione felt her heart lift at her parents' voice. "You have no idea."
Because they were already in London, and her parents had taken the day off from their practice to come and get her, the Granger family all went to Diagon Alley to take care of Hermione's wizarding business as soon as possible. Hermione dragged her parents to Madam Malkin's Robes first thing, asking Madam Malkin for a simple over-robe for both of her parents. The seamstress nodded knowingly and had her parents clothed in a jiffy, allowing them to blend into the rest of the alley seamlessly. Hermione didn't want any trouble with snobs to put a damper on the holiday. Her mother and father accompanied her around to shops as she bought gifts for her friends. When Hermione expressed she wanted to go to the bank, her father shooed her off alone with a gleam in his eye, suggesting that he and her mother might need some Christmas shopping time alone. Hermione was so thrilled with the idea of getting a wizarding gift as a present that she nearly skipped her way across the street to Gringotts. Gringotts was just as imposing as the last time. Taking a deep breath, Hermione opened the doors, approached the counter, and waited. When it was her turn, the goblin standing there gave her an expectant look. It looked unpleasant. Going from what little goblin lore she had found in a book on humanoid creatures, Hermione carefully offered the goblin a respectful bow. "I would speak with Bloodthorne," she said carefully. The goblin narrowed his eyes. "Bloodthorne is busy," he informed her. "I would help you." "I would wait for Bloodthorne," she told him back. "My time is my own, and I shall spend it waiting." The goblin gave her an odd look, but he hopped down and left the counter. Hermione let out a deep breath she hadn't realized she was holding, feeling dizzy with a sense of relief. Dealing with the goblins was unnerving. A few minutes later, Hermione saw a goblin walking towards her directly across the floor. When he reached her, he offered her a bow, and Hermione bowed back deeply. The goblin looked at her, and Hermione was surprised to see he seemed happy. The smile looked odd on the goblin's face. "Miss Hermione Granger," he said. He grinned, showing all his teeth. "We meet again. Another exchange rate to haggle?" "Bloodthorne," Hermione said, bowing again. She raised an eyebrow. "Not at all. There was a promise made, at our last meeting." The goblin looked at her expectantly, and Hermione smirked. "Loans," she told him. "We were going to discuss loans." The smile that stretched across Bloodthorne's face now was distinctly less pleasant and much more predatory, and Hermione noted that it looked much more natural on the goblin's face than the smile had. "Oh, yes," Bloodthorne said softly. "Let me get us a room, Hermione Granger, and we shall talk." "So people will voluntarily agree to pay more than they borrowed?" Bloodthorne still looked suspicious of the whole concept of loans, but there was a greedy spark in his eyes. Hermione held her patience and tried again. "Yes. It's the concept of immediate need versus later obligations," she explained. "For example, if someone's roof falls in, they need to fix it immediately." Bloodthorne gave her a look as if she was an idiot. "Of course." "But what if they didn't have the money?" she challenged him. "What if it was a poor family, and they didn't have the 50 galleons to fix the roof?" Bloodthorne's gaze was slow, measuring this time. "You are saying they would borrow it," he stated. "Yes. The bank would make an agreement with the family. The bank would loan the man the 50 galleons he needed now, and in exchange, he would pay back more than he took. It's called 'interest'," Hermione explained. "It can be done multiple ways. The arrangement could be that the man would pay the bank back in installments of 5 galleons a month for a year, for example – the bank would make 10 galleons interest, then. Or, the bank could agree to charge a percentage of the debt as interest, and have it accrue over time." "How does that one work?" Bloodthorne's eyes glinted. "I'm not entirely sure," Hermione admitted. She held up a sheaf of papers. "I brought some contracts that Muggles use for this kind of thing in the Muggle world that we could look at as examples." Bloodthorne leaned over the table, and together they looked over the papers. "I don't know the math to know how it works," Hermione told him. "Maybe if you have an Arithmancer? But a simpler repayment contract might go over better in the wizarding world, anyway. You say that this has never been done before?" Bloodthorne shook his head. "Wizards loan money to each other, and to their friends, and the debt is backed by trust. They have never borrowed from the bank." Hermione bit her lip, thinking. "…is part of that because wizards are unwilling to borrow from goblins?" she asked, as delicately as possible. To her surprise, Bloodthorne snorted. "No. Wizards take from the goblins frequently. No, it is that the goblins have never been inclined to help wizards." He sneered. "However, this concept of… interest. This 'interest' changes things." Hermione grinned. "Then it will work?" "Oh, yes, it will work." Bloodthorne shot her a nasty, triumphant work. "It is as you said – we will have to use your account exclusively, as you alone have given us permission to use your gold for the loans, but in return, you will earn part of the return." "Excellent." Hermione pulled another paper forward. "This is a draft of something I thought might work as a good standard contract. You fill in the numbers here – how much they are borrowing, how much they have to repay back each month, and how much is added to the debt as a late fee if they don't make a payment on time." "Late fee?" Bloodthorne looked pleased. "Yes. Then, here are the other terms – the terms of what the bank can seize as recompense against the loan if the borrower defaults." Bloodthorne scanned the contract. "…if they do not pay back what they borrowed, we can take something of theirs?" "Yes. It's called 'collateral'. It makes sure that the bank will always be paid back," Hermione explained. "If someone wants to borrow 100 galleons, they need to offer something the bank can take in case they don't pay it back. Most people don't care, because they know they'll just pay it back, but it can become very important. They might offer their house, for example, or a car. Maybe in the wizarding world, the copyright to a potion or book that earns money." Bloodthorne's eyes glittered greedily. "I understand entirely," he said. "I am ready." "I have made you my exclusive account manager," Hermione told him solemnly. "I trust you will not bankrupt me?" Bloodthorne gave her a nasty smirk. "I will not use too much gold at a time for a loan," he told her. "I suspect that I shall have to mail you each contract for you to sign against – the Ministry is unlikely to honor a contract between a wizard and a goblin, but with you signing on the side of the Bank, there will be no legal out." Hermione shrugged. "That's fine." "All that remains, then, is for us to discuss your terms," he told her, "as you will be the one whose gold we will be borrowing." Hermione straightened. This was the part she was expecting to be difficult. "As it is your money, and you are allowing the bank to use it to gain money over time for free, the Bank offers you 85% of the interest earned, and a discounted price for any property seized by the bank in the event you desire it," Bloodthorne said, his eyes glinting. Hermione had to bite her tongue hard to not gasp aloud. She'd been planning on offering the goblins 50/50, as they were the ones doing all the work. She'd expected a lowball offer like 35%, and to have to fight her way up to 50%. But if they were starting by offering her 85%... Hermione's eyes narrowed. "It's my gold, and I could do this all without the bank if I wanted," she said, putting her nose in the air. "95%, and I get any property seized by loan defaults." Bloodthorne threw his head back and cackled delightedly. "The witch has claws!" he exclaimed, looking at her with satisfaction. "90%, and you will have first claim to any property seized by the bank. If you choose to take it, the bank will recover the rest of the debt from your account instead." Hermione considered. 90% was incredibly generous, in her mind. For Bloodthorne to be doing all the work, and only take 10%? He must either be expecting this to be incredibly lucrative over time or didn't fully realize how much power the bank had – there was no way Hermione had the time to be offering loans by herself. And the possibility of getting things through loans defaulting had potential. Wizarding property was expensive and hard to get. "Deal, Bloodthorne," Hermione said, nodding. Bloodthorne grinned. "We will sign." The contract he drew up was kept very simple, in very simple and clear language, which Hermione appreciated. Bloodthorne signed with a different, fancier quill, and when Hermione used it, her hand burned as she signed, and she abruptly realized the ink was a shining red. "Is that my blood?" she said, stifling a wave of nausea. Bloodthorne nodded. "Contracts signed in blood are always more valid than those in ink," he told her. "Blood quills are banned for wizards to use." He grinned, showing all his pointy teeth. "But not so with goblins." Hermione felt slightly dizzy. "Thank you for all of your time," she told him, offering him a bow as she stood. "The pleasure was mine," Bloodthorne assured her, eyes glittering. "Have a Happy Christmas." "You too," Hermione said, as she turned to exit the room. She paused. "Oh! I almost forgot!" "Forgot?" Hermione withdrew a heavy bag from her robes. "Please deposit this in my vault," she told him. "I know I don't have much in my vault right now. You can use this gold for loans immediately." Bloodthorne raised an eyebrow, and then smirked. "There is a way of doing these things, Hermione Granger," he told her. He led her to a space at the counter outside the meeting room, cutting in front of many others waiting in line. Hermione watched as he did something with the galleons on a scale. "There are 290 galleons here," he said finally. Hermione nodded. "That's what I counted, too." She'd had to ask Professor Flitwick to cast a Feather-Light charm on the bag so she could carry it. Bloodthorne's eyes gleamed. "I wonder what a young witch is doing, to earn so much gold so fast." Hermione's mind flashed to the makeup and the photos Ernie was quietly selling. "This and that," she told him sweetly. Bloodthorne threw his head back and roared. Hermione shivered at the cackle. "Have a pleasant day, Miss Hermione Granger," he told her, giving her an evil, pointy grin that seemed to indicate anything but a pleasant day. "I'm sure we will be keeping in touch."
Hermione woke up early Christmas Morning, to the feeling of a new weight on her feet. She groped for her wand, only to abruptly realize she wasn't allowed to cast even a simple Lumos to illuminate her room. As she groped for her lamp in the dark, she remembered that she'd had her mother register the house as a magical household, and she could do as she damn well pleased. "Lumos." The room softly illuminated, Hermione peered over her feet. There was a pile of packages – one that hadn't been there the night before. Hermione stared at it, wondering. There was no way owls had gotten into her room to drop them at her feet. So… what had? Maybe there was a Magical Christmas Gift Delivery Spell that Hermione has missed somewhere. Oh well. She'd sent all her gifts by owl, but she'd try to learn for next year. Hermione moved them all to her desk and promptly returned to sleep. When Hermione reawoke, it was to the sound of her father bellowing in the kitchen at the much more reasonable hour of nine. Hermione couldn't help the smile spreading onto her face at her father yelling at the frying pan as she dressed, and it was with a happy fondness for her parents and a certain excitement for Christmas that she descended the stairs, mysterious gifts clutched in her arms. "Happy Christmas, dear!" Hermione barely had time to drop her gifts onto the couch before she was swept up in a hug. "Happy Christmas, mum." "Happy Christmas, Hermione!" her father called from the kitchen, where he was attempting to make a traditional Christmas breakfast. Hermione laughed. "Happy Christmas, dad." Hermione put her gifts under the tree and circled it, paying attention to the sizes and shapes of the boxes. She'd gotten more than she'd expected. Then again, she'd sent more than she probably needed to, not wanting to offend anyone. It made sense if the others did so too. After a Christmas breakfast of French toast (eventually) and Monkey Bread, the Granger family settled happily around the Christmas tree with mugs of hot chocolate and began opening gifts. Her parents had been wonderful. Hermione had received several books, as well as a book token to get five more that she wanted. They'd also gotten her some new clothes, as well as robes – nice, casual robes that she could wear on the weekends or after classes, instead of wearing her uniform all the time. She especially liked the fitted, emerald green ones they'd gotten her – there were hidden pockets sewn into it all over the place, and they had a bit of a dramatic flow when she walked. She felt like a medieval princess wearing them, and she was excited to be able to put bluebell flames in all those pockets to keep her warm. Hermione had received a box of sugar quills from Harry, which amused her – she'd sent him chocolate frogs herself. From Neville, she'd received a set of real raven quills, which were considerably nicer than the ones she usually wrote with. It was just borderline of a bit much for a gift for a friend, but it was incredibly thoughtful. Hermione was glad she'd put thought into Neville's gift – she'd sent him a small Muggle planter of plants he could grow in his dorm room. Ron hadn't sent her anything. Hermione smirked to herself and wondered if he'd feel ashamed of that fact after opening her gift. She'd sent him a classic Chudley Cannons photobook from the 70s that she'd found in a second-hand bookstore. She knew he wouldn't be able to resist it, and the fact it was so thoughtful would shame him all the more. Hermione had sent all her dormmates Muggle makeup. She'd send Tracy and Millie actual nice palettes of eyeshadows that had run her 20 pounds each. Daphne had gotten a smaller palette, and Pansy got an extra stick of mascara. That'd been all Hermione was willing to do for Pansy; despite the truce over the Foe declaration, Pansy was still a snob. Tracey and Millie seemed to have discussed what to get her – Millie sent her a new homework planner for the new year, and Tracey sent her a set of beautiful colored inks. Hermione loved the gift; she could color-code now to her heart's content. Daphne sent her an empty diary, which was nice, and Pansy sent her a set of gobstones, which had Hermione's eyes narrowing. Gobstones were found in every wizarding household, and to send a set as a gift was to imply that the receiver clearly didn't have one already, as they didn't belong to a true wizarding household. Regardless of the fact that Hermione didn't own a set of gobstones, she knew that she'd been slighted. The gifts from the guys of her dorm were the most unexpected. Hermione had sent Crabbe and Goyle cauldron cakes – impersonal, but still enjoyable. Crabbe and Goyle had each sent her a box of chocolates, but from the look of it, they were from some fancy chocolatier Hermione had never heard of. They were preassembled selections, but Hermione was sure her family would enjoy them over Christmas. She hadn't expected a gift from either of them, but she supposed that quietly tutoring them during Charms had given them a feeling of obligation. She laughed when she got to Theo's present – The Art of Potions. It was the exact same book she'd sent to him as a gift after it had piqued her interest in Flourish and Blotts. She wondered if Theo was looking at his own gift from her at this exact moment with wry amusement, or if the coincidence had actually provoked a laugh from her austere classmate. Blaise had sent her a chess set. It was a very nice chess set, and it seemed to be able to shrink and grow, but Hermione wasn't sure why he'd sent one to her. They'd taken up flirting over checkers in the evenings instead – they'd both agreed she was hopeless at chess. A chess set seemed almost like an insult, only it was nice. Resolving that there was some ulterior meaning behind the gift she had yet to discover, she set the matter aside. Hermione had sent Blaise a Go set as a gift – it was a very strategic game that took years to master, and she thought it'd be fun for them to learn together. She felt a mild satisfaction that they'd both sent each other games – she's at least gotten that gift-giving level right. She left the gift from Draco as the last from the Slytherins. Truthfully, Hermione hadn't known what to get Draco for Christmas. They weren't friends, and they barely spoke, but Draco was the undeniable Prince of Slytherin, and she felt duty-bound to give him a gift, almost as if she owed him fealty. None of the suggestions in her book had helped – what do you get a person who can buy anything they want? – so she had set out to give him something he didn't have yet, regardless of any weird implications. She'd sent him beautiful glass dragon she'd gotten from a Muggle collectibles store. It had been pricey, but it was worth it – the dragon was a subtle blue color, and looked as if it were frozen in time, about to blow fire at anyone who approached it. She'd enchanted it to sparkle in the light more than glass usually did. She'd wanted to enchant it to blow bluebell flames, but she'd found the magic beyond her. Layering spells like that was advanced. She hadn't expected a gift from Draco. Draco Malfoy was too high up to just dole out gifts; the Malfoys probably received loads of gifts from people hoping to curry favor with them, and probably only sent a scarce few out to their most loyal allies. The fact that Draco had sent her a gift… Hermione didn't really know what to think about it. Was it because she was the best in their class, and he didn't want her as a foe? "Hermione?" her mother said gently. "Aren't you going to open it?" Carefully, Hermione undid the wrapping, setting the gorgeous bow aside for later reuse. She was left with a large velvet-covered box in her hands. Her heart thudding oddly hard in her chest, she opened it. A strange sight greeted her. The box was clearly a jewelry box – there was a place for a necklace, as well as what Hermione presumed would be a matching set of earrings. However, there wasn't jewelry in the box. Instead, there was a cashmere scarf in Slytherin colors that came out of the box like a magician's scarves coming from his sleeve, and a finely-wrought pin of the Slytherin crest. "Hermione?" her dad prodded. "Who is that from?" Hermione answered him absently, staring at the box. There was a clear meaning here, if only she could grasp it. To send such things in an empty jewelry box… was this a subtle slight? Implying she'd never be good enough to receive jewelry from a guy? Or did this hold some other meaning? Giving someone clothes was almost a pre-courting gift, she'd gathered, though giving gifts that had to do with school pride was mostly a generic present and an okay area. Draco had given her a scarf that clearly hadn't come from the uniform store, and the pin… she'd never seen pins like this before. Where had it come from? Her mother had pins like this, that she pinned to her collar sometimes when she dressed up. She kept them in her jewelry box. So… he'd given her clothing and jewelry, really, only he hadn't, not in a way that mattered. What did that mean? Her head starting to hurt, Hermione set the box aside to ponder more later. There were only a few left. Ernie had sent her a book on modeling and posing, which made Hermione laugh. She'd sent him a book on Muggle photography techniques herself as a playful taunt. She hadn't expected a gift at all, let alone one like this. Ernie had probably opened her gift up early and sent back a retort. The next was a larger box from Anthony Goldstein. Hermione shook it lightly, hearing no noise, and opened it. Inside was a thick woolen cape, dyed a beautiful deep blue. It was folded elegantly, resting on teal and silver tissue paper, and the tag proclaimed it was from Twilfitt and Tattings. On top of it was a decorated invitation to his family's annual Christmas party, to be held in two days' time. "Oooh," her mother said appreciatively. "That's stunning. Who sent you that?" "A boy at school," Hermione admitted. "I think he likes me." Her dad laughed. "Hermione, he definitely fancies you. A boy doesn't send a girl something like that for Christmas if they're just friends." Hermione took out the cape and tried it on, swirling around. It was warm, and the fabric felt soft, especially for a wool. It was very, very nice. "It looks great," her mother said decisively. "You must be sure to tell him thank you." "I will," Hermione said automatically. She paused. "He invited me to his family's holiday party as well." Her parents exchanged a look, putting on carefully-neutral expressions. "And what do you think of that, Hermione?" her father asked. "I think it's a bit much," Hermione admitted. "Him sending me a gift like this is already a pretty dramatic statement in the wizarding world. Going to meet his family would be a lot." Her mother nodded approvingly. "It's good that we're having our own private family party that night then, isn't it?" she said, her eyes sparkling. "It gives you the perfect excuse to decline his kind invitation." "We are?" her dad asked. Her mother shot her father a look and kicked him lightly. Hermione giggled. "Right! Right." Her father cleared his throat. "Yes. Of course. Of course we are." Hermione giggled as her mother began trying to tickle her father. Turning back to the tree, Hermione ripped open the last present. It turned out to be an envelope, which she ripped open as well. A coin fell from the envelope, and Hermione rapidly scanned the letter. Miss Granger, This coin is a Portkey. If you are holding onto it at 11pm the night of December 31st, it will bring you to an outside location where I will be standing. Should you arrive at such place, you might learn something you have been wanting to. You may assure your parents (if you tell them) that you will be returned by 2am. Yours, Professor Snape Hermione clutched the letter to her chest and pocketed the coin, her smile threatening to break her face.
Hermione begged off early on New Year's Eve, claiming a headache from too much eggnog. Her parents had been mildly concerned, but they let her retire early. Hermione knew they were likely to fall asleep on the couch just after 10pm themselves, so she wasn't worried about them noticing she was gone. At quarter to 11, Hermione carefully dressed herself. She put on her new casual robes, stashing bluebell flames all over in the pockets, and put on her coat and new cape as well. She suspected learning to fly would be done outside, and it was freezing out. She held herself perfectly still, wand in one hand, the coin in the other, and waited, mentally counting the down the last five minutes in her head. At exactly 11 o'clock, there was a powerful jerk behind her navel, and Hermione was abruptly spinning through the air, spiraling through multicolored nothingness, until she abruptly crashed into the ground. Her stomach roiled, and Hermione fought to keep her supper down. "Happy Christmas, Miss Granger." Hermione looked up to see Professor Snape standing there, looking at her expectantly, a hand extended. Hermione smiled shakily and took his hand, pulling herself up. "Happy Christmas, Professor." Now that she was standing, Hermione shivered in the cold. They were outside, and they were on top of a cliff, it seemed. She could hear waves crashing below them, and the grass beneath her feet blew in the chilly winds. Abruptly, there was a ball of light floating above them, illuminating the area in faint white light, but casting oddly-shaped shadows. Snape's eyes seemed to glow in the dark, and Hermione shivered. "Flying, Miss Granger, is a very difficult practice," he told her quietly. "It is also not widely known. As far as I know, there is only one way that has been discovered, and it was discovered by the Dark Lord." Hermione bit her lip. "Is it dark magic?" Snape scoffed. "No." He paused. "But… it is grey, one might say." Hermione nodded slowly. She'd read about "grey" magic, the raw, elemental magic that did not have strict purpose. Using it was very hard, and generally, only Dark wizards and witches used it. It was the kind of power that fueled spells like Fiendfyre, which summoned a cursed fire as if from Hell. She shivered. She'd never done grey magic before. "We are going to summon an air elemental," Snape told her. "Summoning is not something widely done anymore, and it is not to be spoken of to anyone else. Do you understand?" "Very rare, not to be spoken of. Got it," Hermione said, nodding. "Summoning was covered in the book you loaned me. People consider it largely dark nowadays, don't they?" Snape scowled. "Close-minded morons. Summoning isn't bad, just as it isn't good. It just is. It depends what you do with it, what your purpose is, that makes it light or dark. Come here." He gestured, and Hermione walked to him, seeing that he'd scratched in a rough circle in the ground. "We will summon an air elemental," he told her. "We will then bind it to you. This will give you the potential to fly. Your will will have to subdue and control the air spirit. This will give you mastery over the air." "Bind it to me?" Hermione's eyes went wide. "I- I don't want to- Professor, I don't want to kill anything-!" "An elemental, Miss Granger, is not alive," he told her, sprinkling something white and glowing around the circle. "It is a nature spirit. It alive in the same way a tree is alive, or a flower, or the grass. There is a spirit of sorts in it, but not a soul. There is no consciousness." Snape dusted his hands off, returning to her. "I understand the sentiment behind your objection – you feel as if you will kill something, doing this." He paused, and his eyes glinted in the darkness. "…And yet, you pick flowers without thought, do you not?" Hermione felt uneasy. "But… Professor, this feels different…" "Hermione." Snape gave her a sharp look. "Do you trust me?" That was an easy one. "Yes, sir," she answered truthfully. "Then trust me when I sat that this is not evil. You will not even 'kill' the air elemental. You are binding its power and nature to your own. It will 'live' and grow alongside you." Hermione gnawed on her lip. "…I have to subdue it?" "Even a spirit has a will, Hermione," he told her. "It is not strong, compared to a person, but it exists, though without aim, without consciousness. Once you subdue it, it will assimilate to your power." Hermione nodded. "I understand." Snape gave her a pleased look, and began to explain how the ritual would work. The ritual was incredibly simple, when it came down to it. There were moonstones to encourage the air elemental to emerge, and doing it at the moment of the New Year would help, when hopes and dreams were the freest, and people did not feel as tied down to the earth and reality. Hermione moved to stand at the top point of the triangle within the circle. Snape straddled the triangle to stand on the two other points. The moonstone was in the center of the triangle. Just before midnight, Snape closed his eyes and began to chant, drawing patterns through the air with his hands. Hermione did her best to stand still and remain firm and determined. Snape had assured her that he would do the actual summoning, but that the battle for control would be up to her and her alone. He didn't say what would happen if the air elemental's spirit managed to be stronger and took over her own. Gradually, a light began to manifest in the middle of the triangle. Hermione recognized it as a will-o'-the-wisp. Snape began chanting louder and louder, and abruptly, there was a crack of lightning across the sky, and the light disappeared – into her. AAAAAAAHHHHHHhhhhhhhh! There was immediate, skull-crushing pain, agonizing, and Hermione clutched her head as the screaming in her head went on and on. She could feel the will-o'-the-wisp inside of her, and it wanted out. There was a strong foreign urge to jump off the cliff, to dance along the water's top, to not stay here, to go out and dance. It was overwhelming, this presence without any words, and it was demanding things of her, things that Hermione didn't want to do. Hermione could feel wind rushing in her ears, and she felt like she was spinning around in a vortex. Her eyes were clamped closed, the wind tearing tears from them, and she grit her teeth hard, the physical pain grounding her. I – am – Hermione. Slowly, slowly, she could feel herself forcing the spirit back. She was a person, and she had a body, and she was standing right there, and Professor Snape had faith in her. She was a witch, and she was not going to give in to some stupid glowing ball, and she would make the stupid glowing ball go right there and then– Abruptly, Hermione took in a huge breath of air, her eyes snapping open, and she nearly fell backward, but Snape was there to catch her and keep her upright. "Well done, Miss Granger." Snape's voice was soft, but there was an undercurrent of pride in his tone. "Breathe, now. Just breathe." Hermione continued gasping for air, her head dizzy. She got the sense that she'd been hyperventilating when she was fighting against the air elemental – her chest and throat were heaving and rattling around in weird ways. She forced herself to calm down, taking slow, deep breaths, and her lungs relaxed. "You were fighting that spirit for a long time, Miss Granger," Snape told her. "I was prepared to exorcise it from you the second it dominated you, but you did well." Hermione looked up at his sideways. "Exorcise it?" "Would you have preferred a mindless spirit have control of your body?" Snape smirked at her. "I didn't expect you to succeed. I expected it would take at least two more tries for you to have the strength of will to dominate it." "I had more than one chance?" Hermione felt a flash of indignation, and Snape gave her an oily smile. "If you knew you could try again, would you have fought as hard as you did?" The anger faded as Hermione grudgingly acknowledged his point. "So… it's inside of me, now?" Hermione asked, looking down at herself. "It's part of you," Snape corrected. "Reach down to your power. You should be able to feel it." Reach down to her power? Hermione bit her lip, closed her eyes, and concentrated. She tried to follow the feeling she felt in her arms just before levitating something, tracing it back through her arms until she felt something. Her power felt like a liquid, almost, but like a large cauldron of energy, of just unbound potential. Hermione felt overwhelmed for a moment, just finding this part of herself. She carefully started to explore it, only to feel light, airy bits flowing around inside of it with her own energy. Her eyes snapped open and met Professor Snape's. "I- I can feel it," she told him. Her eyes widened. "I can feel it!" "It is this power, Miss Granger," Snape said, with a small smile, "that you must draw on in order to fly." Hermione frowned. "How?" "The air elemental inside of you already knows how to fly," Snape told her. "Seize hold of that part of yourself. It should be able to guide you. Then, it's a matter of mixing your own power to fuel the flight with the direction of the air elemental." Hermione bit her lip and tried. She reached out internally for the new part of her, the airy part of her, and was surprised to feel it immediately rise to her command. Her unexpressed desire to fly was immediately seized upon, and she could feel herself lift to her tip-toes without really realizing it. Carefully, Hermione fed her power to the air elemental inside of her to help get her off the ground. Immediately, it was too much – she'd lurched into the air maybe a foot, and crashed back down to the ground a moment later. Snape smirked at her and helped her to her feet, eyes gleaming. "You have more potential than I thought," he told her. "Practice this where no one can see. And remember-" "Tell no one," Hermione said, nodding. "I won't." "There will be dire consequences if you do." Hermione bit her lip, before throwing her arms around Snape in an impromptu hug. Snape stumbled backward, before awkwardly patting her head. "Thank you so much, Professor!" Hermione told him. "This is… I'll figure it out! I'll make you proud – really, I will!" Snape's expression softened, and he patted her head again, gently. "Miss Granger, you are already single-handedly assuring that Slytherin will win the House Cup with all the points you earn, and you are doing so in the face of immense prejudice and discrimination. You are at the top of your class in every subject. You are more powerful than any first-year has a right to be, and you have just achieved something that most people will never be able to do." He tipped her chin up to look at him, and his eyes met hers. "Hermione," he said quietly, "I am already proud of you." Her parents had always told her that they were proud of her. They had always been very supportive. A teacher, though – her teachers had always tolerated her questions and grudgingly helped her in her advanced studies. It was something new to have a teacher tell her they were proud of her – especially her Head of House, who she respected so highly (and feared just a little). Hermione felt her eyes start to swim, to her mortification, with the wave of strong emotion that had come at his words. She blinked rapidly, determined to make the tears go away. "Thank you, sir," she said, sniffing slightly as she stepped back. She smiled up at him. "This has been the greatest Christmas present ever." Snape scoffed at that. "I doubt it. I see your new cape," he said eyeing her sideways. "You'll cause drama, showing up with that in the new semester." Hermione grinned and flounced with it. "I know." "Thank you for your gift, as well," he said. "It is more appreciated than you know." Hermione had given him black Muggle sweaters to wear under his robes, as well as dark long johns. She'd explained about the chill of the dungeon in her note to him, and she knew he'd appreciate something practical, pureblood gift-giving rules be damned. "Happy New Year, sir," she told him, smiling up at him as she withdrew the coin he'd given her. He took the coin from her and tapped his wand to it, before handing it back. "Happy New Year, Hermione," he returned, before surprising her by kissing her forehead. "Be careful." A moment later, Hermione was sucked by her navel into a whirlwind storm once again, landing back in her room a minute later, unsteady on her feet. This time, she didn't feel as sick, and she hadn't crashed to the ground, either. As Hermione undressed for bed, she gave her tummy a look in the mirror. She wondered if the air elemental she'd joined with had something to do with it. Deep inside of her, she could feel something glow.
"Hermione!" Hermione was greeted upon her return to King's Cross by Neville hurrying towards her, beaming. Hermione returned his smile. "Neville. Did you have a happy Christmas?" she asked. "Look!" He thrust a small box toward her, which held three small plants. He looked at her for approval, grinning. "I'm growing them," he told her proudly. "They're doing well, even in the winter, and I'm excited to see what will happen to them, being around so much magic now! I read some about them – the aloe one is supposed to be what Muggles use to cure burns. I wonder if it'll be even better with magic infused in it, but we'll have to see." She followed him onto the train as he told her more about his plants. To her surprise, they were joined by Daphne and Blaise, just as the train started to lurch away. Neville's eyes went wide, and Hermione hid her laugh. Daphne was all done up, hair curled and pinned with makeup and all, and she looked very pretty. Daphne was looking directly at Neville, a smile growing on her face. "Hermione," Daphne purred. "You've never introduced me to your friend." Hermione's eyes went wide. Daphne presuming that Hermione had the status to introduce a peer to another peer was quite the compliment, in pureblood society. Though caught off-guard, Hermione smoothly stood, mentally thanking the snooty etiquette guide she had read. "Neville, may I present my dear friend Miss Daphne Greengrass?" Hermione said, gesturing. "Daphne, this is Neville Longbottom." "A pleasure," Daphne said, fluttering her eyelashes at Neville. Neville, to his credit, managed to kiss the back of Daphne's hand, though he went red. "The pleasure is mine, Miss Greengrass," he managed to get out, and Daphne beamed at him. "Just Daphne is fine. What are you working on?" Neville relaxed in the face of a new audience and began talking to Daphne animatedly about Herbology. Daphne seemed to be keeping up, and she kept asking questions, though she fluttered her eyelashes every time she did so. Rolling her eyes and smiling, Hermione sat down and turned to Blaise, who looked just as amused as she. "He's Heir to a Noble House," Blaise said quietly, smirking. "I suspect Daphne got a lecture about doing her duties to her House over the break, and how she needs to start attracting favorable matches." Hermione stifled a laugh. "I'm glad I avoided that one, then. I had a good Christmas, free of pressures like that. How was your holiday?" "It was excellent." Blaise grinned at her. "Did you like your gift?" "I… didn't understand it, to be honest," Hermione admitted. Blaise laughed. "I suspected as much." His eyes gleamed. "Do you have it still?" Obligingly, Hermione opened her trunk, making the compartment quite cramped for a moment while she searched through her things and withdrew it, quickly putting everything else away. She sat down with it on her lap. "You go first," he told her. Hermione rolled her eyes and moved a while pawn forward. To her astonishment, a long moment later, one of the black pawns moved forward as well. Her eyes dashed up to meet his, and he grinned, withdrawing another chess board of his own. "They're linked," he told her. "When you make a move on your board, it shows up on mine, and when I move on mine, it shows up on yours." Hermione stared. She moved another pawn forward, and it moved on Blaise's. Blaise's returning capture was echoed on her own board, and Hermione couldn't suppress a noise of excitement. "I got a shrinking charm applied to them," Blaise told her, "so you can keep this one small on your lap and play Weasley. If you echo the moves I make against you against him, it'll look like you're playing him, but I'll actually be playing him." Hermione was grinning so hard her face hurt. "I could hug you right now, Blaise," she told him, and he laughed. "Save that for when we're in private," he told her, winking, and Hermione laughed. He put his chessboard away. "Now, anyway – explain to me the rules with this game with all the rocks?" The evening of the return from Christmas break was before term officially started. Everyone had spent the afternoon settling back into their dorms and chatting about their Christmas gifts. The few people who had stayed at the school over the break were in their uniforms, but most of the students were out of uniform in casual robes, mostly black. When a second-year boy ran inside, announcing that there was a snowball fight outside, and that the Slytherins needed help, the first years all ran from their common room to their dorms, hurrying to put on their cloaks and gloves. Hermione paused at her wardrobe, immediately seeing the opportunity, and as a smile spread across her face, she wondered just who had started this intra-house snowball fight. She was only a moment after the rest of the Slytherins out the door, and they immediately dove behind the scanty cover that a few third years had managed. It seemed like Gryffindor and Ravenclaw had been already fighting for a while, judging from their battlements, and that Hufflepuff and Slytherin had unexpectedly been drawn into the fight. The Slytherin snow fort was awful – just a giant lump of snow attached to a tree trunk to duck behind. Did wizards not know how to have a proper snowball fight? Hermione stood from her place, looking around, and began snapping out orders. "Pansy, Goyle, start rolling a giant snowball like you're making a snowman. Daphne, Crabbe, do the same on the other side. And Tracey, Millie, make a third. Get them back here as quick as you can. Theo, can you make snowballs? Theo grinned and set about making a stockpile of snowballs. Tracey, Millie, Daphne, Crabbe, and Goyle immediately obeyed her orders, starting to push snow around, and, with a scowl shot her way, even Pansy joined in, helping to keep Goyle's snow pile from getting too messy or not round. Hermione was surprised to see Pansy outside participating at all, actually. She supposed Pansy might have just been swept up in the excitement by the others. Some of the third years caught on, seeing the idea behind Hermione's commands. One of the third years echoed her orders, and soon, there were several large snowballs around the original fortification. At Hermione's instruction, they were ordered next to each other, loose snow packed between them. Hermione took the next set and levitated them on top of the original set, stacking them fairly high, before giving the order to secure them with more snow and carve out merlons atop the snow, telling others to bring back yet more giant snowballs to make the sides of the fort. Having done that, Hermione slumped down against the snow embankment, dizzy. A third year came over, looking down at her, but he looked impressed. "That was a lot of snow you levitated," he said, crouching down. "Snow isn't light." "I'm well aware," Hermione panted. "Hence, the exhaustion." She gestured to herself, and the boy laughed. "You're… what, a 2nd year?" Hermione shook her head, and the boy's eyes widened. "You're a 1st year? Nice. That's impressive magic." "Do you know a spell to carve a brick pattern into the wall?" Hermione asked him, changing the topic. "The more intimidating our snow fort looks, the better." The boy grinned and hauled her to her feet. Hermione slipped a little, before stabilizing. "I don't, but I know who will," he told her. "I'm Adrian Pucey, by the way." "Hermione Granger," she told him, and he nodded and ran away. Hermione took a few deep breaths and analyzed the situation. The Slytherin fort was directly across from the Gryffindor fort, which seemed to be a very large heap of snow that they ducked behind. To their right was the Ravenclaw fort, which was a large wall of snow built between two trees. It left them vulnerable to attacks from the side but provided a fairly good defense from the front. The Hufflepuffs were a distance away on their left, and they didn't have much of a fort yet – they seemed to try to be expanding off a snowman that they were currently ducking behind. Most of them didn't seem to care and were laughing and hurling snowballs willy-nilly, which made Hermione grin. Turning inward, Hermione tried to feel her power reserves to see if she'd exhausted herself. To her surprise, she hadn't used nearly as much power as she thought she had – either that, or it was regenerating quickly. She'd never checked to see if power came back quickly – she'd always just gone to sleep after draining herself. The air elemental that was part of her was there too, dancing. Hermione could feel it playing in the power inside of her. She looked at the Gryffindors, who were launching a direct assault against the Slytherins, taking advantage of their preoccupation with defense, and an idea occurred. She hadn't had much luck with this spell yet (it was a 3rd year spell), but maybe this time… She whipped her wand towards the snow in the middle of the field before them, between her and the Gryffindors. "Ventus!" Immediately, the spell was different. Instead of a weak gust of wind, there was a sense of glee running through her and escaping through her wand, and a gale of wind blew up, blowing the loose snow up in front of the Gryffindors' faces in a localized blizzard. The Gryffindors yelled and ran back, hiding behind their embankment or fleeing in the face of the snow, and Hermione laughed aloud, the thrill of the spell coursing through her. Gradually she ended the spell, feeling for her magic as she did. The air elemental inside her was dancing with joy, and she could almost feel it spinning her magic out of her into the charm. As she consciously pulled back her energy, as if lowering something she was levitating, the air elemental sent out less and less. When the spell was finished, Hermione looked upon her work and burst out laughing. The Gryffindors were all snow-encrusted and looked like abominable snowmen. The Weasley twins let out a roar and immediately unleashed a torrent of snowballs at her, and she shrieked and ducked down behind the Slytherin snow castle, still laughing. Blaise was laughing next to her, grinning as he quickly made more snowballs. It seemed that the Slytherin Chasers were the ones throwing them – they had the best aim of the group. "That was incredible!" he told her. "I've never seen someone do that before!" "That was impressive magic," Pucey told her, emerging from the side of the rapidly-growing fort. "I didn't think Ventus could do that." He grinned at her, and she grinned back, pleased, before remembering herself and standing up again, taking evaluation of the fort. "We need taller walls on the sides," she directed Crabbe and Goyle, who were returning with more snowballs. "Stack them on top of each other and join them to the rest of the fort. Who's been shaving the sides?" "Me." Draco Malfoy emerged from seemingly nowhere, catching Hermione off-guard. "Ah – good. Let's get these side walls done as quick as we can. I've got an idea for solidifying it, but it'd be better if we have a solid three walls before we try it." "Got it." Draco nodded at her and turned to do just that. "Oi, Granger!" Distracted, Hermione looked to the side. She ducked to dodge a snowball and stood again, only to see Anthony Goldstein standing at the side of the Ravenclaw encampment, grinning. Even from this distance, she could see the mischievous spark in his eyes. Hermione smirked. She knew what he was about. "Goldstein," Hermione returned. She smirked widely. "Nice fort." It was a lie. The Ravenclaws' wall was thicker now, with slits to throw through, but it was still just a wall. Anthony grinned at the barb. "Nice cape," he tossed back. "Give us a twirl?" Laughing, Hermione twirled, her cape spinning out from her slightly. "It's very warm," she said, smiling. "I'd say wearing that's almost cheating," Anthony accused playfully, his voice loud enough to carry. "It's got an Impervius Charm woven into it. Can the snow even touch you?" Hermione laughed. "If it can't, it's your fault!" She threw a snowball at him, and Anthony laughed and ducked, and the fight was back on. Hermione quickly ducked back behind the wall of snow that was quickly becoming a solid fortification as the Ravenclaws turned their assault toward the Slytherins. Her eyes scanned around for the oldest boys she could find. She settled for Adrian and his friend, who were carving out the top of the left side of the fort. "I have an idea," she said. "We need to go outside the fort for it to work, but it'll be great if we can do it." She quickly explained her thought. Adrian's smile grew, while his friend looked thoughtful. "We'll need a guard to protect us while we do it," he said. "Not a problem," Adrian said promptly. He turned. "Flint!" A large boy bounded over, panting. He looked much older than most of the students playing. "What?" he demanded. "We need you to do a single-man assault with the snow outside the fort as we slowly go across the front and freeze it to solid ice," Adrian told him. "Do you think you can do that?" Marcus gave him a look, before grinning. It was a frightening grin, with pointed teeth and a malicious-looking snaggletooth – a grin her parents would have had conniptions at. "Let's do it," he said. "It's only snow." It was with great delicacy that they began their mission, starting on the Hufflepuff side of the fort, where the smallest threat was present. The boy Hermione didn't know would cast a water spell, followed nearly immediately by Adrian casting a freezing spell, and the snow on the outside of the fort would freeze to ice. Hermione stood behind them, holding her cape up as a shield, while Marcus roared in front of them, loosing snowballs at anyone that targeted them. They fell into a rhythm quickly, cast-freeze, cast-freeze. Hermione was pleased to see that the brick pattern Draco had set into the fort froze into it as well, making the fort even more impressive. It looked like an actual fort. The Gryffindor side was challenging, and Marcus never stopped hurling snowballs the entire time, calling for backup from the fort several times. They made it across, though, and finished up on the Ravenclaw side, where the Ravenclaws immediately realized what they were doing. "Why bother?" Terry Boot yelled out to her, as Hermione was dusting herself off. "If you keep it made of snow, it only gets stronger as more snowballs hit it." Hermione tossed her hair, though it was admittedly very damp at this point. "Slytherins take pride in appearance," she told them with a smirk. "Did you think we'd be satisfied with anything less than a castle?" With the fort complete, all the Slytherins were able to focus on making snowballs and throwing them. Some of the older students began jinxing theirs to turn to ice and hurled them at the others' forts, deliberately trying to crack and weaken them. Hermione stood in the back, trying to catch her breath from all the excitement. She patted her flushed cheeks with her cold gloved hands, marveling that it was an odd experience to feel so cold and yet so hot at the very same time. As she turned to return to the battle, she paused, her gaze catching Draco's. He was staring at her, his face a mask of stone. Hermione blinked, before turning, only to meet Blaise's considering gaze and Theo's intense one. As she glanced around, Pansy, Tracey, and Daphne were all casting her looks as well. Hermione bit her lip and hid her discomfort, quickly returning to helping the others demolish the Gryffindor fort.
After a shower, Hermione joined the other Slytherins at dinner, where there was a cheerful discussion of the snowball fight, the superiority of the Slytherin fort over the other Houses', and gifts people had gotten over Yule. The boys of the house were praising the ingenuity of freezing the fort to ice and shaping it like a castle, while the many of the girls were sniffing and talking about their presents instead. The first years were discussing their gifts, having all been present for the snowball fight. "I got small things from everyone, but nothing special," Tracey said with a sigh. "Anyone get anything… exciting?" "Greg Goyle sent me a scarf," Millicent admitted. "I haven't decided whether not to wear it yet." "That'd be a terrible slight if you didn't wear it at least once," Pansy said snidely. Millie made a face. "I know." "Cassius sent me a cloak," Daphne said smugly. "It's a beautiful emerald green. The note said it reminded him of my eyes." The girls all murmured appreciatively, Tracey letting out a whistle. "Cassius Warrington?" Tracey asked. "That good-looking guy in 3rd year?" "Exactly." "I'm not surprised," Blaise Zabini cut in. "Christmas is the first chance to offer any gifts of intent. You're a catch, Greengrass – I'm surprised you didn't get more gifts of courting intent." Daphne colored prettily, while Pansy sneered. "And did you get any gifts of courting intent?" she snarked. There was a collective "oooooo" at the jab, but Blaise just gave her a grin. "If I had, it'd be more than you got, wouldn't it?" he smirked. Pansy's face turned murderous, and Tracey quickly turned to Hermione. "What about you?" Tracey said, a glint in her eye. "Anything special?" Hermione considered for a moment, somewhat uncomfortable. "Oh! Ron didn't get me anything," Hermione finally said, smirking. Tracey blinked. "And that's… good? That's a terrible slight." She looked uneasy. "Aren't you supposed to be his friend?" "Oh, I got him a gift – a really nice one, too," Hermione told her. "He'll look ungrateful and selfish, not giving me something when I gave him something so nice. It's a better gift than any lame present he would actually give me, believe me." "I don't know how much Gryffindor keeps with formal gift-giving traditions, but that will shame him amongst those of us who know better," Daphne said. "Good. Downfall to Weasley." She said it so casually, just 'downfall to Weasley', that Hermione had to struggle not to laugh. "I got a full potions set," Theo said, offering Hermione a smirk. "A complete one, not a student kit. It's really nice." Hermione's eyes lit. "With all the standard ingredients?" "And then some." He grinned. "More importantly, however, is Hermione's other gift business," Daphne said, giving Hermione a sly grin. "I understand Anthony Goldstein sent you a cape?" Hermione could sense the air at the table change. She was careful to keep her face carefree and easy, though she felt uncomfortable. Being the center of attention in this way... she wasn't used to this. "He did," she said. "He also sent an invitation to his family's formal Christmas party. It coincided with my own family's party, however, so I was forced to decline." Daphne exchanged a look with Theo, and Theo whistled. "Someone's moving fast," Theo commented, eyes wide. "We're in first year." "Daphne got a cloak from Warrington," Hermione pointed out. "It's not like I'm the only one." "Yes, but…" Theo trailed off, looking uneasy. "Daphne's… the Greengrass name is very well-known. It's practically expected she'd get gifts of intent before she'd debuted just as a way to curry favor with her house. It's not quite the same." "I certainly didn't get an invitation to his house, either," Daphne cut in. "Goldstein's trying desperately to do anything that might elevate his house," Pansy said, adding herself back to the conversation. She wrinkled her nose. "They're fairly well regarded, but gold and a famous grandmother only gets you so far." "That shows guts, to gamble on an unknown like you," Tracey said, grinning at Hermione. "He must really like you." "Or it's a gesture to show that he's openly looking for matches," Pansy sniped. "He's one generation from being considered a pureblood again, if he marries pure. Hermione would… well…" She trailed off, sniffing, and Hermione's eyes hardened. "A New Blood is the purest type of pureblood there is, gifted by Magic itself," Hermione said, fighting to keep her voice even. "If you can't see that, you're an idiot. But you'll see – we'll all see whose magic wins out in the end." She rose and swept over to the Gryffindor table, taking deep breaths. She left the Slytherins behind her, knowing some of them were watching her. She stored Pansy's remark away in her mind – she'd have to retaliate somehow. She couldn't just let the insult stand. "Harry," she said, pasting a cheerful smile onto her face. "Happy Christmas! How was it for you?" Harry smiled genuinely at her. "Hermione! Thanks for the frogs. I had a good Christmas, actually. Quite a few presents more than I expected, though." Hermione laughed. "You've made quite a few friends, Harry. Surely it wasn't that surprising." "Maybe." Harry grinned at her, and Hermione smiled. "Thanks for the Sugar Quills," she told him. "How was Christmas at the castle?" Hermione was careful to stay focused on Harry, who was telling her all about the small Christmas dinner there had been, sitting with the teachers and pulling Christmas crackers. Out of her peripheral vision, she could see Ron getting steadily more and more red, looking deeper and deeper into his dinner and his cup. When Harry started telling her about the other gifts he'd gotten, Ron looked more and more uncomfortable. "Ron," Neville said, looking at him. "What'd you get Hermione? I know Harry got her sugar quills. I saw that classic Cannons photobook she got you – it's really nice. What'd you give her?" Hermione mentally thanked the stars for a friend like Neville Longbottom. Ron muttered something unintelligible, sinking deeper into his dinner, and Neville gave him a confused look, before looking to Hermione. He nodded to Ron and shrugged, a confused expression on his face, and Hermine shrugged back at him. Neville rolled his eyes. "What did he get you, Hermione?" Neville asked. "I'm hoping no one beat my raven quills." Hermione laughed. "The quills are wonderful," she said, smiling. "Thank you again for them." Neville grinned. "You're welcome," he said. "So… Ron?" he prompted. "What'd he give you?" Ron sank further into his chair, and Hermione allowed an uncomfortable expression to come onto her face as she looked away, silently demurring. An incredulous expression came across Neville's face, and a shocked one on Harry's. "He… he didn't give you anything?" Neville said. His tone was quiet, almost horrified. Hermione visibly bit her lip and looked away. "Ron!" Harry chastised. "You didn't give Hermione anything? Not even one of your mom's sweaters?" "Definitely not a sweater," Ron mumbled into his food, glaring around at the table. "You didn't give Hermione a gift for Yule?" Neville said sharply. "You rebuffed her in that way? After all she's done for you?" Ron looked deeply uncomfortable. "It's just a present," he muttered. "I didn't know what to get a girl." "Did you know what to get a friend?" Neville demanded. He sounded angry, and Hermione was taken aback by his ire. "You just decided instead of asking for help, that you would get her nothing?" Harry was looking somewhat taken aback by this turn of events as well – Neville was usually a quiet and friendly person. It was almost frightening to see him so angry. Seamus and Dean were listening in now too, as were the Weasley twins. "I can't believe you just slighted her like that," Neville said, shaking his head. "And she went to the trouble to give you something so nice-! And you gave her nothing." "It's not like Hermione cares about slighting and gift rules," Ron retorted. "It's not such a big deal that you're making it." "Not a big deal-? Ron, she's in Slytherin. She's a New Blood, which is the most pure of purebloods ever. Of course she follows the guidelines of gift-giving!" Neville looked really angry now, and Hermione felt uncomfortable. She had figured she'd need to pretend to be uncomfortable and hurt by Ron's rebuff; it'd never occurred to her that someone else might be angry on her behalf. "I can't believe you," Neville said angrily. He slammed his hands on the table, making Ron jump, and he stood up. He came over to Hermione, bowed slightly, and extended his arm to her. "If I might have the privilege of escorting you back to your common room, Miss Granger?" he asked, his back ramrod straight. Hermione could practically feel people's stares on her back. Hermione recognized what he was doing – he was solidifying his support of her being a woman of quality or of pure blood, a woman to be respected, in the face of Ron's obvious insult. Even recognizing his gesture, though, it felt odd, but kind of nice, in a way. Hermione nodded silently and got to her feet, taking Neville's arm. They swept from the hall with their heads held high. Hermione was quietly impressed with Neville's posture and confidence. She'd never seen him act in such a noble way before. After the doors to the Great Hall closed behind them, Neville slumped, turning to Hermione with anxious eyes. "I am so, so sorry for Ron, Hermione!" Neville said, wringing his hands. "I don't- Ron's an idiot. He still thinks of you as a Muggle-born, and doesn't think things through, and he probably legitimately didn't think that you were expecting the gift of a friend from him. I am so, so sorry. But please know that- Harry and I, we respect you and value you, and Ron- Ron's just an idiot, Hermione, and he probably still considers you a friend-" "Neville," Hermione said gently, interrupting. "It's okay." Neville looked up at her. "It is?" "It is," Hermione confirmed. "Ron's behavior is no reflection on you or Harry. I am happy to call you friends. Ron's folly is his own." Neville nodded slowly, straightening his back, before starting down the corridor with her once more. It was an odd walk; Neville was clearly trying to lead her, but he didn't know where he was going. Hermione had to nudge him and crowd his feet with her own to guide him in the direction of the correct dungeon. "I don't know what his issue is," Neville confessed, looking at his feet. "I mean… it's not that Muggle-borns aren't as powerful as purebloods, or anything like that. I'm no blood purist. But you're in the top of the class, and crazy powerful. If you say it's because you've been touched by Magic, I mean, it makes sense…" Hermione had the odd feeling of realizing that Neville believed her. He believed she was New Blood, that she had been directly touched by Magic. Hermione didn't remember ever telling Neville that, so he would have had to have heard the rumor on the grapevine from someone else, but he believed it, and he was treating her how a pureblood princess would be treated in a formal situation because of it. It felt… different. Hermione bit her lip. She often thought back to meeting the blonde girl, Luna, in the bookstore, when she uttered her prophecy. She thought back to the Sorting Hat, and what it had whispered into her mind. Hermione didn't even know if New Blood was actually a thing. It felt like Hermione was making it up and defining it as she went along, and it was disconcerting to realize that someone believed what so often felt like lies. "It's okay, Neville," Hermione said gently. She stopped turning to him. "Thank you for walking me back to the common room." Neville blinked and looked around. They were in an empty dungeon hallway. Hermione gave him a patient look as he realized that the Slytherin common room entrance must be hidden, and he hurriedly bobbed her a short bow. "Ah- yes. Have a good evening, Hermione," he said. "The same to you," Hermione said, nodding. "Thank you for saving me in there." Neville puffed up at her thanks, and he looked proud as he strode back out of the hallway. Hermione waited until he was firmly out of sight before going deeper into the dungeons, taking two more turns, and quietly murmuring the password to the common room and going in. The Ravenclaws might not mind visitors, and everyone knew that the Gryffindor House was behind the portrait of the Fat Lady on the 7th floor, but the Slytherins weren't about to advertise where they resided – especially not with the vitriol against them. Hermione was surprised to see Draco inside, standing in the middle of an empty common room. "Draco," she said, startled. "I thought you were at dinner." Draco's eyes met hers. The silver seemed like liquid. "Goldstein gave you a cape," he said. Hermione froze. Understanding flooded Hermione's mind, and she nodded, careful not to betray anything. "He did," she said steadily. His gaze bore into hers. "You wore it," he said. "In public." "It was a gift of favor," Hermione said carefully. "To rebuff such a gift without cause would be an insult to his family and earn me a foe. I have no reason to quarrel with the Goldstein family, so I showed my gratitude." Draco considered this, nodding slowly. "And you wore it as soon as you could, so people would see," he said, watching her. "Getting the acknowledgement out of the way." Hermione didn't say anything while Draco thought. His eyes abruptly snapped back to hers, sharpening. "You're wearing your scarf," he said. "And the pin." Hermione shifted uncomfortably. She was wearing them. The scarf was incredibly soft, and it helped keep her neck and torso warm in the cold of the dungeons. She'd worn it over her dress like a wrap or stole, and it was nice to have. Most of her classmates had similar scarves (though not made of cashmere), so no one had commented. The pin was harder to excuse. She… she had just wanted to, really. It was so pretty, and why not? Why shouldn't she wear such a pin? "I am," Hermione said finally. She looked up at him. "And?" Draco's eyes seemed molten. "The dragon you gave me is exquisite," he said, abruptly changing the subject. "Where did you get it?" Hermione relaxed slightly, smiling. "I can't tell you that, now, can I?" she said. "Then you'd be able to find the store and get whatever you wanted from it, and I'd have nothing left to send you as gifts." Draco's lips twitched, and he smirked. "I have been told I am hard to buy for," he drawled, and Hermione laughed. "I'm glad you like it," she said, impish. "I tried hard to find the perfect thing." Draco looked surprised. "You did?" "Well, of course," she said, shrugging. "I couldn't just get you anything. It had to be… special, somehow." Draco took a half-step closer to her. His eyes met hers again, and Hermione swallowed. "Why?" he murmured. "Why did mine have to be special?" His voice was lower, and there was something breathier about it. Hermione shivered. "I don't know," she challenged him, tilting up her chin. "Why was mine in an empty jewelry box?" Draco reared back, his eyes ablaze. He looked angry for a moment, before grinding his teeth and calming down. "You know why," he grit out. "I don't," Hermione said flatly. "To send an empty jewelry box could mean you don't think I'm worthy of ever receiving such things, with the House regalia a cruel jeer to point out where else I don't belong." Draco looked struck, then upset. "You're not that… you know that isn't it, Hermione," he said. "You know that I…" He looked like he was doing his best to hide his emotions. Hermione swallowed her own. "Or…" she said carefully. "Or?" he prompted, a ghost of hope on his face. "Or, it could mean you wanted to send jewelry, but did not for some reason," she said. "Your gifts… though perfectly acceptable for acquaintances, they're nicer than the standard uniform wear, and…" She swallowed again. "And?" "And they're clothing and jewelry, of sorts," she said carefully. She looked up at him. "Clothing and jewelry that I could wear, and no one would know it was a favor, if it was." Draco's eyes darkened. "Will you wear it, Hermione?" "Of course," Hermione said immediately. "The scarf is incredibly soft and warm, and I really like it." Draco rolled his eyes, a faint smirk on his lips. "Always the practical one," he murmured. "And the pin…?" Hermione hesitated. The pin was undeniably special, and something no one else had. And, being that finely wrought, it had to count as jewelry, even if it was not. "Perhaps," Hermione murmured back, biting her lip. "Perhaps I will." Draco's face slowly softened, relaxing in its intensity. He gave her a smile, a real, brilliant smile, and Hermione was caught off-guard by how happy and how handsome he looked in that moment. "Good," he said. "Good…" He trailed off, looking like he was going to say something more, but the common room door opened, the rest of their house spilling in after dinner. The babble of other students pushed them apart and separated them, and Hermione let herself be carried away from him. Draco's eyes were still fixed on hers, and Hermione wasn't quite sure how that made her feel. "Hermione!" Hermione turned to see Blaise grinning at her. "You want to test out those chess boards?" he asked her. "After that scene tonight, I figure you'll want to cream Weasley as soon as you can." With a last glance back at Draco, Hermione turned to Blaise and nodded, moving toward the chairs and small table by the entrance that they usually claimed. He smirked. "That was quite the scene back there," he told her. "You should have seen it. The one Gryffindor girl, Lavender Brown, she just about read Weasley the riot act. He'll be ostracized within his house for a while, now, even with all the half-bloods and whatnot not knowing the gift-giving traditions." "Good," Hermione said. She sniffed. "He deserves it." "He does. Foe to House Slytherin, and all that," Blaise said casually, shooting her a grin. He withdrew his tiny chess set from a pocket and enlarged it, and Hermione pulled hers from a pocket within her cloak. "Ready to lose?" "I suppose," Hermione sighed. She smirked. "Though, hopefully for the last time, now." Blaise grinned, and they set about playing an odd game of chess, Hermione doing her best to hide her moves on the small chess set on her lap, while Blaise played on his. It was odd and felt weird, but it was definitely working – the sets stayed connected, even when small. "So when do you want to do this?" Blaise said, moving his king. "It'll have to be a night when we're both free." "Soon," Hermione said, picturing the giant chessboard that lay deep beneath the school. "As soon as we can."
With Blaise helping her, Hermione knew she couldn't return to her usual habit of attempting the 3rd floor corridor during Quidditch – it would be immediately apparent she was up to something that wasn't beating Ron in chess. She had to choose an evening when she didn't think the teachers would be paying much attention to her. Hermione picked her day with care. Attempting the obstacle course had begun feeling like running the gauntlet somewhere along the way. She chose a Tuesday night. First year Slytherins had Astronomy that night, so if the teachers saw her lurking around, they'd be more apt to excuse her, though she'd still have to avoid Filch. With a bit of help from Neville, she'd procured catnip and dropped it on the first floor, near the stairs to the kitchens. Hopefully, that would keep Mrs. Norris (and Filch) occupied for a while, but she'd need to be careful anyway. She was lucky – no one was around, and she slipped once again into the forbidden 3rd floor corridor, immediately activating the music wand. Fluffy began to slump, and stark horror hit Hermione's mind. He was directly over the trap door. Options flew across her mind. She could try to levitate him off the trap door – she could try again later – she could stop the wand – She didn't have much time. Holding her wand in her right hand, and taking the music wand in her left, she whispered a word. Slowly, the music faded into silence, echoing about in the large chamber. Hermione stood still at the far side of the chamber, watching. Fluffy sniffed and shook all three heads, as if clearing them, before sniffing deeply, turning to face her, and beginning to growl. Shivers raced up Hermione's spine, and she crouched low to the ground. With a bark, Fluffy leapt at her, covering the distance of the room in one bound. Hermione screamed and threw herself to the left, narrowly dodging one of the heads. The end of her robes got caught in his mouth and tore, and Hermione frantically activated the music wand as she ran to the other side of the room. Almost immediately, there was a soft whine, and Hermione turned, ready, to see the beast slowly slumping to the ground once again. When there was the soft 'thump' of his body hitting the floor, Hermione finally relaxed, before angrily stalking over and snatching the piece of fabric from her robes from his mouth. "Stupid dog," she muttered, pocketing it as she opened the trap door. Angry, Hermione looked down into the darkness. She really didn't feel like using her rope this time, though she'd brought it. It just took so long, and the Devil's Snare was enough to cushion her at the bottom, and so long as she kept her wand firmly in her hand, she'd be fine. Unless they had changed the obstacle… Hermione snorted. If they had started changing obstacles now, the entire challenge would be monumentally unfair. Chalking it up to being around Harry and his cheerful impulsivity too much, she leapt into the darkness, unafraid. The fall and landing on the Devil's Snare wasn't nearly as bad as she'd thought, and Hermione managed to burn her way through and fall to the ground with a satisfactory crash quickly, though she was wincing. She'd probably see a bruise on her leg the next day for that one. Picking Flitwick's lock went quicker this time, now that she'd had a bit of experience with it, but it still took a while. Hermione mentally crossed her fingers, hoping Blaise would chalk up the delay to making necessary small talk with the Gryffindors before starting a chess game. Finally, the last tumbler clicked, and Hermione stumbled into the next room. The large chess board with tall, faceless pieces was just as intimidating as it was last time. There were sconces burning on the walls, throwing shadows into the corners of the room, and Hermione tried to take deep, calming breaths. She could feel her heart racing a mile a minute. Biting her lip, Hermione stepped forward. Figuring she'd try the obvious just to be sure, she tried to walk across the board, only to have the pawns block her way with large, intimidating spears. With a sigh, Hermione retreated to the black side of the board, considering, before tapping the black king. The faceless king turned toward her, and Hermione held out her hand expectantly. "I want to play king," she informed the large block of stone. After a long moment, the black king handed her a heavy obsidian crown that glinted in the torchlight and retreated to the side of the board. Hermione settled the heavy crown onto her head, though it didn't fit well and kept slipping. With a groan, she pulled her hair up into a high ponytail to help stabilize it. If she had to do this again, she'd be sure to bring hair clips to attach the damn thing to her head – she didn't intend on dropping it and forfeiting the match by accident. When she was done fussing with the crown, she realized that white had moved. One of its pawns had slid across the board. Hermione pulled the small chess board from her bag, grateful the pieces stuck to the board, and moved the same white pawn on her own set. The three minutes she waited before a black pawn moved in response had her worriedly scanning the room for a chess clock. She breathed a sigh of relief, before ordering the same black pawn forward on the giant game. Chess took a while like this, but Hermione was happily in no hurry. The beginning moves claimed territory on the board, and when a white knight took a black pawn, smashing it into large chunks of stone and a cloud of rock dust, Hermione was glad she'd had the foresight to play as the king. The king was never captured – only knocked over by its own color player at the end, if it lost. As the game went on, Hermione got more nervous. As far she could tell, the game was close. Each color had lost a similar number of pieces, and the white queen was moving around with nearly terrifying speed as it demolished black's pawns. Black moved on her small chessboard, and there was a commotion, and Hermione saw that a pawn had grown into another black queen, giving her two. Hermione grinned, and made the same order. The promotion of the pawn made a spectacle. The black statue grew and warped before her eyes, like the fast-forwarded growth of a flower, and the queen the pawn made looked different than the other queen, somehow. Almost… younger? Hermione shook her head at her silliness at thinking one faceless statue looked younger than the other, and she returned her attention to the white queen demolishing her rook in retaliation instead. It was only a few moves later that Blaise (and Hermione, by association) had managed to checkmate white with two queens and a knight, and the white king threw its crown at Hermione's feet. With a squee, Hermione picked it up (another heavy stone piece). She looked back at her own pieces, but there was no indication of anything one way or another. Taking a deep breath, Hermione strode across the room – but this time, nothing tried to stop her. At the far end, she stepped confidently off the chessboard, grinning. She'd made it. She took the black crown off her head, carefully disentangling it from her curls. She looked at the white crown too, thoughtfully, before stashing them both in her bag. She might need them on her way back through to prove her victory. Standing back up and hefting her bag onto her back, she paused at the door, sniffing. Something… Something smelled awful. In fact… Very, very slowly, Hermione pulled open the door to the other room, opening it just the slightest crack. It was a troll. Carefully, Hermione closed the door again, eyes wide, and began to consider her options. The troll she'd faced at Halloween had nearly killed her, and she had had help, then. This was a challenge that she didn't know how to handle – was this really possible for a first year to beat? Hermione sat there, thinking. What did she know about trolls? Trolls were slow and stupid, she knew. Trolls were also flammable, and often carried big sticks. In myth, exposing them to sunlight would turn them to stone. And… And nothing. That was it. Hermione found herself wishing she had learned how to fly by now. She'd give anything to be able to soar across the room, safely out of reach. Hermione carefully peeked into the room again. The troll seemed bored, sitting against one side of the room on the ground, picking at its navel. It removed something from it, considered it, and ate it, and Hermione suppressed her resulting wave of nausea. It… didn't seem like it was angry, or like it was actively guarding anything. Was there a chance she could sneak by it? Or would it sniff her out, and subsequently murder her? There had to be a way a first-year could beat this obstacle, Hermione thought furiously. She'd come this far – she wasn't about to back down now! From the ruddy green skin and scraggly brownish-green hair of the troll, it had to be a forest troll, which provided some comfort. Mountain trolls, the kind that Hermione had faced in the bathroom, were the most aggressive of all trolls, so this troll would at least be less hell-bent on murdering her. Though, it would still want to murder her. "First year spells, first year spells," Hermione muttered to herself, rapidly running backwards through their coursework. "Incendio, but then everyone would know someone was here. What else, what else, what else… got it!" Before she could talk herself out of it, she aimed a quick Alohomora at the far door just in case, then ran into the troll room with a loud cry, pushing all the power she could through her wand. "Lumos!" Immediately, her wand lit up like a spotlight, and the troll cried out, blinded, and tried to cover its eyes. Hermione sprinted across the room, threw open the door and ran through it, slamming it shut behind her as fast as she could. There was a sudden whoosh behind her, but Hermione sat down hard on the ground, panting, as soon as she saw there wasn't any immediate threat. Black flames shot up in the doorway leading forward. Uneasily, Hermione looked behind her, only to see purple flames in the threshold. She looked around the room, but it was obvious there were only two doorways. She was trapped. Steeling herself, Hermione stood up. All that was in the room was a long, thin table, with seven differently-shaped bottles lined up on it. There was a scroll on the table, next to the bottles. With anxiety slowly filtering into her mind, Hermione picked the scroll up and began to read. Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind, Two of us will help you, whichever you would find, One among us seven will let you move ahead, Another will transport the drinker back instead, Two among our number hold only nettle wine, Three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line. Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore, To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four: First, however slyly the poison tries to hide You will always find some on nettle wine's left side; Second, different are those who stand at either end, But if you would move onward, neither is your friend; Third, as you see clearly, all are different size, Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides; Fourth, the second left and the second on the right Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight. Incredibly, Hermione found herself smiling. It was a logic puzzle. A logic puzzle. Most wizards didn't seem to have an ounce of logical reasoning skills, and they'd be stuck here forever. But a smart wizard could progress without difficulty. It was brilliant. How very Snape-like of Snape. Hermione had brought along her entire potions kit in preparation for Snape's challenge. She'd even taken a collapsible cauldron from an old Potions classroom she'd found in the dungeons. She had been fully prepared to brew whatever impossibly challenging thing Snape had set forth for her, only to see this. Amusedly, Hermione set about solving the puzzle. It didn't take long. The smallest bottle would get her through the black flame. She took note – the round bottle on the end would get her back through the purple, if she had to come back the same way she came. As she picked up the small bottle, she hesitated. She did have her testing strips with her. Would Snape be so devious as to claim the bottles were one thing, but put something else in them? …yes. Yes, he would. The small bottle had very little liquid in it, and Hermione was uneasy about testing it. Instead, she set about testing for poison and nettle wine, to make sure she was correct. To her pleasure, each strip turned the color she was hoping for – meaning she'd located the poisons correctly, and there was no danger in drinking the small bottle. With five of the seven correlating to what the puzzle claimed they were, Hermione felt confident enough to try. She drained the bottle, shuddering as a feeling of ice flooded her body. Putting the bottle down, she stepped forward into the black fire, and it was with relief realized she couldn't feel the flames licking her body, and then she was through. What an interesting potion, Hermione mused. She wondered how Snape had made it, and what kind of flames burned black. This chamber was very large, but it seemed empty. There weren't any other doors on the wall, and there were just stairs leading down toward the middle. As Hermione descended, she realized there was something there – a mirror. Hermione carefully approached the mirror from the side. She'd read Alice Goes Through the Looking-Glass as a child, and she had no intentions of getting trapped anywhere. The mirror was tall and gilded, with a golden frame and two clawed feet. There were words engraved along the top, that Hermione carefully leaned over to make out. After a moment, with a frown, she dug out parchment and a self-inking quill from her bag, marking down the words. Erised stra ehru oy tube cafru oyt on woshi Hermione put her quill away and frowned at the paper. She didn't recognize this language at all, and she could at least recognize most European languages, though not read or speak them. She stared at the words, slowly growing more and more frustrated. She had been trying to beat this obstacle course for months. She'd faced down Fluffy, escaped the Devil's Snare, beaten the flying keys, played the chess game, evaded the troll, and walked through fire. She'd obsessed over this for months. And now this stupid mirror was standing in her way? "Why not?" Hermione said to herself. She stood up, her head held high. "It will all end here anyway." Determined, Hermione moved and stood directly in front of the mirror, glaring defiantly. She saw herself, glaring defiantly back, and Hermione relaxed, realizing that she wasn't going to be sucked in. The girl in the mirror relaxed too, then smiled, and Hermione tensed – she hadn't smiled. The Hermione in the mirror looked amused and was smiling at her. Hermione watched as her reflection put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood-red stone. She watched as the mirror-Hermione winked, and put its hand back into its pocket – and as it did, Hermione felt something heavy drop into her real pocket. "What on earth…?" Hermione stepped to the side of the mirror to investigate. She pulled out the same blood-red stone her reflection had held in the mirror. It seemed made of an opaque glass, mostly smooth with oddly jagged edges. It fit comfortably in her palm. Hermione stared at it. "What…?" This was the last room. This was absolutely the last room – there were no doorways to anywhere else. So this rock was her prize? Or had someone else beaten her here, a Gryffindor, perhaps, and left this red rock for her to find as a symbol of victory? Hermione made a face. If so, what a rude thing to do. It would be just like a Gryffindor to do it, though. Hermione weighed her options carefully. If this was the prize, presumably it was valuable (somehow) and a good prize, even if she didn't understand it. Or, if this was the prize, Dumbledore would ask who held it on the last day, and she would present it at the feast, and she'd win something in front of her peers there. Or, lastly, someone had beaten her here, and she'd found someone's calling card. Hermione scowled and tried to think if there was any indication anyone else had been through the obstacle course. Fluffy was unhurt, but that meant nothing – he was easy enough to avoid with music most of the time. Devil's Snare grew back quickly after being burned. None of Flitwick's keys had looked damaged, but there was no way to tell if someone else had picked the lock. She presumed that McGonagall's chess pieces would reform themselves after the game, like any other wizard's chess set, and she was guessing Snape's bottles probably refilled themselves as well. The only other clue was the troll, which hadn't seemed to sustain any damage before she went through. Hermione bit her lip, before realizing her biggest clue: If a Gryffindor had gone through, there would be an obvious sign that they'd gone through, one way or another. Gryffindors, in her experience, were not good at being subtle and leaving no trace of themselves. With that thought, Hermione smiled. She'd leave no trace of herself, then, and leave a fake prize in the mirror. That way, if Dumbledore called for the real prize, and someone held up the fake one, she could cut them down by revealing the true one. Imagine if it was a 6th or 7th year, claiming victory, and she was able to triumph over them…? It would be incredible. Hermione set about looking around the room, investigating, before she finally found a loose stone. Focusing carefully, looking at the blood red stone on the floor, she waved her wand in a deliberate pattern, before whispering an incantation. To her satisfaction, the rock in her hand transfigured into… something of a duplicate of the real prize. It wasn't as mysterious and opaque looking, but it was blood red, about the right size, had a glassy quality to it, jagged edges, and looked cool. It would suffice, she figured. She hadn't learned what the prize was ahead of time, so hopefully anybody else who tried wouldn't know either. Leaving the real stone in her bag on the side of the room, Hermione took her duplicate and stood in front of the mirror once more. This time, she didn't see her reflection at all. She saw all her classmates, excited for her and showing obvious respect, as she held up the red stone. Draco was impressed and talking to her openly, Pansy looked shamed and regretful, and Blaise was calling for everyone to applaud her. She blinked. As she watched, her reflection slowly changed to include an upset redhead wearing a Gryffindor tie holding the duplicate stone – a mature Ron Weasley, almost? This mirror was odd. Hermione tried putting her own duplicate into her pocket, but nothing happened. The mirror would not react. With a sigh, she pulled it back out. How had the original rock gotten into the mirror? "It needed hidden," Hermione muttered to herself. "It needed to be behind a puzzle." As she watched her mirror-self enjoy the friendliness and open happiness of her Slytherin classmates, an idea slowly occurred to her. "It didn't just need to be hidden," she murmured. "It needed to be safe." Hermione closed her eyes, concentrating. As much as she craved the ability to feel safe and loved amongst her classmates, she knew she was a long way off, if it ever happened. But she was working on her power and could keep herself safe. What she couldn't keep safe was this rock. This rock was too unusual, too special looking, she thought deliberately. And that was true – Pansy would want to know what it was, and it could be stolen from her bag easily. It needed to be kept safe – and she desperately wanted it to be kept safe, safe here, behind all these obstacles, difficult for someone else to find. She opened her eyes, to see herself in the mirror – alone, once more, and holding out her hand. Slowly, Hermione moved forward, the stone in her hand, watching as her reflection did the same with her empty outstretched hand. Hermione's hand touched the glass, and there was a cool, liquid-like sensation, and Hermione watched as her decoy stone went into the glass, as if it were water. She stepped back and looked up. Her reflection held the stone now, offered her a smile, and dropped it into her pocket. Hermione smiled and nodded at her mirror-self, before stepping away to gather up her things. What an odd last puzzle. It seemed too easy – just stand in front of a mirror and get the prize? Who knows, she decided. Maybe it was Dumbledore's puzzle. And he'd always seemed a bit off. The black flames had died down by the time Hermione returned to the potion room. They erupted behind her once again as she stepped through the threshold, and Hermione was pleased to see her guess was correct – the little bottle was back in its place, and full once again. She took the round bottle and secured her bag on her back, before drinking deeply, shuddering, and waving her wand wildly as she took off running through the next room. "Lumos!" The troll cried out and hid its eyes once again, and Hermione sprinted through the door and slammed it behind her, glad she'd left it open on her way through. Before her, the chess pieces had reformed, including kings' crowns. Carefully, Hermione strode out onto the chessboard. To her relief, the black pawns didn't block her way, and she was relieved to not have to play her way across again – Blaise had probably long since put his own board away. She shut the door firmly behind her, pleased to hear it magically lock behind her. She hadn't wanted to manually relock it with her picks. The last door led out into the room with the ceiling of Devil's Snare, and Hermione couldn't help but grin. Above was Fluffy, and Hermione decided to just leave the music wand there, instead of trying to get it back. Let Fluffy have it as a toy – he'd destroy it soon enough, leaving no trace of her having been through. Bracing herself, Hermione pulled open the last door and stepped through. The world warped around her, tilting, and Hermione felt like she was spinning in space, lost, and her brain seemed to be rejecting the very idea of reality in an incredibly painful way, right before she was spat out directly in front of the forbidden corridor, landing hard on her rear. "Ow…" She rubbed her rear, slowly getting up. She was definitely going to be bruised. "You! What are you doing here?" Hermione looked up to see Filch, looking at her furiously. "I-I'm on my way to Astronomy class," Hermione said quickly. "I-It's Tuesday night – Slytherins have it at midnight." Filch looked at her suspiciously. "And the way to the Astronomy Tower is by the Forbidden Corridor, now, is it?" he sneered. "I-I wasn't here a moment ago," she told him. "I was on the 7th floor a minute ago, making my way up. I think the Weasley Twins did something – all of a sudden, I was falling through the floor…" Filch scowled. "Those twins are the scourge of the castle," he muttered. He looked at her, sneering. "Well, what are you waiting for? Get to class, then, before I turn you in for lollygagging." "Yes! Yes, sir!" Hermione scampered, making her way up to the Astronomy tower with her Explorer's Pack on her back as if it were her bookbag. By the time she made it up, she was panting, and seriously regretting putting two heavy stone crowns in it before. She slid into place just before Professor Sinistra arrived to begin telling them about Jupiter's orbit. Blaise slid over next to her, looking at her with one eyebrow raised. "Got held up?" "Weasley Twins," Hermione panted out, reusing the same excuse. Better to keep her lies consistent. "They took exception to me beating their brother in chess." Blaise nodded, though he scowled. "If they do it again, let me know," he told her. "We can declare for to all of House Weasley, if we need to, instead of just Ronald." "I'll let you know," Hermione promised. "I don't think that's necessary just yet, though." Blaise carefully looked her over, taking in her sweaty and dusty demeanor, before nodding and going back to his own spot. Hermione tried her best to pay attention to her professor's lecture, but she just couldn't. She couldn't even pay attention to the gorgeous sight of Jupiter's moons through the telescope. Her thoughts kept wandering to the mysterious stone in her bag, and the odd mirror with the writing on top. It was late in the night, long after her dorm mates had gone to sleep, after Hermione had taken a late-night shower to cleanse herself of all the rock and stone dust (and any lingering troll smell) from the obstacles and stashed her prize in her trunk, that Hermione sat up in her bed, braiding her damp hair and looking at the scrap of parchment, puzzled, when it came to her. "It's mirror-writing!" Hermione grabbed a quill off her night stand, and she was quick to put the answer beneath the original words. Ishow no tyo urfac ebut yo urhe arts desire I show not your face but your hearts desire Hermione bit her lip, considering. Her heart's desire? The first thing the mirror had shown her made sense. She'd wanted to 'win' the obstacle course and claim the prize more than anything else. She didn't know why that earned her the prize, though. Maybe it was just testing a person's determination to win? The second thing the mirror had shown her – that shook her. Hermione hadn't realized how desperately she wanted to feel safe, loved, and as if she had real friends in Slytherin. Instead, she had allies, acquaintances, and enemies, and she had to constantly be on her game. With a sigh, Hermione settled herself back into bed, shoving the parchment into her bedside drawer. She carefully tried to levitate herself off of the bed for a few minutes with the help of her air elemental (but ended up mostly bouncing on the bed until her power ran out), before she closed her eyes. Regardless of the esteem of her classmates, she'd done something great, that none of them had ever done. She'd beaten the 3rd floor corridor. None of them could lay claim to that. And with that thought, she fell asleep, a small smile on her lips. Nothing would tarnish her victory.
CW: Violence Hermione's joy at her victory carried her through the week precisely two days, into the evening of the second day in the Slytherin common room. "Granger." Hermione looked up from the book she was reading to see Pansy sneering down at her. "Professor Snape is looking for you," she told her. "He's looking for a few of us. Follow me." Closing her book obediently, Hermione hopped off the chair and followed Pansy out of the common room, deeper into the dungeons. "We're not going to his office?" Hermione questioned as they passed it. Pansy glanced back at her. "His office…? Ah… he wanted us to meet in an old classroom. For a demonstration, I think." A demonstration? Hermione's mind lit with the possibilities of what Snape might want to quietly teach his Slytherins far beneath the school. Upon reaching the classroom, Pansy gestured for Hermione to enter before her, which Hermione did without a thought. She glanced around – the old classroom was dank and didn't have many desks left in it. There were several other Slytherins all lounging around, sitting on the desks and chairs, and Hermione was mildly surprised that she would get to learn something along with the older students. "Where is Professor Snape?" Hermione asked, looking around. There was a click, and Hermione turned to see Pansy stepping in front of the door, blocking the handle and lock from view. She offered Hermione a bland smile, and Hermione felt her heart slowly start to sink. "There is no special demonstration by Professor Snape, is there?" she said quietly. "Very good, Granger," an older, spotty boy said snidely, standing up. "What gave it away?" "Even if Professor Snape would invite me to see an advanced magic demonstration with older students, he'd never have invited her," Hermione said, gesturing towards Pansy. "She can barely figure out which end of her wand to hold half the time." Several of the older students snickered, and Pansy's face twisted with rage. "That's why you're here now, Granger; you don't know your place," she spat. "Going around after Christmas like you'd deserved a proper pureblood courting gift, bossing everyone around at the snowball fight, acting like you're better than everybody else..." "Some of us decided to remind you of your proper place in the world," said a large boy, who cracked his knuckles ominously. "And in case you've forgotten where that is," said an older girl, with an oily smile, "it's in the ground." Hermione had been bullied before at Muggle school. Hermione hadn't been very popular, and she'd had the bad habit of correcting her peers when they made mistakes or spoke with improper grammar. It hadn't earned her any friends, but it had definitely made her enemies, and Hermione had found recess a trial for a long time. Before her magic had matured enough to start lashing out and protecting her with regularity, Hermione had been cornered and physically bullied a fair few times – generally a few punches, hair-pulling, slapping, and the like. It had hurt, but she had survived it, often by playing pathetic and acting more hurt than she actually was. She hadn't been able to adequately defend herself, so surrendering and giving up had left the bullies to declare victory sooner rather than later, leaving her with fewer potential injuries than she might have gained if she hadn't faked injury. One thing Hermione had enjoyed about being in Hogwarts so far was her ability to defend herself. A snide remark could earn someone a curse, and people had largely stopped bullying her after the first couple months, once they'd realized she could defend herself. It only took Hermione half a second of seeing seven wands pointed at her to immediately decide that attempting to defend herself wasn't going to be a viable option this time. "Expelliarmus!" Hermione's wand went flying out of her hand, despite her trying to grab for it, and it clattered to the floor a distance away from her. The next spell that hit her Hermione didn't hear, but she felt – sharp pain lanced across her leg, and she screamed, dropping to the ground. "Can't have a Mudblood like you prancing around the school like you're on the same level as the rest of us," spat one of the boys. He hit her with another spell, and the same pain lanced her other leg – her Achilles tendon, she realized vaguely, even as she screamed again. Someone knew their anatomy. "That's better," the older girl said, smirking in satisfaction. "Sniveling on the floor, scared and cowering." "Much better place for a Mudblood," one of the guys agreed. Someone hit her with another spell, cutting open her robes and slicing over her chest. Hermione screamed again and started to cry, and another cutting curse narrowly missed her eyes, striking across her forehead, cutting a few of her curls short, too. "Don't blind her," the girl snapped. "I'm not! I missed – she was squirming. I was trying to leave a scar on her cheek for her to remember us by-" Hermione curled up into a ball, holding herself tightly. She screamed and cried at each hit she took. Eventually, the students seemed to tire of curses, and they began kicking her and spitting on her, before they tired of this as well. "Come on," one of the boys said, finally. "Only an hour till curfew. Let's get out of here; she won't be found until Filch patrols, and we need to establish alibis by then." The group all filtered out, spitting on her or giving her snide remarks as they left, one by one. Pansy was the last to leave, casting a smug, smirking look backwards, before she slammed the door behind her. Hermione could hear the lock click into place. Finally, the dungeon fell silent. Taking a slow breath, Hermione carefully began uncurling herself, taking stock of her injuries. First – the cuts on her body. That pain was sharp and distracting – and some of them were still bleeding. That could get dangerous, fast. Next, the bruising – Hermione didn't know how to tell if she had internal organ damage herself, but the sooner she could get that checked out, the better. She crawled across the floor, finding her wand under one of the desks. She carefully picked it up, her hands weak, and thanked her lucky stars she'd lingered in the Hospital Wing with Malfoy. "Episkey." She healed the cuts on her arms first, though it took a few tries, with her shaky hands. After that, she fixed her severed Achilles' tendons, with a screech and a whimper – they hurt almost as much being knit back together as they had when they were cut. After healing a few more cuts on her legs and body, Hermione shakily got to her feet. There was blood on the floor, which didn't come as a surprise. As much as Hermione wanted to leave evidence of what she had been through as proof of her story, another part of her roiled at the idea; the Slytherins had planned this attack. They weren't about to be caught, blood puddle or not. And leaving her blood lying around was dangerous – Hermione had a book of rituals that had a fair few examples of just how dangerous that could be. With a groan, Hermione flicked a cleaning spell at it, then another, then another. After six of them, she hit the stones with a bleaching spell, and a heavy smell clogged the room. But at least her blood was gone. Stumbling to the door, Hermione aimed her wand at the door. "Alohomora." The lock clicked open, and Hermione carefully made her way down the hallway, leaning heavily on the walls as she did. She wiped her hands off periodically on her robes so she wouldn't leave bloody hand prints as she did, but she was getting dizzy. She hoped Snape's office wasn't much further. Finally, she turned into the familiar corridor, and she nearly cried with relief as she saw the familiar sconces outside his office door. Instead, she managed a relatively steady knock. "Enter." Hermione pushed open the door and moved to stand in front of Snape's desk, closing the door behind her. Snape was grading papers; it took him a moment to glance up fully from his desk, and she knew the moment he did, because suddenly he was standing, his eyes wide with alarm. "Miss Granger!" Hermione could imagine what she looked like. She had a cut across her forehead that was still bleeding profusely – she hadn't wanted to try and heal a wound she couldn't see. She had shredded robes, damp with blood, and her white school blouse had turned red and sticky. "Professor Snape," she said calmly. "I've come to request a Blood-Replenishing Potion." Her cool delivery was ruined entirely by her swooning at the end of her sentence and falling sideways into the chair, her vision spinning. Snape was next to her a moment later, casting diagnostics under his breath, before casting a charm, a bottle zooming to him from the shelves. "Blood replenisher," he told her, uncorking it. "Drink." Hermione drank the potion, the thick liquid nearly making her choke. A moment later, she sighed, and she felt herself relax slightly as the dizziness began to recede. "Thank you, Professor," she told him. "Do not thank me yet, you silly girl," Snape told her, snarling. "I think you may have a lacerated spleen. We need to get you to Madam Pomfrey immediately." "No!" Hermione objected. "No. No, professor, can't you just help heal me? I don't want to go to the Hospital Wing." Snape stared at her in astonishment. "Miss Granger, you are not usually one of my dimmer students," he informed her. "Pray tell, why are you suddenly acting a fool and refusing desperately-needed medical treatment?" "I fell down the stairs," Hermione said promptly. "I'm very embarrassed about my clumsiness. I don't want anyone else to know." Snape's eyes were piercing. "Fell down some stairs," he snarled. "They must have been very sharp stairs, to cut you up so." "Very sharp, sir," Hermione agreed. "Rotten bit of luck, on my part." Snape swore and stood, cloak swirling behind him as he stormed off into the small room connected to his office. Hermione sat on the chair for a long moment or two and swayed a bit; the blood replenishing potion was helping, but it was making her a lot more aware of just how much everything hurt. "-she what?" Professor Snape abruptly returned, Madam Pomfrey in tow, and gestured rudely toward Hermione. "See for yourself," he said snidely. "Mind the blood on the floor." "Oh, you dear girl!" Madam Pomfrey fell to her knees beside her, already casting diagnostics. "Whatever happened to you?" Hermione glanced at Professor Snape. "I fell down some stairs," Hermione said. Madam Pomfrey gave her a sharp look. "I understand this Slytherin nonsense of not ratting each other out, but this is for your health, Hermione," she said. "I need to know for medical accuracy. What really happened?" Hermione hesitated. "Well, the stairs certainly hurt more than most stairs generally do," she said carefully. "In fact, it felt an awful lot like cutting charms to my Achilles' tendons, then to the rest of my body, then like several solid kicks to my stomach, back, and ribs." Snape snarled and stormed around behind his desk, pacing. Hermione bit her lip; he was a bit frightening like this. She didn't really think he was mad at her, but Hermione knew he wasn't pleased with her not telling him the truth. "Cutting charms to the Achilles' tendons?" the nurse echoed, frowning at Hermione's ankles. "I healed them," Hermione explained. "Episkey. I- ah- I didn't think I could walk without healing that first." Madame Pomfrey looked impressed. "I'd wondered if you'd learned anything, from shadowing me in the Hospital Wing last term," she said. "Hold on to your chair, Miss Granger. This is going to hurt." She cast several spells in quick succession, and Hermione gasped and whimpered. It did hurt. A lot. "I have just fixed your lacerated spleen and internal bleeding," she informed her. "Both of which could have easily been fatal if not treated in a timely manner." Hermione gave her a bland smile. "I'm glad I was treated, then," she said politely. "Oh, hold on, Miss Granger," Madam Pomfrey said darkly. "We're not done yet." By the time she was done, Hermione had had her head wound cleaned and healed, two broken ribs repaired and put back into place, the multitude of cuts on her body healed, the bruises on her body magically taken care of, and even the scars on her body left behind from her own poor healing attempts wiped away. By the time Madam Pomfrey had been satisfied, Hermione had been stripped to her underclothes and examined all over, as well as been fed another Blood-Replenishing potion. "Well, Miss Granger," Madam Pomfrey said finally. "I daresay this is the worst case of having fallen down the stairs that I've seen yet." Hermione offered a trembling smile. "I'm very clumsy, I suppose." Madam Pomfrey looked upset herself, but she stood and gathered her things, turning to go. Hermione felt a bolt of panic. "Madam Pomfrey?" Hermione said, and the nurse turned back. Hermione bit her lip. "Because I wasn't actually ever in the Hospital Wing, I wouldn't need to be marked down on the official Hospital Wing intake forms, would I? Or on the sign-in sheet?" Madam Pomfrey gave Hermione a long look. "No, I suppose not," she said finally, with a sigh. "Have a good evening, Miss Granger, Professor Snape." She flounced from the room into the side room, where Hermione presumed Professor Snape had a fireplace hooked up to the Floo. With a sigh, Hermione touched her fixed-up sides, tentatively pressing on her skin. There was still a definite ache, but there was no longer the deep pain of severe bruising. "Miss Granger." Hermione quickly looked up to see Professor Snape looking at her from across his desk, his face dark. She shivered. "Explain." Hermione looked at him, considered, took a deep breath, and told him what happened. She left nothing out. She included Pansy coming to get her, and everything the students had said to her during the altercation. She recounted the order of the attacks, who had hit her, how many times, and how hard. How they'd left her bleeding in the room, intending for her to be caught by Filch. Snape's face did not change during her story, but his eyes grew darker and darker. "And who, pray tell, were these noble Slytherins?" Snape said quietly. Hermione bit her lip. "I don't know." Snape's nostrils flared. "Miss Granger-" "I don't know," Hermione said again, her voice a bit of a wail. "Professor, I don't know them. I stay away from the older students – all they do is say mean things or try to trip me. I don't know who most of them are, only the prefects. I only know what they look like, not their names." Snape stood immediately and left the room again, leaving Hermione sitting there for another long minute or two, looking down at her ruined clothes and wondering what to do with them. "Here." A book was plopped down in front of her, and Hermione looked up at Snape slowly. Snape nodded expectantly, and Hermione looked back down. It was a yearbook. "I didn't know that Hogwarts even had these," Hermione said wonderingly. Snape ignored her. "Find your attackers," Snape said silkily. "Identify them." Hesitantly, Hermione paged through the book, finding the listing of Slytherin house last. Her attackers looked different in the yearbook than they had in the classroom – their faces not as twisted with hatred, and more normal-looking – but Hermione was able to pick out all six of them. "The seventh was Pansy Parkinson," Hermione told him. "She's a first year; she wouldn't be in last year's book." Snape was busy writing down names and ignored her. After he did, he took a deep breath, and Hermione watched as her teacher appeared to try to steady himself. "Miss Granger," he told her. "What I am about to tell you is something I am not proud of. I do endeavor to be honest with my students, though, and I am afraid there are things you must know." Hermione straightened. "I'm listening." "If you go to the Headmaster to report this, most likely, nothing will happen," Snape told her seriously. "These students will have made sure to have iron-clad alibis, and it will be the word of one first year against seven of theirs." Hermione blinked. "I… kind of assumed that part, sir," she admitted. "Things in Slytherin don't exactly play out like they do in the other houses, do they?" Snape's lips twisted. "No, Miss Granger, they do not." He grimaced. "It is at this point I must tell you a second unfortunate truth: I cannot punish these students." Hermione bit her lip. "I didn't think you could either, for the same reason," she said. "But, if you're telling me this separately… you can't punish them for a different reason?" Snape nodded once, sharply, and Hermione scowled. "It's their names, isn't it?" she said, angry. "Their names, their stupid bloodlines, and whoever their stupid parents are. That's protecting them, isn't it? Stupid politics." She scowled at his desk, arms folded, and Snape sighed. There was a silence where Hermione just glared at his desk, fuming at the unfairness of it all, while Snape said nothing. "Miss Granger," he said finally. Hermione looked up. "The same constraint that would protect these families from any potential scandal of their children attacking someone runs both ways," he said. His eyes bored into hers. "If, for example, someone were to attack them, and best them, especially if that student were younger than them, and of what was considered 'lesser' blood…" Hermione nodded slowly. "The embarrassment would be incredible," she said slowly. "Their families would tell them not to make a fuss and to handle it themselves, rather than admit what happened." Snape inclined his head. "…but that could end up in an escalating war," Hermione said, worrying at her lip. "If, hypothetically, I were to go after them, and somehow win, what's to stop them from coming back after me? I don't want to have to watch my back the rest of my life." Snape raised an eyebrow at her. "Hermione," he said, surprising her. "Are you going to go off and attack these students right now?" "What?" Hermione said, surprised. "Um. No. Well, maybe Pansy. But the rest, of course not – they're all much older than me. They'd pummel me." "And if you do decide to go after them, and extract your revenge, when would you do it?" he asked, his eyes gleaming. "After I was sure I could beat them," Hermione said slowly. "I wouldn't do it unless I thought I could win." "And if you win, Miss Granger," Snape said, looking at her directly, "after having gotten to that place – do you really think any of them would be able to win against you again?" Hermione considered, a small smile growing across her face. "No," she said simply. "I don't." "Then," Snape said, "you have your answer." Hermione thought about this for several minutes, before looking back to Snape. "Professor," she said finally. "You're not really like any of the other professors in this school, are you?" Snape apparently took this as a compliment, and he smirked, dark laughter dancing in his eyes. "Oh, Miss Granger, you have already said it yourself," he said, his eyes glinting. "In Slytherin, we do things very differently."
Hermione showed up to classes looking and acting completely normally the day after the bullying incident. Pansy had been trying to hide her surprise, but Hermione was careful to show no reaction and give nothing away. She was quieter, though – she didn't raise her hand quite as often in class, and she kept to herself during the practical exercises. Crabbe and Goyle were distressed over it – her helping them in Charms class had been what was helping them pass. Hermione still claimed top marks in class, and she still answered the teachers whenever she was called upon, but she took upon herself a somewhat more reserved attitude. She wasn't going to shirk her classes, and she certainly wasn't going to not achieve everything she could because of a bunch of bullies, but there was no need to advertise the fact and be ostentatious about it – not while she couldn't beat them, if they were to attack again. Hermione felt different, afterward. It was hard to see a face in the hallway, and not flinch, remembering that same face twisted with hatred as it aimed a cutting charm at you. Just managing normal was a challenge, and Hermione began avoiding the Slytherin common room, instead meeting with Blaise, Tracey, and Millie in old classrooms to study, claiming that the classrooms were warmer than the previous ones they'd used in the dungeons. Things remained much the same, on the outside. Hermione still endured snide remarks from the older Slytherins, but she retained the respect she'd earned of her classmates and a few others in the lower years. But Hermione was disappointed, oddly enough, she realized; she'd come so far in gaining the respect of her classmates that it'd seemed like she'd climbed a huge mountain, when really, she'd only mounted the smallest foothill of overcoming the blood prejudice she faced. And although nothing had really changed, Hermione felt like everything was different. Hogwarts just didn't seem quite as magical anymore. Her Gryffindor friends noticed the difference in her behavior, and after much pestering, Hermione finally opened up about being bullied to her friends, though she skimped on the details of what had happened – mostly by leaving them out entirely. Which was a good decision – these friends were Gryffindors, after all, and would have run to McGonagall in indignation on her behalf if she'd told. Just admitted that Pansy and some older Slytherins were giving her a hard time had them furious. "Can't you just talk to Snape about it?" "Professor Snape, Harry," Hermione corrected. "And no." Hermione, Harry, and Neville were hanging out in one of the higher towers, near the Divination classroom. It was warmer up here, and the air smelled like cinnamon and something else. It was calming to Hermione, and even better, far away from the Slytherin common room, where Hermione didn't quite feel safe anymore. "Professor McGonagall would take exception to bullying in Gryffindor," Neville said. "I think Lavender and Parvati were teasing Sally-Ann a little too much, and McGonagall set them straight in a hurry." "It's different in Slytherin," Hermione said moodily. She sat herself on a nearby window ledge, swinging her feet. "If I went to a teacher, it'd be saying that I can't handle my problems on my own." "But you're eleven. You're not supposed to have to handle this on your own," Harry said. "The teachers even like you. You don't think they'd help you with Pansy?" "Twelve," Hermione corrected. "And no, absolutely not. It might stop the bullying, but it'd lose any respect I've gained so far in Slytherin." Neville grimaced. "I'll never get how you got sorted into that rotten house, Hermione. You're so nice!" "Ambition, I guess," Hermione said, kicking the wall. "It's not all bad. It's just… I get so frustrated, you know? I don't want to have to constantly deal with this." "Maybe you could show her up?" Harry suggested. "What are you good at that she's not?" Neville snorted. "Besides everything?" Hermione laughed. "Pansy's marks aren't great, but they're not horrible, either," she said. "I just… I need to show them that I can do something that proves that I belong." "Down to a duel or some archaic Pureblood tradition, then," Neville sighed. "Probably have to be a duel. The weird Pureblood traditions aren't really done anymore. Some people say they're Dark Magic." "Are they?" Hermione asked, raising an eyebrow. Neville looked uncomfortable. "Not… not really," he said. "But some of them involve blood, which makes people uneasy. A lot of people squirm at the thought of blood magic." "Why?" Harry asked. "Is it evil?" "A lot of Dark spells and rituals use people's blood to target them," Neville said, looking more and more uneasy. "So people don't like it. It seems like a slippery slope, to most witches and wizards." "A duel, then," Hermione said, tactfully changing the subject. "She's bound to refuse if I challenge her. How can I force her into it?" "Is there some fancy pureblood honor-duel system?" Harry asked, looking at Neville. "Is there a way for her to challenge Pansy without Pansy being able to refuse? And if she refuses, she looks like a coward?" "I don't think that's legal anymore," Neville said, hesitant. "It definitely wouldn't be legal for children." "Probably a good thing," Hermione muttered, hopping off the window ledge. "I'd have probably ended up dueling Ron my first week here." "And I'd actually have dueled Malfoy," Harry said, making a face. "We'll think of something, Hermione," Neville encouraged. "I'm sure we will." Hermione gave them both a smile as they started down the stairs.
The Ravenclaw Common room, in some ways, was more welcoming than the Slytherin one. When Terry Boot had invited her up for a study group after the end of History of Magic, Hermione hadn't hesitated in accepting. Where the Slytherin common room was regal, stately, and imposing, the Ravenclaw common room was graceful and open. The walls were hung with blue and bronze silks that were interspersed with windows, and the ceiling was painted with stars to evoke the night sky, echoed in the midnight-blue carpet of the floor. Well-made wooden tables with chairs abounded, as did pillows, couches, side tables, and other places for reading and studying. There was a large marble statue of Rowena Ravenclaw next to the door that Hermione couldn't help but be impressed by. There was no similar statue of Slytherin in her own common room. Hermione sat down with Terry Boot, Michael Corner, Mandy Brocklehurst, and Anthony Goldstein at one of the tables. She garnered a few raised eyebrows and glances with her Slytherin jumper, but no one seemed to bother themselves enough to inquire. As she scooched her chair in, she was surprised to find the chair unusually comfortable. Anthony must have seen her surprise. "Cushioning charms," he told her, grinning. He tapped his own chair. "They'll save your back and bottom from soreness after studying." Hermione wondered why no one had ever thought to apply the same thing to the Slytherin chairs. Maybe they preferred them to be uncomfortable, to promote better posture or something. "So we're discussing the Mending Charm," Mandy said, pulling out her book. "Flitwick wants a foot on the elements of the spell and other general information – probably just to test for retention and comprehension, before we try." "Fair enough," Terry said, nodding. "Has anyone gotten the Mending Charm to work yet?" Hermione looked around as the others looked from person to person, before raising her own hand. They all looked impressed. "Really?" said Michael Corner. "This isn't an easy spell. You've gotten the hang of it already?" "The wand movement is similar to Episkey," Hermione explained. "It just leaves a swoosh off the end. They do similar things, after all." "Episkey?" Anthony asked. "It's a basic healing spell," Hermione said. "But here; I can show you the Mending Charm." With a quick Diffindo, she sliced one of the wall hangings. There was a horrible ripping noise, and an angry shout from Michael. Hermione was quick with the second spell, before someone else could notice and raise a fuss. "Reparo," she said clearly, her wand work careful and flawless. Her compatriots watched as the hanging sewed itself back together, the magical stitches melting into nothing as the fabric sealed. "We didn't even learn the Severing Charm, yet," Michael objected. "That's after the repairing charm in the book, so we can fix what we've torn." Hermione shrugged. "I fixed it, didn't I?" she said, somewhat uncomfortable. She looked to Anthony, who was grinning. "Did you at least catch the wand movement?" "I did," Anthony said. He traced his wand through the air. "Like this?" "It's more a circle and spiral than a loop-de-loop," Hermione suggested, moving her own wand through the air slowly. "Think of the wholeness and one-ness of a circle – no beginning, no end. Then a spiral to direct the power." Terry Boot stopped his note taking and stared. His eyes were surprisingly intense, and Hermione shifted, uncomfortable. "Does it say that in the book?" he demanded. Hermione bit her lip. "Err – no." "Then how do you know what the wand motion is for?" "I– umm–" Hermione bit her lip. She didn't remember where she learned it. "It's like Episkey, though," she tried. She traced her wand through the air for that spell. "See, the circle in the beginning to represent wholeness, the spiral to direct the power safely, the side swish to indicate a person, and the flick to let the spell go." "None of us know Episkey," Mandy said. "Did the book you learned about Episkey from break it down like that?" Hermione wracked her brain. "Umm," she said intelligently. She flushed. "I- I don't remember. I guess it must have." Anthony laughed. "I guess that's what having a direct line to Magic itself is like," he said, smiling at her. "You just know things about magic, without really knowing where it came from at all." Hermione flushed and threw an eraser at him, which he deftly caught and grinned. Terry was looking at her with new respect. "Is that what it is?" he said. "Is this something being a New Blood lets you understand?" Hermione flushed, but she didn't say anything. "Well, then," Terry said, sitting up. He flipped the pages in his book backwards, letting them thump to the right side. He looked up at her. "Break down the wand movements in the Levitation Charm for me, then." "We've already learned that one," Michael Corner objected. "If I've got a direct line to deeper understanding of magic, I'm going to use it," Terry shot back. He looked back to Hermione, his dark eyes glinting. "…please?" Hermione bit her lip, considering. She didn't really have a direct line to magic. It wasn't like she knew the meaning behind the wand movements for the Levitation charm, did she? She swished and flicked her own wand, before realizing – she did. "The swish is to gather your power, and the flick is to connect it to your target," Hermione said, swishing and flicking her own wand at an inkwell, guiding it into the air. "If you focus, you can feel your magic holding the object up. The charm doesn't release until you let it go." Terry nodded, taking notes, while Mandy elbowed Anthony. "Did she just do that charm wordlessly?" she hissed. Anthony grinned. "I think so." Hermione hadn't realized. She'd done the charm so often… every night for months. It was second-nature, at this point. Fighting a self-conscious flush, she guided the inkwell back down. "And Lumos?" Hermione cast the charm, letting her wand glow softly. "That's just pushing your power through your wand. The spell converts it into light. The more power you push through, the brighter the light is." "Alohomora?" Hermione traced an 'S' shape through the air. "The incantation helps guide the purpose of the spell, whereas the movement guides the magic in the general direction you need to unlock a door – the pins and tumblers, then the lock itself. If a lock doesn't unlock the first try on Alohomora, a different or backwards wand movement can help – it depends on the design of the lock." Michael and Mandy were staring at her openly, now. Anthony was just grinning, leaning back in his chair with his hands behind his head, like he was just enjoying the show. "Incendio?" "You're literally tracing the shape of a flame with the wand, to guide the magic into purpose. The sharp flick at the end indicates a violence, which allows the magic to create the spark that catches fire." "Is this all in a book somewhere?" Mandy asked. "I want to know all this too." "Umm," Hermione said, wracking her brain. "If it is, I don't know. I haven't found one or read one, at any rate." "Then how do you know all this?" she asked. "Hermione is New Blood," Anthony told her. "New Blood?" Hermione almost answered her, but Anthony beat her to it. "You know how there are purebloods and halfbloods, right? Every pureblood line was founded ages and ages ago by a New Blood – a person Magic touched directly, giving them power. They all went on to found Great Houses." Hermione could practically hear the capitalization in his voice, as he over-pronounced certain things. "Hermione is a New Blood. It's special – there hasn't been one in centuries. Magic's touched her personally, so she has a direct line into Magic itself. That's why she's so good – her unconscious is directly tapped into Magic, allowing her to intuitively learn and understand all this." Mandy looked at Hermione with a new respect. "Sorry, Hermione," Mandy apologized. "I didn't know. I thought you were a Muggle-born." Hermione offered her a small smile back, going for regal and gracious. "That's okay," she said. "New Bloods are very rare. A lot of my own house still don't believe me yet." Terry looked up from his notes, surprised. He had ink splattered across his nose. "Really?" he said. "Even after seeing your power? Seeing all you can do and understand?" "Slytherins don't really study together," Hermione explained. "Only very rarely. They just see what I can do in class. And… they're very prejudiced against people from Muggle backgrounds." Michael Corner snorted. "Trust the snakes to have their heads up their asses," he said. He glanced at Hermione. "No offense." "None taken," Hermione said, laughing. "You're welcome to take refuge in Ravenclaw," Terry Boot declared. "You're as smart as any of us, and we like learning and new knowledge." "Thanks for the official invitation, Terry," Hermione said, grinning. "I'll definitely take you up on it." Anthony shot her a smirk, and Hermione had to fight the urge to blush. He really was very good-looking. "Now, the spell?" Anthony suggested. "Let's knock this essay out of the way. Then Hermione can help us practice the spell before class." Hermione wrote the essay absently, unable to really focus. It was interesting to hear someone else describe her as being New Blood, and what they thought it entailed. She wondered who Anthony had heard about it from – she didn't remember who all she'd informed that she was New Blood, but it hadn't been that many. Part of her plan had been to let the information spread naturally; people would be more likely to believe a rumor about her than a direct claim she made herself. She wondered, though. She didn't remember where she'd read about wand movements and their meanings. It was kind of odd.
Hermione had watched Professor Quirrell carefully for months. He was a poor teacher, sure, but Hermione wondered if there was something more. His stutter, for example, was inconsistent. He'd stutter on different consonants at the beginning of a words, but not stutter on the same consonant later in the same sentence. Sometimes, the stutter dropped completely, before being picked back up, as if he had remembered he had forgotten it. There were no repeated syllables or vowel sounds – only easy-to-stutter consonants. She'd also learned that before, he'd been the Professor of Muggle Studies. She wasn't sure how being a teacher of Muggle Studies qualified one to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, but his lack of actual proficiency in the subject definitely showed in the lack of accuracy in the information he was teaching them. His bad teaching had a purpose to it, though. He didn't just get things wrong – he taught them things that would purposefully make them weak to Dark Magic. His instruction on what to do if a small, dark creature bit you would heal your wound, sure – but it wouldn't extract the dark magic from it. His advice on how to run away was to run as straight and as fast as possible to gain the maximum distance, even though everyone in the Muggle world had long since worked out the best way to flee from fire was to zig-zag. And from what the older students had said, Quirrell had changed. He hadn't used to be so scared, and he never used to teach wrong information before. He'd used to be meticulous about checking his sources, apparently, which couldn't be more different than his teaching style now. It had been with curiosity that Hermione approached him after class one day. "Professor?" He looked up, nodding to her as her classmates filed out of the room. "Miss G-g-g-granger." "I was wondering if you would sign this," she said, handing him a slip of parchment. Quirrell glanced at it, then looked at it again, before looking up at her. "This is a request for books from the Restricted Section," he said. No stutter now, she noted. Aloud, she said, "Yes. I'm interested in learning more about rituals." Quirrell raised an eyebrow. It was a trait Hermione had never seen him have before. "Why do you want me to sign this?" "I'm curious to learn what they consist of, so I can better protect myself against them," Hermione recited. "We learn a lot about protecting ourselves from modern magic, but not about protecting ourselves from old magic." Quirrell snorted and moved to sit down behind his desk. Hermione stared at him. "Miss Granger, neither of these books has a thing to do with defense from ritual targeting," he said. "They are exclusively about rituals and how to do them." He's read them? Hermione was surprised. "I didn't know that. After all, I haven't read them," she said reasonably. Professor Quirrell gave her a sharp look, and again Hermione felt like she was interacting with someone entirely different than her tentative Defense professor. "Miss Granger," he said, looking at her. His eyes were piercing. "Why do you want these books?" Her anger at Pansy rushed to the forefront of her mind, almost against her will, and Hermione found the truth spilling from her lips. "I want to retaliate against a housemate who keeps bullying me and insisting that I'm a Mudblood," she said, her anger leaking into her voice. "I don't know enough spells to do something good through charm work, so I was hoping I could find something to work and adapt in a book of rituals." "And you want to do a target ritual to affect her?" Quirrell's voice was perfectly even. "Some would consider that dark magic." "Surely it depends on the ritual, professor," she said, her eyes wide and her voice innocent. "And at this point, it's all hypothetical, anyway." Quirrell's lip curled. "Of course." To her surprise, he signed the form, and added two more books to the top of the list. "You will find these to be better references for ritual creation," he told her. "The other two are more grimoires of rituals than instructional. But I'm sure you'll find all of them… illuminating." Hermione stared at him, and he smiled. It was an oily, odd sort of smile. His eyes darkened. "I know what it is like to be in Slytherin and be bullied for not being a pureblood, Miss Granger," he told her quietly. "The House of Slytherin was supposed to be for the ambitious and the powerful, and nothing else. Many people have forgotten what our founder stood for and wanted." Hermione nodded slowly, picking up her form. The way he was looking at her, something dark inside his eyes – she felt frightened. Frightened. Of Quirrell. "If you w-w-would like any further help," he said, his eyes losing their edge, "let me know. I am always h-h-happy to h-h-help an enterprising young scholar." "Thank you, sir," Hermione said, recognizing her dismissal. "I appreciate the help." She left quickly, clutching her form, and went straight to the library. Madam Pince gave her a sharp look when she handed her the form, but after testing it for authenticity, she went and got the requested books for Hermione, who thanked her quickly and went to the back of the library to read. Before she started in on the books, she stopped to check on something else. According to the yearbook for 1984, Quirinus Quirrell had been sorted into Ravenclaw. Hermione looked down at the picture of his cheerful face, smiling up at her happily from amongst his classmates. She shivered and closed the book, before reaching for one of her new ones and disguising the cover. Ravenclaw, not Slytherin, the back of her mind echoed. He lied, or it was not Quirrell talking to you. Hermione resolutely ignored the voice in her head and determinedly got to work.
Hermione's routine was thrown off in the middle of February, by something she had not expected to be a big deal: Valentine's Day. Given it was a Muggle, originally Christian holiday, Hermione hadn't thought Hogwarts would pay the slightest bit of attention to it, but apparently, Valentine's Day was a big deal amongst her peers. This irritated her. Severely. "It's not a Wizarding holiday!" she ranted in the common room, Blaise watching her with amusement. "It's Muggle. There is absolutely no reason for us to be celebrating this." "But it's fun," Tracey objected. "When else would we get to send valentines to people?" "Valentines are juvenile and trivial," Hermione said firmly. Tracey looked aghast. "It's such fun, though," Tracey repeated. "It's nice to have Valentine's Day! It helps cheer everybody up after the dreariness of the winter." "That's what Beltane is for," Hermione snapped, and she noticed Draco stick his head up, looking at her. A couple other of the Slytherins did too. "Beltane isn't widely celebrated anymore," Blaise commented from her side, examining his nails. "Wizards say some of the traditional rituals are archaic and dark. More of them celebrate Easter, now." "Another Muggle holiday?" Hermione couldn't believe it. "Yule and Christmas are so close in tradition that I can understand, and Samhain and Halloween are fairly close as well, but Easter? This is ridiculous." "Aren't they your holidays, though, Hermione?" Pansy's simpering voice made Hermione twitch, even before she saw the pug-faced girl emerge from the crowd. "Didn't you grow up with them?" Hermione gave her a dark look. "You'll notice I'm not the one celebrating them." She gave a lingering look up and down Pansy, who was wearing a black sweater with pink hearts on it. Pansy flushed and glared at her. "It's not like you'll get any valentines, anyway," she sniffed, stalking over to the other side of the common room. Hermione ignored her and turned to Blaise. "Am I really expected to participate in this farce?" she demanded. "What are the wizarding rules regarding a Muggle holiday?" Blaise shrugged. "It's my first time at Hogwarts, too," he reminded her. "How should I know?" "People generally only send things to people they fancy." Adrian Pucey emerged from seemingly nowhere, plopping down in a chair to Hermione's right. She stared at him, and he grinned. "You were asking quite loudly," he said, and Hermione's face colored. "So I don't have to get my friends anything?" she asked. "You might send your closest friends something small, if they're of the opposite gender," Adrian clarified. "You wouldn't send Tracey something, for example, but you might send Blaise something." Blaise shot her a grin, while Tracey nodded knowingly. "That makes sense," she agreed. "To acknowledge the love of a friendship, but not push it to something more." "You'd send something fancier, like chocolate or flowers, to a real valentine," Adrian told her. "You generally send chocolates to a boy. They don't care for flowers as much." "Fair enough," Hermione sighed. "I can probably do that. It's on Saturday, right?" "It's this Friday, Hermione!" Tracey's voice was almost shrill. "How can you forget that?!" "Because it's dumb," Hermione said, rolling her eyes and getting to her feet. "I guess I'll go figure this nonsense out." Blaise was snickering as she left the common room, but Hermione could feel Draco's eyes tracking her as she went back to her room. Just what was his deal, she wondered. Did he take personal offense to her not liking Valentine's Day? She snorted. It wasn't like he was about to send her a valentine, anyway. She began rifling through her things, her remark about Beltane forgotten.
The morning of Valentine's Day dawned faint and cloudy, and noisy, the sound of chattering and giggling everywhere. Hermione was immensely glad for Potions that afternoon – Professor Snape would put a stop to that nonsense fast. The Great Hall was cluttered with owls at breakfast, swooping down all over the place. Hermione watched to make sure the owl she'd sent dropped off small valentines to Harry, Ron, and Neville – she'd sent them each a chocolate frog and a small card. She did the same for all the boys in her house. There was no need to create drama when it was easy enough to avoid. She'd also sent a gift to herself – an anonymous delivery of daffodils, that she'd snuck out and clipped from one of the student greenhouses this morning. She acted surprised at the delivery, while Tracey exclaimed over the romance of a secret admirer. Hermione was surprised to receive actual Valentines, though. Harry had sent her a box of muggle candy hearts, and Neville a box of chocolate cauldron cakes. Even Ron had sent a card, which she supposed let him off the hook for now. But the Valentines didn't just stop there. Blaise had sent her a cupid made of chocolate, signed "This was perfect for you. I know how much you love the symbolism of the holiday," which had Hermione hitting his arm and Blaise laughing at her, her face red and embarrassed. Theo had sent her a chocolate frog (another exact gift trade), and she'd been surprised that Adrian Pucey had also sent her something – a small chocolate heart, about the size of a chocolate frog. She was just rearranging her books in her bag to make sure she could fit everything in without crushing them when two large owls swooped down, both carrying large packages. One dropped in front of Pansy, the second in front of Hermione, just where her breakfast plate had been. Pansy shot her a dark look, tearing into hers and exclaiming at the large box of chocolates, signed "from a secret admirer." Hermione caught her glare, and she wondered if Pansy had been up to the same trick she had – she couldn't imagine anyone actually fancying Pansy. Her own gift was an enormous heart-shaped box of chocolates, bouquet of flowers, and bracelet from Anthony Goldstein. There was a card, filled with inside-jokes and teasing her, signed with a large flourish – no anonymity about it. Hermione tucked one of the flowers in her hair, but she avoided touching the bracelet. "This is a public setting," Hermione hissed to Millie. "What is he doing?" Millie came closer and examined it. "This wouldn't count as a gift of jewelry," she said. "It's made of elastic and small, cheap heart charms – steel and colored glass, I think." "Still," Hermione said quietly. "What's he playing at, sending me this?" Millie shrugged. "Flirting?" "We're twelve." "You never wanted to play grown-up?" Millie smirked at her. "He's probably curious what you'll do with it. I don't think he expects you to wear it." In the end, Hermione doubled the stretchy bracelet around the bouquet to hold it together like a rubber-band, as if that was its purpose all along. Tracey and Millie were smirking as they followed Hermione back to the dorm room to stash her valentines and put her flowers in a vase. "The cloak was enough," Tracey said. "What would Goldstein have done if you'd worn the bracelet?" "Either had a heart attack or danced a jig," Millie said, "depending on if he was serious or not." "Shut up," Hermione snapped. "Some of the others got jewelry." "Victoria Vaisey did, and she's been cradle-betrothed to Terrence Higgs since forever," Millie said. "If she didn't get jewelry from him, it would have been a slight." "Plus, she's the year above us," Tracey added. "You're the only one first-year who got jewelry." "Millie said it didn't count," Hermione said curtly. "Cheap colored glass and elastic. Doesn't count." Tracey shrugged, smirking. "Might not count as a courting gift," she said, "but it still sends a message, doesn't it?" She and Millie cackled as Hermione dumped her gifts on her bed and ran back out to head toward their next class. "Ridiculous holiday," Hermione muttered. "I'm glad all that's over with." However, when Hermione arrived at Potions, there was a small box on her seat. Turning over the tag, there was no indication of a sender, only the word "Hermione" written in a beautiful script on one side. Carefully looking out for Snape, Hermione opened the box. There was a beautiful glass butterfly – a monarch butterfly, from the look of it. It was beautiful. Hermione took it out and examined it, surprised at the detail. The color seemed to shimmer almost magically in the torchlight, and, suspecting something, Hermione gently tapped it with her wand. The butterfly seemed to come to life, fluttering around her in the air, its crystal wings catching the light and glittering. Hermione smiled despite herself, charmed. It was lovely. After a minute or two, the butterfly landed back on the desk, and Hermione carefully put it back into the box and into a side pocket in her bag. She didn't want it getting accidentally crushed. A few minutes later, the rest of her classmates joined her in setting up for Potions class. Theo hissed at her, demanding to know why she was smiling, but Hermione just shook her head and kept smiling. It was a lovely gift, and perfect for her. Much better (and longer lasting) than a box of teeth-rotting chocolates.
Hermione quickly came to the conclusion that the books Quirrell had recommended to her were utterly fascinating, incredibly detailed, and very, very inappropriate for her to be reading. While Snape's book had explained the basics of rituals and what they could do, Quirrell's were more about destroying your enemies from afar in terrible, traumatic ways without them ever knowing you were doing it. Hermione was shocked that the library even had such books. Given their age, she wondered if they'd been legacy-ed in, somehow. If she were a librarian and had ancient, valuable books, she doubted she'd want to give them up, regardless of what they were about. Despite the books' help, it became obvious to Hermione that a ritual would not work in dealing with Pansy. Everything the books suggested was extreme and incredibly malicious. Hermione just wanted to scare Pansy and humiliate her a bit – not kill her. Pansy's barbs had been getting steadily worse. It wasn't just the insulting gift or the barbs about Muggle holidays, but the sneering remarks in the evenings had returned, and the scoffing at everything she did like she was lesser. Pansy hadn't gone so far as to flat-out call her a Muggleborn or a Mudblood, but Hermione wouldn't be surprised if she did soon – she'd certainly been hinting around it for weeks. Whatever shock and careful wariness Pansy had developed after seeing her unscathed the day after the bullying incident had long since worn off, and Hermione had had enough. Hermione had gotten the idea to craft some sort of illusion to make Pansy's blood look like mud, and then arrange for her to get hurt somehow. Then when she was bleeding, everyone would see Pansy was bleeding, and that her blood looked like mud, and Hermione could make some sort of smart quip, and Pansy would run off crying, and her classmates would look at her with a new respect. …It all made sense in her head, anyway. Illusion spells were definitely not something Hermione could manage, though, she'd reluctantly discovered, and she couldn't expect to for a few years. Like glamours, they required a continued use of intense magical power – much more than she had. She considered hiring the Weasley Twins to craft something for her, but that felt too much like cheating. This was an internal Slytherin matter – she needed to keep it to inside Slytherin. It was through searching in the library, scanning the stacks of books the card catalogue had produced when she gave it the subject "blood", that Hermione came upon a possible plan. It wouldn't be as good as making Pansy's blood appear like it was mud, but it might work, if she got everything to be timed right. As Hermione considered the idea further, gnawing on a quill, it gained further merit. Even the potential problems she could see with it could be turned in her favor. All that was left would be to master the spells, pick a time and place, and come up with her smart remark. Hermione smirked and got to work. Hermione chose a Tuesday morning, before Herbology, justifying that it was the most likely class where Pansy could conceivably get hurt. She'd heard from the Gryffindors that they would be pruning things, which made it even better. Hermione awoke extra early on Tuesday, dressed herself, and stood over Pansy's bed. Pansy's face was smoothed out in her sleep; she looked innocent without her usual sneer. Hermione bit her lip, but she firmed her resolve, her mind playing back Pansy's cutting remarks. Hermione carefully whispered a spell, drawing her wand deliberately through the air, and the spell settled over Pansy. As the light dissipated, Pansy and the others were still sleeping, none of them the wiser. She crept out of the dorm room and went to breakfast early. To her surprise, a few other students were in the Great Hall; mostly OWL and NEWT students reading over their food, but a scattering of others. Hermione recognized Mandy Brocklehurst at the Ravenclaw table, and with a quick inquiry and replied invitation, she joined her, pulling out her own book to read. Hermione had been spending more time outside of the Slytherin common room lately, either with Harry and Neville (and Ron, sometimes), or with her Ravenclaw friends. She would occasionally meet with Tracey, Millie, and Blaise outside of Slytherin too, giving the excuse of needing some light or warmth. It didn't take a genius to know that Hermione was sick of the barbed remarks she still got from a lot of the older students, or that Pansy was wearing on Hermione's last nerve. Her Slytherin friends tactfully never mentioned it, her Gryffindor friends railed against the injustice, and her Ravenclaw friends seemed genuinely puzzled by it – why would blood matter so much, if it was obvious Hermione was smart and had magic power? As other students slowly filtered in, Hermione stayed with her peers in Ravenclaw, many of whom were reading while eating as well. It seemed more natural than leaving and going over to the Slytherin table – and what did where someone sat matter anyway? Anthony Goldstein grinned at her as he came in, helping himself to some toast, but it wasn't until Terry Boot came in that people started conversing. "Hermione," he said, nodding. "Fancy seeing you here." "Good morning," Hermione returned, offering a shrug. "I didn't feel like getting my heritage insulted again this morning. I hope you don't mind." "Never," Anthony reassured her with a smile. "We all know the Sorting Hat made a mistake with you, Hermione." Hermione laughed and let herself blush a bit, and Anthony looked pleased. "I've been thinking," Terry announced. "Why do people call Muggle-borns 'Mudbloods' anyway?" Mandy gasped and shot Terry a dirty look, while Michael looked distinctly uncomfortable. "That's rude," Mandy hissed at him. "They call them that because they're prejudiced morons." "No, no, no," Terry said, waving his hand. "I mean the term. Mudblood. It's not like anyone's blood is actually made of mud, is it?" Hermione immediately understood his point, and she tried to suppress a grin. "You're right," she said. "It's not like anybody bleeds a different color than any other person." Hermione kept her tone natural, even as she steered the conversation. "The only people that bleed other colors are creatures or part-creatures, like trolls or giants." "Other creatures bleed different colors?" Michael asked, raising an eyebrow. Hermione shrugged, carefully neutral. "Some of them. It depends on the species." "So where did the term originate, then?" Terry wanted to know. "It's got to be from somewhere." Hermione took a backseat as the conversation continued. Anthony said he didn't know; it was probably just a combination of the start of 'Muggle-born' combined with blood. Michael Corner suggested something more unique – the muggle creation myth had muggles being made of dirt and clay. Perhaps that was the start of the term? It was interesting being able to academically discuss the topic with everyone keeping the conversation purely academic – no grandstanding about hating Mudbloods or sneering at all. The only emotion that came into it at all was a concerned side-eye from Anthony, who had glanced at Hermione, then at Pansy, before returning to the conversation. It was all very theoretical and curious, and Hermione found herself enjoying the conversation much more than she intended. When the time came for Herbology, the Ravenclaws and Slytherins headed down to the greenhouses together. Tracey and Millie fell into step next to Hermione, just in front of the Ravenclaws, who had gone on to discuss trolls. "Trolls have a thicker, greenish-tinted blood," Terry said. "I think it's from copper. But I have no idea why." "Different creatures get oxygen to their body in different ways, I think," Mandy said. "My cousin's a healer and told me. Humans' just happens to be bright red. That's all." Hermione couldn't believe her luck. She did her best to school her face into a mask of indifference as they all filed into the greenhouse. "Trimming today!" Professor Sprout chirped, coming into the greenhouse and clapping her hands. "Everyone take a set of trimmers, and carefully prune your Ameanello plants! Be careful – the vines will have grown thorns by now!" Hermione quickly grabbed a pair of shears, aiming for one of the newer sets. She was pleased to see Pansy got one of the older pairs, as Pansy sniffed in derision. The class quickly settled into a rhythm, talking quietly and pruning the plants, which had grown into sprawling messes. The vines needed cut off from where they were strangling the leaves, and they were curled all around themselves. Each plant was like a tangled necklace with spikes. Hermione waited until they were maybe halfway into the class before crouching down, slipping her wand from her sleeve, and taking careful aim at Pansy. "Malus Fortuna." Her casting proved true, and Pansy was hit with a dull sickly purple light in her calf. Hermione quickly stood and looked around – it seemed no one had noticed. Pleased, Hermione put her wand away and continued pruning her plant. She didn't have to wait long for results. "Ouch!" Pansy's plant seemed to be attacking her, Hermione mused, watching from the side of her eye. Every time Pansy went to prune off a spiked vine, it seemed to move and stab her arm. "Ouch! Ow!" "Do be careful, dear," Professor Sprout said, coming over to worry over Pansy. "The vines can flail if you don't calm your plant down." "Calm down a plant," Pansy hissed, after Professor Sprout had moved away. "I swear, the thing's attacking me." "It's just bad luck, Pansy," Daphne said, clipping her own plant with slow, careful movements. "It's not. This stupid plant is – OWW!" Hermione's eye flew to the scene just in time to see Pansy fall, clutching her arm. Her trimmers were on the ground next to her, one of the blades bloody – it seemed like she had cut herself. "I'm bleeding! I'm bleeding!" Pansy yelped, furious tears clouding her eyes. "This assignment is horrid. Can't these plants fend for themselves in the wild?" The other students gathered around Pansy, watching, and Professor Sprout hurried over. "It's okay, dear," she told her. "We'll just fix that scratch right up." "It's not a scratch," Pansy said, upset. "I'm wounded. It's bleeding." "Move your hand aside, and we'll see what we're dealing with," Professor Sprout said patiently. "You're far from the first to get injured in a greenhouse." Slowly, Pansy moved her hand aside, and there was a quiet murmur through the crowd. Hermione objectively assessed Pansy's wound. The cut was large but mostly on the surface, the blade not having gone too deep. It wasn't too bad, but it was bloody – if it weren't for magic, she'd almost certainly have a scar. Hermione watched with satisfaction as Pansy's arm continued to bleed slowly, the whispering behind her growing. "Why's her blood so dark?" "That's her blood?" "What's wrong with her?" Pansy, for her part, was staring in horror at her own arm. The blood staining her arm was dark – very, very dark. It was still her blood, unfortunately – Hermione hadn't been able to figure out how to transfigure it into mud without killing Pansy. She had, however, found a spell to deoxygenate blood – and laid it as a layer over Pansy's skin. Any blood leaving Pansy's body through her skin would be stripped of its oxygen – leaving it very, very dark, and looking very, very different than the bright red color blood generally turned upon contact with the air. It had been a complicated spell, with very precise wand movements and pronunciation, but it hadn't required that much magical power. Hermione had practiced on herself for a week until she was sure she'd had it down. Professor Sprout herself looked rather shaken. She kept examining Pansy's wound, trying to determine the amount of the damage, but she kept getting distracted by the color. "Does… does it usually look like this when you get hurt, Miss Parkinson?" she asked delicately. "I don't usually get hurt, Professor." Pansy sneered through her tears. "I don't generally try to cut nasty plants with rusty shears." The class was talking now, to Hermione's satisfaction. Some were alarmed at what the plant did to Pansy, while others were more of the opinion that it was Pansy's fault the blood was so dark. "We were literally just talking about this," Terry insisted to Michael. "And we all agreed that human blood is bright red." "Maybe she's not entirely human, then," Hermione said quietly. Her voice was soft, but pitched to carry, and the other students quieted a little. Pansy's eyes flew to Hermione, a note of terror in them, and Hermione felt a satisfaction in watching her. "You think?" Blaise said, stepping up next to her. "It is awful dark, for blood…" "Maybe Pansy's not such a pureblood after all," Hermione murmured. "With blood like that…" she trailed off, looking resigned. "…who's to say she belongs in the Sacred 28 at all?" There was a quiet gasp, and Hermione caught a glimpse of Daphne looking at Pansy with wide eyes, her hands over her mouth. Crabbe and Goyle both looked confused, but surprised. "I'm sure there's nothing special about this injury," Professor Sprout snapped, helping Pansy to her feet. "Up! Up. Hospital wing for you." "There's nothing special about her injury," Theo snorted. "There's something special about her blood. What she calls 'blood'." "Five points from Slytherin," Professor Sprout said curtly. "Go back to your plant trimming. Pansy, with me. I'll walk you to the castle." They all drifted back to their plants, everyone watching Sprout help Pansy to the castle – apparently, she'd fallen on her leg in a painful way, and she was limping now. "Normal blood doesn't look like that," Terry Boot insisted, hissing. "What's going on with her?" "Maybe it's just… I don't know," Mandy said, looking distressed. "I mean, do we really know what blood looks like?" "Yes, we do," Hermione said firmly. "Look." Casting a sterilization charm on her shears that she'd gotten from the same medical book she'd found the deoxygenating charm in, Hermione dragged her shears across her arm, tearing open her skin. Those people near her gasped. "Look," Hermione said, fighting the urge to wince at the pain. "This is normal blood." She squeezed her arm, and bright red blood pooled on her forearm, sliding off through the crook of her elbow and dripping to the floor. Anthony looked queasy, while Terry Boot was staring at her blood, fascinated. "That is sick," he proclaimed. Hermione cast Episkey to heal her arm, getting it right on the second try. She wiped her arm off with a handkerchief, tucking it away in her pocket. "Try it yourself, if you don't believe me," she said, her voice pitched to carry. "I can help you heal any cuts you get. Look at your blood… and then compare it to the 'blood' Pansy had." Everyone looked slightly uncomfortable, but by the time Professor Sprout returned, everyone was dutifully chopping off spiked vines once more. Hermione was quietly satisfied when Terry, Theo, Blaise, and Goyle came up to her during class, each muttering an excuse about having an accident with the clippers. "Good show, Hermione, helping out your classmates like that – and with such an advanced spell!" Professor Sprout said, catching her healing Terry. "Ten points to Slytherin." When class ended, Hermione hung behind as she gathered her things, listening to the excited murmurs of her classmates. Lunch was next, and Hermione was sure that the gossip would run wild. "…Hermione?" Hermione turned, and to her surprise, saw Daphne, who was biting her lip. "I just… I just had to know," she admitted, holding out her hand. "Will you help?" There was a small, straight cut on her palm, welling up with bright red blood. Hermione hid her satisfaction. "Episkey." The cut sealed itself, and Hermione wiped off the blood from Daphne's hand. Daphne let out a shaky breath. "Mine looked like yours," she said, almost to herself. "And Theo's," Hermione added. "And Blaise's. And Goyle's." Daphne looked at her, before she nodded slowly. "Thank you," she said firmly. "It's always better to know." She hoisted her pack up and headed up to the castle, leaving Hermione as the last one to clear out of the greenhouse, wondering what Daphne thought she now knew.
Over lunch, rumors were running wild. Pansy still hadn't returned from Madam Pomfrey's, and the gossip was flying. "I'm telling you, she's a vampire!" Tracey insisted, her eyes wide. "Blood that's alive isn't that color – only dead blood is!" "Dead blood?" Millie said skeptically, and Tracey blushed. "I- I've gotten my cycle," she said. "The blood that comes out then is darker, and dead. Pansy's blood looked like that." Tracey had gotten her period, Hermione noted absently. She still had to look into that – and probably should do it soon. If she did the math, and it turned out the optimal time to start her own had already passed… "It's pretty clear that Pansy's part troll," Blaise said, his eyes sparkling. "Green and red would make a really dark color – they're opposites. Part green for troll, part red for human." Hermione didn't participate in the conversation, choosing instead to focus on her food and on not letting a smile slip across her lips as she eavesdropped. "…so of course she wouldn't tell anyone that her grandmother was actually-" "My grandmother was a what, Zabini?" Pansy's voice cracked across the table like a whip, and the gossip stopped, everyone turning to look at Pansy. Pansy had a large bandage over her arm, but otherwise seemed fine. Her hands were on her hips, and she was glaring. Tracey cowered slightly behind Hermione. Blaise, to his credit, didn't flinch. "A troll, Pansy," he told her. "We were theorizing that your grandmother was a troll." Pansy sniffed and pushed her way onto the bench in her usual seat next to Draco. "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard in my life," she dismissed. "Everyone knows my grandmother." "Your alleged grandmother," Blaise baited. "It's entirely possible that your grandmother was infertile, your grandfather sired a child on a troll, and then they claimed the baby as the Parkinson heir." Pansy shot him a nasty look, and Blaise looked triumphant. "There is nothing wrong with my blood," Pansy snapped. "After Madame Pomfrey helped me out, my blood was the normal color again." The matron must have cast a Finite Incantatum, Hermione mused. It made sense – best not to start healing spells without making sure you were dealing with a clean slate. "Whatever weird sap was on that plant must have caused my blood to look weird, is all," Pansy sniffed. "You cut yourself with the trimmers though, didn't you Pansy?" Hermione said quietly. "Your cut wasn't from the plant." The table fell silent, their classmates looking between the two. Pansy sneered at Hermione. "There must have been sap on the trimmers, then." "How interesting," Hermione mused. She turned to Goyle. "I believe you got cut with your trimmers as well during class." Goyle looked at her stupidly, before comprehending and nodding. "Yeah," he agreed. "Twice." "And what color was your blood…?" Goyle looked at Pansy, then looked back to Hermione. "Normal," he grunted. "Bright red. Human." Hermione let her eyes drift back over to Pansy, who was flushed with anger. "We'll test it right now, then," Pansy challenged. "We'll both cut ourselves, Granger. We'll see who has the normal blood." "A brave proposal," Hermione said. "However…" She let the word linger on the air, and her classmates leaned closer. "…you've been gone for quite a while, haven't you?" Hermione suggested. "Who's to say you haven't found some illusion to make your blood look normal?" Pansy's face went an unflattering shade of mottled red with rage. "It's only when it's truly unexpected that we can see the truth of what something is," Hermione continued. "That's why the Ministry does random audits, random inspections. And when your blood was randomly tested, it came up… lacking." "I do not have dirty blood!" Pansy yelled. The rest of the Slytherin table fell silent, even the 7th years looking down the table to see Pansy kneeling on her seat, glaring at Hermione. Hermione raised her eyebrows. "Dear me, Pansy," she said, her voice slightly mocking. "I don't believe I said a word about your blood being dirty. I just said it was different." She paused, tilting her head. "I wonder why you were thinking we thought your blood was dirty…? Guilty conscience, perhaps...?" Pansy glared at her, before grabbing her things and angrily storming off from the lunch table. Hermione allowed a small smirk to curl at the sides of her lips – that was a forfeit in a battle of wits if there ever was one. After Pansy left, conversation gradually returned. Theo and Blaise were discussing Pansy quietly, as were Millie, Tracey, and even Daphne. Hermione contented herself with eavesdropping and enjoying her lunch. The food tasted richer today, for some reason – sweeter, better. As she looked up to claim a roll, her eyes met Draco's, and she paused. Draco's eyes were boring into her. He'd clearly waited for her to look up to make eye contact. She waited, before Draco finally raised a questioning eyebrow. Hermione raised her own eyebrow in return, allowing a small smirk to curl around her lips. Let him make of that what he would. Draco's own eyes widened, before he jerked his head, nodding once, decisively, and returning to his own lunch and interrupting Goyle to correct him on some trivial matter. Hermione wondered if she'd just confirmed Draco's suspicions, somehow, or if he just thought her mean. It was well known that she and Pansy didn't get along – of course Hermione would take advantage of Pansy's accident in such a way. Still, though. Hermione got the feeling that somehow, Draco knew she was to blame for Pansy's odd blood appearance, though there was absolutely no way he could know how it had been done.
To Hermione's delight, Pansy stopped making snide remarks at her and appeared subdued. Her friendship with Daphne even seemed strained, which Hermione enjoyed taking advantage of by talking to Daphne more and learning about her. It was interesting to hear about what one of the Sacred 28 grew up with – the deportment lessons, the dancing classes, the etiquette, on and on and on. Part of Hermione was keeping a mental list and dreading everything she'd have to learn to fit into high society, but she couldn't help but find it fascinating. The incident at that lunch had also reminded Hermione of something; Tracey had mentioned she'd gotten her cycle, when she was describing dead blood. And Snape had said something about a witch's power growing exponentially from that point on. It was a very tedious afternoon Hermione spent one day, plugging in different hypothetical numbers, trying to find what would be the best month to purposefully have her period between age 11 and age 17. If a witch's power began growing at 11, in a linear fashion, and then would begin growing exponentially at some point X between age 11 and 17, and stop growing at age 17, at what value of X was the maximum final result? It was incredibly frustrating for Hermione. She didn't know the math necessary to make an equation to solve it, and she finally went off in search of a Prefect, who directed her to Professor Vector. Professor Vector was a tall woman with long black hair, pale skin, and red robes, and she was pleasant woman whose eyes lit up at the prospect of a puzzle. Hermione explained her dilemma, without referring to why she was trying to find this out or her ultimate goal at all – just maximizing the final result, as if a slider being adjusted, growing linearly and then exponentially. Professor Vector accepted this as completely normal, and Hermione wondered if she was the type of person who entertained herself with complicated math questions in her mind regularly. The woman scribbled out a few equations, solving them rapidly one after the other after the other. Hermione watched, not recognizing some of the operators in the equations at all. Whatever math Professor Vector was using, Hermione wasn't able to follow, but it was interesting nonetheless. "Arithmancy is usually used for prediction trees, but it can be used without magic for this sort of thing," Professor Vector told her. "In your 3rd year, Arithmancy is an additional course you can sign up for." "It looks hard," Hermione admitted. "I don't know anything beyond Algebra, but I was always good at it. You can make prediction trees?" Professor Vector nodded. "We use the math to create formulas, and then magic to help create statistics and values of real-world things, turning them into constants to plug in. The equation then gives us the likelihood of outcomes. It's used mostly for spell crafting and curse breaking." Hermione found the idea fascinating. The answer Professor Vector gave her was 18 – 18 months after she'd turned 11 would be the optimal time to have her period, to maximize her potential power output. Hermione counted, and quickly realized that she was in her 17th month already – with no period to speak of, and it didn't seem inclined to be coming any time soon. She thanked Professor Vector profusely, promising to sign up for her class in third year. Hermione went up to the Ravenclaw common room to think, idly answering a riddle on her way in. She picked her favorite window seat and looked out over the grounds, her mind racing. Could she purposefully have her period early…? This, more than anything, felt like cheating. Forcing her body to mature faster than it wanted to in order to maximize her magical potential felt akin to athletes taking performance-enhancing drugs. But still… now that she knew, she couldn't not do it. It would be monumentally unfair, if after everything she'd done, to end up not being a powerful witch by a quirk of genetics or chance. She couldn't not look into this. Not when failing here could ruin everything. Not when it would affect her for the rest of her life. But… to force her period to come? How? Hermione's mother had had her period come early one month, once; she always told the story with a grin. She'd been at an earthy, female-only New Age camping gathering in her twenties, and the mosquitoes had been fierce. It being a New Age gathering, the women hadn't been about to use mosquito spray, so they'd all used pennyroyal oil, rubbing it on themselves to ward off the bugs. Within two days, all of the women attending had unexpectedly gotten their period, and they had subsequently learned all the effects of pennyroyal oil, in addition to repelling bugs. Her mother joked that they called it the Mass Menstruation of the Midlands, and Hermione had always giggled and declared it gross. Hermione could owl her mother and ask for a bottle of pennyroyal oil. But… would that even work? Surely pennyroyal oil would only work if she'd already started her cycle? Otherwise, there'd be nothing for her uterus to expel, would there? Hermione sighed and made a note to owl her mother just in case, but she resolved to keep looking. There had to be a better way, and she was rapidly running out of time.
The better way, Hermione determined, was to ask an adult. She'd gone to Madam Pomfrey first, who had dramatically misunderstood Hermione's careful questions about what caused a witch's first period. Hermione came away with an armful of sanitary supplies and a few pamphlets about how her body was changing and how to take care of herself during her period, but no information on how to make her period start. She'd considered going to Professor Snape to ask before considering the facial expression he'd had when the subject had been brought up. They'd been talking about research only he was privy to – and he'd shortly thereafter mentioned that the other secret information he had (how to fly) had been told to him by the Dark Lord. It probably wouldn't be a good idea, she decided, to tell him she wanted to forcibly start her cycle to gain more power, when that knowledge probably came from a Dark source. And any magic to do with blood was dodgy – a lot of wizards classified anything to do with blood that wasn't obviously healing magic as "Dark" without a second thought. She then considered asking Professor McGonagall, before realizing that McGonagall would want to know why, which would reveal things that Hermione didn't really want to discuss. She'd probably be especially worried – Hermione had learned that blood, especially menstrual blood, had been a component in a lot of old rituals. And Hermione liked Professor McGonagall. She didn't want her to think she was a Dark witch. Which had led Hermione to this. She sighed. "Professor Quirrell?" "Y-y-yes, Miss G-g-granger?" Quirrell looked up at her as she approached his desk after class, the rest of the students filing out, chattering. She waited until they were all gone before pausing, taking a deep breath, and steadying her resolve. "I was wondering if you knew of a way to make a young witch start her period. To start her menstruating." The shock on Quirrell's face was obvious, his jaw going slack and his eyes large. He gaped at her for a moment, before an odd look came over his face, and his face was rapidly pulled under control, his eyes looking at her calculatingly. "Eager, are you, Miss Granger?" Hermione didn't quite know how to answer that one. She was absolutely not eager to get her period – it sounded like a hassle she'd have to deal with the rest of her life, and if she got the choice, she'd rather not have one at all – but the magical benefits of getting it soon were too real to deny. "Academic curiosity," Hermione said, keeping her voice light. "New research shows that women who start their periods later in life are more likely to have fertility difficulties. Medicine interests me, and I wondered what could help witches with such issues." That was a stretch – women who didn't have periods until after 16 were at a marginally higher risk of such things. Hermione hoped Quirrell wasn't familiar with Muggle studies. Quirrell was looking at her. He again raised an eyebrow. "Miss Granger." His voice was low, smooth, and utterly unlike Quirrell's normal voice. There was something hidden in it, something powerful, and Hermione shivered. "Miss Granger. Tell me why you want this knowledge. Tell me honestly," he told her quietly, "and I might tell you what you wish to know." He has disassociative identity disorder, Hermione thought faintly. There is no way this is the Quirrell who teaches me Defense. Hermione swallowed hard. "I learned that magical power grows linearly, and then exponentially, as a witch grows," she started tentatively. "I wanted-" "Where have you heard of such knowledge?" Quirrell snapped, and Hermione froze. "Um. Professor Snape let it slip. I was talking to him about- I think it was about exercises to increase my power, and he-" "You are actively exercising your power to increase it?" Hermione looked up at Quirrell, his eyes narrowed on her. "…yes," Hermione admitted. "I want to be a very powerful witch when I grow up. The most powerful, if I can pull it off." Quirrell continued to look at her with sharp eyes. Uneasy, Hermione continued on. "Anyway, Professor Snape said that when a witch starts her cycle, her power reserves begin to grow exponentially, instead of just linearly, and I-" "You are in your eighteenth month?" Quirrell finished for her, his lips twisting into a disturbing smile. "You turned eleven eighteen months ago?" Hermione stared at him. "Ah—this is my seventeenth, actually," she said faintly. "March will be my eighteenth. I- ah- I guess you've read the research and did the math yourself-?" "I am familiar with this research," he said, his eyes glittering at her. "Unfortunately, it was not available when I was a young wizard, or I would have availed myself of such knowledge too." Hermione froze. Quirrell, previously the Muggle Studies teacher, was aware of secret knowledge Snape had gotten directly from the Dark Lord? Hermione took a deep breath, steadying herself, exhaling carefully. Hermione looked to Quirrell, trying her best to keep calm and betray nothing. She was a Slytherin, she was as emotionless as a rock, and she was unafraid. She was just asking a Professor for help with a problem, that was all. Nothing else was going on here. "…I want to make sure I start my cycle in my eighteenth month," Hermione said. She bit her lip, looking at him. "And- you have familiarity with rituals. I wondered if there was one that you knew of that I could use?" Quirrell looked at her, hard. Hermione fought the urge to squirm. "There is," he said abruptly. He reached for a drawer in his desk, finally breaking eye contact, and Hermione exhaled in quiet relief. "It is not exactly intended for what you want it for, but it will work." He pulled a slip of parchment from his desk, writing the name of a book on it and signing it. "It will be in Chapter 8, if I remember correctly," he told her. "If anyone asks, you are doing an extra credit project on what makes hags different from humans." Hermione didn't know the first thing about hags, but she nodded earnestly. "Do not let others see you seeking power so openly," Quirrell warned her, his voice suddenly cold. "Ambition in Slytherin is a source of pride, but craving magical power… people will begin to whisper about you." Hermione nodded. She considered for a moment, before letting her eyes meet his once more. "I know. There was a reason I came to you," she admitted, her voice quiet. "I knew you'd understand." Quirrell looked thrown by that, and Hermione felt a flash of satisfaction. "…you were clever, in your choice, then," he said. He stood, and Hermione took the slip from him and gathered her books, recognizing her implied dismissal. "Thank you, Professor." "Y-y-you are welcome, Miss G-g-granger." Quirrell paused. "B-but I would get that book quickly, if I were you." His lips twisted again. "You are very literally running out of time." Hermione would try to reassure herself later that she'd managed to walk very calmly out of the Defense classroom, but it had felt very much as if she'd given in to the urge to flee.
"Professor Snape?" Professor Snape looked up at her from his place at his desk in his office. He rolled his eyes and turned back to his marking, but it wasn't sharp enough to be a rebuke, so Hermione entered his office and closed the door behind her. Snape continued to ignore her, but Hermione was content to look around the room, swinging her legs. She peered at the essay Snape was slashing red ink all over – about antidotes of some sort? It was hard to read the handwriting upside-down. "…do you grade all the essays like that?" she asked. Snape gave her a curt look. "Are you implying I might favor the Slytherins over other houses to the point of academic dishonesty?" Snape's tone was dark. "What? No!" Hermione exclaimed. "I mean, I've never gotten an essay back from you with that many comments all over it. I wondered if it's only something you do with the older years." Snape continued writing, but Hermione could see his shoulders ease. "In that case, Miss Granger, the answer is 'no', but for reasons other than the ones you presume." With a flourish, he finished grading and set his quill down, his eyes meeting hers, glinting. "I grade bad essays in such a manner." "Oh." Hermione nibbled her lip. "So… if there aren't many mistakes…" "You have few remarks on your essays, Miss Granger, because yours are well-reasoned, well-constructed, and don't have grammatical or spelling errors," Snape said dryly. "Comments on your essays are often notes for things for you to consider next time – not something your essay was lacking, necessarily, but something additional on the topic you might want to incorporate in the future. In case you were in need of further references for footnotes in the future." Hermione colored. Snape smirked. "Your classmates, however, did not graduate from whatever essay-writing program you did, and they do not read and cite half of the library to complete their homework. They get corrections marked, and comments that are more critical than constructive." Snape looked at the remaining stack of essays he had on his desk, before pinching the bridge of his nose tightly. "However, I doubt you came here to ask questions about my grading – you've been doing well in my class." Hermione nodded. "I- ah- I wanted to ask you a potentially sensitive question." Snape raised an eyebrow. "Yes?" Hermione hesitated. "I tried to look this up, but I couldn't find anything firm, and I wondered if this is one of those things that's just unstated and understood in the wizarding world, that I didn't know-" "Miss Granger, cease your needless prattling and disclaimers," Snape said, sitting back in his chair. "I will answer your question. What is it?" Hermione bit her lip, hesitating. "What is Dark magic?" Snape froze. Hermione swallowed. "I will answer your question," Snape said finally. "But first – why are you asking this question?" Hermione nodded slowly. That seemed reasonable. "A lot of books talk about how the Dark Arts are seductive and can tempt people into sinking further and further into the Dark without realizing it," Hermione said. "I can't find any formal definition of what a 'Dark Art' is, though. And if Dark Arts are seductive and tempting, how will I know what I'm supposed to avoid if I can't recognize it on sight?" She glanced up at Snape, but his face was stony, unmoving. "I mean, I can mostly look at something and think 'That's a bad thing to do; I shouldn't do that', but I don't know if there's anything more to it, and at this point, unless I get a book called Introduction to the Dark Arts or some other such reference from the library, I don't think I'm going to be able to find a formal definition-" Snape held up a hand, and Hermione stopped rambling. He looked at her for a long moment, before he sighed. "Of course you would want a formal definition," he said. His voice was tired. "Just 'stay away from the Dark Arts' wouldn't be enough for you." "How can I stay away from it if I don't know what it is?" Hermione reasoned. "Enough, Miss Granger." Snape pinched the bridge of his nose. "I will tell you." Hermione carefully hid any reaction to his concession. It wouldn't do for him to see her happy at successfully convincing him to talk to her about the Dark Arts. Snape sat up and folded his hands in front of him on his desk. His eyes glittered. "Are you looking for the Ministry-defined definition of what the Dark Arts are," he asked, "or what they actually are?" Hermione swallowed. "Umm… both?" Snape's eyes glinted, as if he'd expected her answer. "Indeed." He stood abruptly, lifting his wand and waving it at a set of his shelves. Hermione watched in surprise as the shelves moved, shifting in front of another set, revealing a chalk board. Snape smirked at her surprise, and Hermione saw him mentally settle into lecture mode. "There are two popular definitions of what defines the Dark Arts circulating in the public and at the Ministry," Snape said. "The first is: the Dark Arts are magic that hurts someone or that requires something other than just the caster." The chalk scribbled across the chalkboard, and Hermione watched. "That's…" Hermione bit her lip. "But that's wrong." Snape's eyes glinted. "Tell me why." "A tripping jinx can hurt someone, but I don't think it counts as a Dark Art," Hermione said. "Same with cutting curses. And… summoning things like elementals isn't Dark, it's Grey. You taught me that." Snape nodded. "Precisely so. Which brings us to the current legal definition." He waved at the board, and Hermione read as the next definition scrawled itself across the board. The Dark Arts refers to any type of magic that is mainly used to cause harm to, exert control over, or even kill the victim. Hermione looked at this definition, then to Snape, then back to the board. "Does this definition meet with your satisfaction, Miss Granger?" he asked silkily. Hermione tried not to fidget. "…no, not really," she said finally. "Unless Cutting Curses and Stunning Spells are Dark Arts?" His eyes gleamed. "Do you think they are?" Hermione considered. "I think they could be, if that's truly what people mean by Dark Arts," Hermione said. "Forcing your will on another person by rendering them unconscious… I can imagine that being considered Dark. But I've read that the Stunning Spell is one of the primary spells Aurors use in defense, so… I think even if it's technically Dark, it can't really be Dark." Snape nodded slowly, and Hermione let go of a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. "You see the difficulty here," he said, waving at the board. "The truth is the Dark Arts are an ever-changing, ever mutable craft. Legal definitions cannot keep up and spell out every variation as it develops." He waved his wand, and the board cleared itself, the bookshelf sliding back into place. "Ever-changing?" Hermione had a flash of horror, imagining some giant, dark entity secretly corrupting the world. "Are… are they alive?" "In a fashion." Snape returned to his desk and sat down. "The Dark Arts are alive, Miss Granger, in the sense that people are alive." Hermione tried to turn that over in her mind. "The Dark Arts is a term created to explain the corruption of the soul when a person uses certain types of magic," Snape said, his voice soft. "When a person casts a spell to overcome another person, another's will, there is a flash of satisfaction, a dark sense of a flash of power. But it depends entirely on the intent of the person using the magic." Hermione blinked. "It depends on the intent?" "It does." Snape sat back in his chair. "Imagine: you are in Defense your O.W.L. year, and there is a practical exercise to practice Stunning Charms on each other. Do you participate?" "Of course." Hermione couldn't imagine herself not participating in an exercise in class. "Now: imagine a hated enemy standing atop a set of stairs, with no one else around. Would you cast a Stunning Charm now?" "No!" Hermione gasped. "They could get a concussion and get really hurt!" Snape raised an eyebrow. "And you are so opposed to hurting people?" His tone was slightly mocking. Hermione flushed and looked away. Snape smirked and continued. "The intent behind the use of the spell is what matters," he said. "If you were to use the Stunning Spell in such a situation, you would discover a dark flash of satisfaction, at seeing your enemy topple, at feeling your power overcome another person. It would feel very different to you than casting the same charm in class would have felt." "This is the danger of the Dark Arts," Snape said, his black eyes holding hers. "They differ for each person. There are the obvious culprits that are nigh universal – the torture curse, the killing curse, things such as blood-boiling curses – but there are more subtle ones as well. The girl who finds it easy to cast a cutting curse at her classmate as a first year may find it easier to cast another curse, a crueler curse the next year. The memory of the dark whisper of power she felt at casting the first will tempt her to casting another, and another, and another." Hermione's eyes were wide with horror. "So… I've…?" "Have you?" Snape questioned, with a shrug. "Have you felt that whisper of power, tempting you? Some of your classmates have – Pansy, certainly. Young Draco and Theo as well, I daresay. It is not unusual. But the whispers of power from childish hexes and jinxes are much less than the rush of power from casting something like the Imperius curse, and less dark and tempting as a result." Hermione wracked her brain. "I… I cast a Bad Luck hex on Pansy," Hermione admitted. "I… think that's the closest I've come? I didn't feel a dark rush of anything, though… after my plan worked, I just felt a dark sense of satisfaction. Is that the same thing?" "It is not, but it might be close," Snape said. "You were motivated by justified revenge, in your mind. As I said, intent and motive is everything. If you had done such a thing unprompted, I suspect you would have had a different experience with the entire thing." She wouldn't have done it unprompted, Hermione thought furiously. But… maybe that was the point. If Dark roughly equaled "bad", and she didn't do bad things… "The best way to avoid temptation into the Dark Arts is to ask yourself a few key questions when you find yourself wondering." Snape's eyes glittered in the dim light. "First: why are you doing this thing? Second: what effects does this thing have on others? And third: if there are effects on others, do you have their consent to do such a thing?" Hermione gnawed on her lip. "So… something like, say… doing a ritual to gain more magical power wouldn't be Dark? So long as it didn't hurt anyone else?" Snape's eyes sharpened. "Miss Granger, I begin to grow alarmed at your quest for power at so young an age." "I just want to grow up to be the best," Hermione objected vehemently. "If you want to be the best violinist, you practice 10,000 hours before age sixteen. If you want to be the best football player, you practice and practice and make sure you're strong and in great shape before you're old enough to play professionally. If I want to be the best witch around, why is it so absurd I'd be working toward that goal now?" Snape's lips twisted. "And what, exactly, do you imagine the position of 'Best Witch' looks like?" Hermione hesitated. "I- what?" "Once you graduate Hogwarts, as the most powerful witch in Britain," Snape said, his eyes glittering. "What do you imagine doing with that particular accolade?" "I-" "Do you imagine there is a career path of "Best Witch" out there for you? Or that the Minister of Magic is chosen based on raw magical power?" "No!" Hermione could feel her face flushing. "I just-" "You just what, Miss Granger?" Snape drawled. Hermione drew herself up. "I want to establish my own Great House," she said firmly. Snape raised an eyebrow. "And you think great personal power will help you with this goal?" "It has to," Hermione insisted. "If… If I am very powerful, and people believe that Magic itself touched me, and acknowledge me as New Blood, and if I can assemble a large enough fortune and get a stronghold of some sort…" Snape laughed, a dark sort of amusement. Hermione shivered. "You don't just want your place in magical society," he surmised. "You want your place in History." Hermione bit her lip, but she held her chin high. "And if I do?" she said, managing to keep a waver out of her tone. Snape looked down on her for a long moment, before his eyes softened slightly, and the smallest smile touched his lips. "Then I have much less to worry about you than I feared," he told her. Hermione blinked. "You do?" "Miss Granger, the last person to be so determined to accumulate mass amounts of raw power was the Dark Lord himself," Snape told her, settling back in his chair. "He respected power above all else, and the desire and ambition for more of it. He tempted people to join him with promises of learning forgotten magics and forbidden powers. To see another person, so determinedly trying to become very powerful… there were certain similarities even I could not deny." Hermione's mouth was dry. She couldn't even think to object. "I- another Dark Lord?" she croaked. "Dark Lady, but yes, the potential was there," Snape said. "Is there. A small chance, I considered, given your friendship with students in other houses, but a chance nonetheless. Knowing you are merely a perfectionist and want to maximize the gain you get from Hogwarts while you are here simply because that is who you are… I am much less concerned now, I find." "I can't believe you thought I might grow up to be a Dark Lady," Hermione repeated, moaning. "Do I seem so evil?" Snape smirked. "Slytherin is the house of the ambitious, Miss Granger; I watch all my snakes for signs of what they are ambitious for," he told her. "Young Malfoy wants to restore his family name and have a dynasty of power over magical Britain. Miss Parkinson wants nothing more than to become a society wife who moves and gossips in the circles of the powerful. Crabbe and Goyle just want to attach themselves to someone else powerful – they want to be powerful but are savvy enough to know that they'll never get there themselves, and they need someone else to tell them what to do. Most of your classmates only have vague goals at this point, and their ambitions will firm up as they grow up." Hermione stared at him. "So… what's my ambition, then?" she asked. Snape gave her a look. "You want to become all you can be," he said simply. "Right now, you envision that as meaning establishing your own Great House, but once you achieve that, I suspect you will find yourself not satisfied and wanting to do something more. Your goal, Miss Granger, is to reach your full potential, simply because you can." Hermione looked at him, but Snape's face was impassive. There was no judgement on his face, no condemnation in his eyes for her being a perfectionist, no snide remarks about her being power-hungry, no further concern about her turning Dark. "Do you think I can do it, sir?" Snape's eyes glittered. "Can do it, perhaps. Will you do it?" he said. He raised an eyebrow, and gave her a mocking shrug of his shoulders. "That remains to be seen." "But you think it's possible?" Hermione repeated, her heart lifting. "You think it's possible? For me to found a Great House?" Snape gave her an exasperated look. "Are you so bereft of praise that you must plead with me for it?" he demanded. "Yes, Miss Granger. If you continue on the path you have been on, you very well might change the entire Wizarding World. Is that what you so desperately needed to hear?" His caustic words bounced right off of her, and Hermione realized she was smiling, part of herself feeling somehow reassured. "But not if you continue to linger in my office and inhibit me doing my marking," Snape said curtly. "Then your body will be found drained in the dungeons under the lake, your blood the main component of my new ink." Though his dismissal was a dramatic and particularly gory threat, Hermione found herself laughing as she left his office, closing the door behind her.
The weather at Hogwarts turned wet, and Hermione found herself frustrated and trapped inside. She could hardly hide behind the castle and practice flying when it was raining – it was hard enough to practice with just herself. Adding water and wind would be a disastrous combination. Hermione found herself brooding in the upper levels of the castle, thinking hard about what Snape had told her. Her memories of the older Slytherins cursing her and kicking her on the floor of the dungeons replayed themselves over and over in her mind, and Hermione had to admit to herself that she was desperate to be more powerful, to be able to protect herself. The ritual Quirrell had given her... it seemed like it might be Dark, but under Snape's definition... "I am doing this thing to gain more power," Hermione murmured to herself, watching the rain from a window. "It affects only myself, and I have my own full consent." That settled, she endeavored to put the matter from her mind. Hermione spent more time with Neville and Harry, helping them master the Mending Charm. Neither of them was very good at it – Neville had issues with getting the power needed for all the magical stitches needed out smoothly, instead of erratic bursts, and Harry's mends kept falling apart after a few moments. Both of them had seemed distracted as of late, though, and Hermione finally demanded one day to know why. Harry and Neville exchanged a long glance, before Harry turned to her, resolute. "Snape is refereeing the next Quidditch match," he told her. Hermione raised an eyebrow. "…and?" Harry gave her a look. "He's going to try and kill Harry again!" Neville said, distressed, and Hermione could barely refrain from rolling her eyes. "Snape is not trying to kill Harry," she informed them. "If Snape wanted Harry dead, he would have coated his wand with a delayed-action poison while it was in the Quidditch locker room – something that would cause heart failure long after Snape made sure he was nowhere near Harry when he finally kicked it." Harry and Neville stared at her. "…those things exist?" Neville said faintly. Hermione shrugged. "I don't know. Probably. And if they don't, Snape could definitely make one. Snape's brilliant. He invents his own potions, you know." "He does?" Despite himself, Harry looked impressed. Hermione's mind went to the black and purple fire she had walked through, and how the draughts she had taken had felt like ice. "Yes, he does." Harry still looked uneasy, and Hermione sighed. "Look," she said, leaning forward. "Let's agree on the fact that if Snape wanted you dead, he wouldn't do it during Quidditch. It's far too obvious for Snape." "Then why does he suddenly want to referee?" Harry wanted to know. "He's never refereed before!" "Probably to either make sure your broom doesn't act up again, or to cheat and make calls against Gryffindor," she admitted. "Snape isn't pleased that your house showed us up the first match. I wouldn't put it past him to try and get Slytherin an edge over you however he could." Harry and Neville grudgingly admitted that yes, it was much more plausible that Snape was just trying to cheat, not trying to kill Harry, and Hermione sat back, satisfied. "I know you think someone's out to kill Harry," she told them, "but that person isn't Snape. Start looking for other culprits, if you're insistent." "Oh?" Harry said. He seemed almost amused. "Like who?" "Ron," Hermione suggested immediately. "He nearly set you on fire last Charms class. Being next to him is an occupational hazard." To her pleasure, both Harry and Neville laughed. "Ooh, ooh, maybe it's Oliver Wood, Harry," Neville suggested. "Every time you come in from Quidditch, you look half-drowned or half-dead." Harry laughed. "Maybe it's secretly Hagrid," he suggested, eyes alight with the game. "He's trying to choke me to death on his rock cakes." Neville and Harry continued coming up with a list of possible culprits, the suggestions growing more and more ridiculous, while Hermione turned back to her books, an amused smile playing around her lips. Inwardly, her mind turned back to their Defense Professor, the memory of his sudden vehemence against blood purist bullying rising in her mind, and how Harry often complained of headaches after he'd had that class. Hermione bit her lip and pushed the matter from her mind. Hermione wasn't a betting person, but if she had to guess who might be out to kill Harry – she knew what person she'd put her money on. Harry's worries ended up being for naught, of course – he caught the Snitch inside of five minutes, to Hermione's delighted surprise. Tracey had all but dragged her to the match, and Hermione had reluctantly conceded, expecting to lose her entire afternoon. She waited for Harry after the game to congratulate him, but he seemed distracted and had hurried off with Ron and Neville toward their common room – presumably, for a party. With the rest of the day free, Hermione approached Blaise with a question. "I want to put something up on the wall of my dormitory," she told him. "Do you know how I can get that to work?" Blaise considered. "I mean, you could always try hammering a spike into the stone, but if you could get someone to do a Sticking Charm for you, it'd probably work better," he suggested. "Do you know how to do those?" Blaise laughed. "That's OWL-level Charms material, Hermione. I'd ask a prefect." Hermione did, and it was with great confusion that the 5th year prefect Jade spent half an hour with Hermione in her empty dorm sticking two giant stone crowns to the wall above her bed, one black and one white, Hermione determined to get them to set on the wall ever just so. Hermione was thrilled when it was done, and thanked Jade profusely, who seemed mildly amused. "Thank you ever so much!" Hermione said again, grinning. "If you need anything in return, let me know!" Jade paused, a smile slowly curling around her lips as a glint flickered in her eyes. "There is." She crouched down to reach Hermione's level, lowering her voice. "How is it that you and your classmates can look so… good?" Hermione slowly grinned herself. "I'll tell you," Hermione said. "But you have to keep it a secret, just between us, and maybe a few friends…" Hermione stopped by her head of house's office later that evening, having had an idea she wanted to explore. "A summer internship?" "Yes," Hermione said firmly, fighting the urge to swing her legs. "Anything, really. Adrian says that we're not allowed to do magic at home over the summer, and it's been shown that if you don't use your knowledge, it simply rots, and then you have to recover all you lost the next year…" Snape rolled his eyes. "Internships are not generally a thing sought until after OWLs, Miss Granger," he informed her. "After students have some idea of their areas of interest and strength." Hermione made a face. "Nothing? Not even desk work? Filing?" Snape raised an eyebrow. "…what, exactly, would you expect from such an internship?" he asked. Hermione shrugged. "Not much," she told him. "It'd be like a work study, I suppose. I'd help someone with their job, taking the grunt tasks that they don't want, and when they had time, they'd teach me about how they do their position. It might pay me a little, too – most internships in the Muggle world offer below minimum-wage for work studies, but they give the intern something." Snape considered. "I have a few ideas," he finally admitted. "You must realize, Miss Granger, that this is not a usual thing in our world. Especially not for witches of your age." Hermione bit back the retort that twelve was plenty old enough to start thinking about a career. "…I'm ambitious?" she offered instead, and she caught a glint of amusement behind Snape's eyes. "I suppose you are," he said. "I shall make a few inquiries. I will send for you if anything pans out." "Thank you, sir!" Hermione chirped, pleased. She launched herself from her chair and caught herself nimbly on her feet several feet away. Snape raised an eyebrow, impressed. "Been practicing, have we, Miss Granger?" he asked. Hermione grinned. "I can kind of glide, now, if I jump from somewhere a bit high," she told him. "I'm still working on being able to make myself rise without everything going haywire." "That's the hardest part," Snape said, nodding. "I might advise you to practice levitating yourself in a small enclosed space. If your head is against the ceiling of an empty closet, there's not exactly anywhere for you to go haywire." Hermione left Snape's office, immensely pleased with herself.
CW: Disturbing content The new moon for March fell on a Wednesday, so Hermione and the other Slytherins were awake and at Astronomy class at midnight. The sky was an eerie, complete darkness, and Hermione shivered, her thoughts heavy with what she was about to do. After Astronomy class was over, Hermione left the tower with the others, hid in an alcove, and waited for the others to pass, before quietly making her way back up the stairs. To her relief, Professor Sinistra was also gone, nowhere to be found. Hermione aimed a locking charm at the door, and, hands shaking, she carefully removed her materials from her bag, trying not to think too hard about what she was about to do. The ritual she had found in the book Professor Quirrell had directed her to had not been to start someone's period; it had been to cause ovulation, to help with pregnancy. It was one of the lighter rituals in the book, in that it only jump-started a natural process in a woman's body. Most of the other rituals in the book were much, much darker. Hermione had read them all, her eyes large, even though she had to stomach revulsion and nausea at some of them. They were academically fascinating, though, and Hermione could begin to see common elements throughout rituals, the more rituals she read about. But they were also horrifying, and they were Dark. Very Dark. Hermione had never considered that woman might want a ritual to steal the fetus from one woman's womb to implant into her own, but there it was. A circle was carefully drawn with chalk and gone over three times, to make sure the lines were solid, and then an exact triangle was constructed inside of the circle, each side perfectly equal. At the points of the triangle, Hermione placed three stone bowls – larger mortars that she had found in an old potions classroom in the dungeons. Into one of the bowls, she placed orchid seeds and mistletoe berries. They symbolized the fertility she wanted to bestow upon herself, the potential of new life. Hermione felt slightly off, placing things in the bowl as if she were actually trying to have a child. But she needed this ritual to work, icky feeling or not. Into one of the bowls went water, with a few fresh eggs set to float. Another symbol of fertility. Hermione had checked beforehand that the ritual would only stimulate her ovulation – not actually cause her to fall magically pregnant. The eggs had been awkward to obtain, but Hagrid kept chickens behind his hut. He'd amenably given her a few when she asked, and he hadn't asked why she wanted them. Hermione suspected that when it came to animals and magical creatures, Hagrid didn't think to ask many questions of why. The last bowl Hermione paused at, before very hesitantly, withdrawing what she'd had to get. It had been this ingredient that had given her the most pause in deciding if she was really going to do this or not. Eventually, after a lot of deliberation, she'd gone ahead. It hadn't been that hard, to find a dead rabbit, really. Dozens of students had cats that roamed the grounds. She managed to find several dead rabbits on the edge of the forest, once she'd figured out how best to look. It had taken longer to find a dead rabbit that had been pregnant, and to take the full womb from the body, still fetuses still inside of it. Hermione hadn't wanted to do it. She had not wanted to do it. It was cruel, it was barbaric, and it was horrifying. Harvesting dead fetuses. Even the words made her shudder. Only… they had already been dead when she got them. She hadn't gone out and killed anything to use purposefully. Surely it was better that their energy was used, instead of left to decay into nothing? It wasn't that much different than harvesting Potion ingredients, she reasoned. They used all kind of animal-based ingredients in Potions class – eyes and claws and fangs and scales. It was easy to dismiss the implications when they were pre-prepared, stored, and dried, but surely someone had to kill the animals to harvest the parts, didn't they? Hermione had forced herself to concentrate on her end goal as she had harvested the rabbit. Now, again, Hermione swallowed back her bile and focused very hard on what she was doing this for and put the womb with the rabbit fetuses into the last bowl. This would help her for the rest of her life. This would help her maximize her potential. She'd eaten rabbit stew before to nourish her body; was using rabbits to nurture her magic so different? She shuddered, wiping her hands off on a towel she'd brought. The ritual recommended a sacrifice to enhance the chances of success – generally, the blood of the father-to-be. Hermione had nixed that part of the ritual. There was nothing she wanted to sacrifice, and she was fine with poor chances of conception – she just wanted the little egg out and her body starting to try. Hermione took a deep breath. She'd only been in two rituals before, and someone else had run them both – Daphne, and then Snape. And they had been simple. This was very ambitious for her third ritual ever. Hermione had been a perfectionist when setting everything up – the books Quirrell had recommended for her gave many ominous warnings of just what horrors might happen if anything were to go wrong. Carefully, Hermione lifted the edges of her robes and stepped into the middle of the triangle. She sat down, folding her legs, making sure not to touch the chalk lines. When everything was ready, she paused, took a deep breath, looked up at the dark sky, and began to chant. The chant was… syllables. Not Latin. Possibly Old English, or Celtic words, or something older. There had been a phonetic spelling to help her learn it, and the chant wasn't long – maybe a sentence or two, repeated over and over. As Hermione chanted, she became aware that something was happening. There was a quivering, a shaky feeling of magic, and out of the corner of her eye she saw the chalk lines light up with an unearthly pale blue light, connecting one bowl to the next to the next. Her chant continued, Hermione taking care to keep her voice steady. She nearly gasped as she saw the berries and seeds abruptly consumed by a blue fire, but she managed to keep it together, continuing to repeat the chant, feeling the power in the circle rise as she did. The eggs were next, gone along with the water in a flare of power, and it almost astonished Hermione that they could just vanish like that, and be gone so completely, before her mind chimed in to remind her that this was magic – of course things could just disappear. The power rose further, and Hermione felt herself begin to sweat. As the last bowl lit with pale blue flame, Hermione felt a sensation of something beginning to swirl around her, as if a wind from nowhere was rising and was trapped in the triangle with her. It was uncomfortable, it was stifling, and Hermione felt scared, but it wasn't as if the book had described what would happen, only to keep chanting "until the ritual is done." She managed three more recitations of the chant before the power abruptly engulfed her, lighting up her body like a ghostly lantern, and Hermione screamed. Pain like she'd never known seared through her middle as something burst inside of her. Awful pressure was building, as if something was inflating that was never meant to inflate, and her organs were shifting inside of her, making room for the magic to accomplish its goal. It felt foreign and painful and horrible, and Hermione gasped and cried out as her body betrayed her, weakening as the magic ravaged her parts. When the pain finally faded, the blue light fading from her body as it did, Hermione was gasping, her face wet with tears, and firmly not happy with the result. She lay on the stone for several long minutes, crying helplessly, cradling her midsection, alone, under the stars. When she had finally collected herself enough to sit up, Hermione slowly began cleaning up, wincing as she moved. She angrily shoved the three stone bowls into her bag and cleaned off the chalk with a Ventus and more water for the stubborn lines. The ritual book hadn't said it would hurt so badly. Why hadn't it warned her? Hermione unlocked the door and left the Astronomy tower, prepared with her excuse of losing track of time after class looking at Jupiter in case she ran into a teacher. The ritual hadn't taken that long, after all. It was plausible. But on her weak legs, aching pain still in her center, the stairs from the Astronomy tower down to the Slytherin dungeons seemed an insurmountable obstacle. She made it down one flight of stairs, then half of another before tripping and falling down the rest. Hermione lay there a long moment, breathing hard against the wall, before shakily getting to her feet once more. Her leg muscles weren't working properly, Hermione's mind catalogued dully. They'd gone through some type of trauma, with the pain, and they were refusing to work. As were her arms, for that matter – it'd been a challenge to pull herself up on one of the railings. So. Legs not working, arms not working, rolling down the stairs not a viable solution… An idea slowly formed in Hermione's mind. Exhausted from the pain, Hermione was desperate enough to latch onto it. Carefully, Hermione reached down into her power, pulling it up into herself. She was tired, which helped – usually, her power responded much more forcefully, but she could only manage a gentle ebb now. She felt for the element of air inside of herself and called it forward too. She was surprised when a feeling of softness came up, one that almost felt caring, and carefully, Hermione focused not so much on flying, as she did gliding – just enough power to gently glide down the stairs. It worked. Holding onto the railing, Hermione leaned forward, feeling herself almost slide down the stairs – only, she was standing. It was an odd feeling, the feeling of wisps of wind around her body and her power literally pushing her, but it was working. And somehow, Hermione felt better – more alive, like this, with her magic literally pulsing through her body. She managed to make it down five staircases before her magic gave out, and she collapsed and fell down the rest of the way, yelping and crashing to the ground hard. There was sharp pain in her back and Hermione vaguely saw someone running toward her as her head slammed into the ground, and everything went dark. The next morning, Hermione was dismissed from the hospital wing. She'd had a minor concussion that Madame Pomfrey had tutted over and healed, and she was deemed in good health. She'd escaped with only 10 points off from Slytherin – Professor McGonagall, who'd found her, had believed her claim that she'd been so tired after Astronomy that she'd literally just struggled to get back to the dungeons. She'd played on the fact that none of the Slytherins would have ever offered help, and that in her position with her Muggle heritage, she couldn't risk losing face by having to ask for assistance. Hermione suspected that the professor had also been merciful because Hermione been injured – McGonagall had seen her fall. As she slipped into her seat at breakfast, planning on cleaning up and changing clothes before her afternoon Potions class, Hermione touched her middle almost absently, wondering. The ritual had definitely done something to her. Was there a way witches could tell if they were actually ovulating? Or did they just have to wait for their periods the same way Muggles did? Either way, the ritual had better have worked. If she'd gone through all that mess and gore and pain for nothing, Hermione was going to be furious. Two weeks later, the day before her half birthday, Hermione woke with her underwear oddly damp. She went to the bathroom and saw her thighs streaked with blood, and she quietly celebrated her first period by herself with a fist pump and a quiet "yesss!" hissed aloud. Her period had come on the day of the full moon – just as the book had said it would if she hadn't managed to conceive. She received a bar of dark chocolate and a lotus flower in the mail that day, along with a note. . Congratulations. Well done on hitting your 18th month precisely. The enclosed will help you learn more about what other useful things you can do now, should you want to learn. . Hermione felt a cold shiver pass through her body. How had he known she'd been successful? Enclosed with the note was the name of a book, Feminine Magick and Power, and the signature of Professor Quirrell. When Hermione realized the book was a grimoire filled entirely with rituals and spells that involved menstrual blood, she balked and nearly gave it back to Madame Pince, before slowly putting in her bag anyway. Just because she read about something didn't mean she was going to do it. It was objectively fascinating all the same.
It was in the library one day that Harry, Neville, and Ron approached Hermione, with caged and mixed expressions on their faces. "Hermione, we'd like your help with something," Neville told her. Hermione regarded them curiously. "I can certainly try," she said. "What do you need help with?" Harry took a deep breath. "We want to learn about Alchemy," he told her. "What do you know about it?" Hermione stared at them. "Alchemy?" she said. "I- nearly nothing, really, only the legends in the Muggle world. You mean Alchemy is real?" Her mind whirled with the implications. "I never knew! Let's get started at once!" She darted to the card catalogue, pulling several cards and leading the small group off into the stacks, Ron scowling all the way. Soon, they all had books; Harry, Great Alchemists Throughout the Ages, Neville Who's Who and What's What of Alchemy, and Ron So You Want to Be an Alchemist. Hermione had claimed An Introduction to Alchemy and Basic Alchemic Principles for herself, and she immediately began reading. The book was fascinating. Alchemy seemed to be a combination of transfiguration with rituals, ancient runes, and arithmancy to alter the molecular structure of things. Hermione found it deeply interesting and quickly lost herself in the book. It was just before curfew when she looked up and realized that not only had the sun gone, but so had her friends. Their books had been left strewn across the table, and Hermione rolled her eyes to herself. "Clearly not that interested in Alchemy," she muttered, shelving their books before checking out her own. It became quickly apparent to Hermione that Alchemy was not something she was going to be any good at until she had at least a couple years of Arithmancy and Ancient Runes under her belt, so it was with reluctance that she returned the Alchemy primer. Instead, she went back to the ritual books she'd checked out (and kept renewing, to Madam Pince's irritation). Rituals were simpler, and they didn't require quite such precision as it seemed Alchemy would. Classes were still interesting, and Hermione enjoyed proving herself to her teachers and classmates. She was careful to act ever the consummate Slytherin, using Snape as an example to model herself after – not demanding attention, but always knowing the answer and providing it when asked; smirking in pleasure instead of laughing outright; and insulting others in the most cutting way. She kept most of the insults in her head or spoke them quietly, to Tracey or Blaise, who found them funny and would insult their peers along with her. It wasn't nice, but it was fun, and it seemed to be a Slytherin pastime to lord yourself over others as somehow better. Time seemed to speed up for Hermione. Exams and the end of the year didn't seem all that far off, and Hermione began preparing. Harry and Neville had given her horrified looks when she offered to help them prepare a review schedule, so she'd gone to the Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to compare theirs against hers. Together, they'd agreed upon set study and review sessions, and soon Hermione was meeting up with Terry, Mandy, Michael, and Anthony with regularity. She didn't seem to get much out of the study sessions – Hermione was doing much better at memorizing and remembering magic than she had been at Muggle school (though she hadn't been a slouch there, either!). It helped alleviate her anxiety about exams, though – she could just imagine the humiliation she'd feel if she failed her tests. She'd be the laughing stock of Slytherin! It was one such study session that she was interrupted by a Slytherin prefect – Lysander Lestrange, if she remembered his name. "Professor Snape needs to see you in his office immediately," he informed her. He looked around their little study group, and his lip curled. "Now." "I know what 'immediately' means, thanks," Hermione shot back. She packed up her bag and offered her study group an apologetic look, while they offered her one of pity as she hurried off, the prefect walking alongside her. "Do you know what this is about?" Hermione asked the prefect. "No idea," Lestrange said shortly. He looked down on her, a faint sneer on his face. "There's a gentleman in there with him, though. Be careful not to embarrass our House in front of the public." Hermione drew herself up and met his eyes with a haughty look. "I know how to conduct myself properly," she informed him. "I shan't bring dishonor upon our house." Lysander looked momentarily surprised, then cruelly amused. "We'll see," he told her. His eyes glinted. He knocked on the door, and shoved Hermione through none-too-politely at Snape's cry of "Enter!" Hermione stumbled but quickly righted herself, and turned to level a glare at Lysander, but he'd already gone, the door closed behind him. Withholding a sigh, Hermione turned to her Head of House. "You summoned me, sir?" Snape was standing, his arms folded. Next to him was a short, wiry man with great sprouts of white hair erupting from his head. Hermione tried not to stare, but it was hard – the man reminded her of an overly-thin Albert Einstein. "Miss Granger, this is Cadmus Vitac," Snape told her. "He is here to examine you." Hermione's eyes widened. "…examine?" Cadmus gave Snape a skeptical look. "This is the girl you spoke about?" he demanded. "She's barely a slip of a girl!" "Shut up and just give her your test," Snape said impatiently. "You'll see yourself what I spoke of soon enough." The man scowled at Snape but moved forward nonetheless. "This is a test that I give potential employees, Miss Granger," he told her. "I will time you. There are three parts. You may begin." Hermione took a seat and reached for her quill, confused to see two ink pots sitting next to it. She took the familiar black and began immediately, curious what kind of test this could be. It became quickly apparent that this was a sort of grammar test. The test demanded she identify parts of speech, define what each was, and recognize each inside a sentence. Hermione found herself smiling after a short while as she cheerfully completed the quiz – it was like a review sheet from her English Language classes, and Hermione found herself almost having fun. After diagramming a sentence in the blank bottom of the parchment (for extra credit, she told herself), she set the first page aside and turned to the next. This one was even more straightforward – a list of common phrases and idioms, and she had to mark which was correct. Hermione found herself hesitating over some of the more obscure Wizarding ones – was it "grumbling ghosts" or "grumbling goblins"? She did know "all of a sudden" over "all of the sudden", as well as "for all intents and purposes" over "for all intensive purposes". This test was harder, and Hermione had to leave a few blank (she'd rather admit what she didn't know than guess and get it wrong), and it was with slight trepidation that Hermione moved on to the last page. This page was an essay, and the page instructed her to correct it. As Hermione saw the start of the essay lacking a capital letter, the meaning of the second inkpot came to her in a flash, and it was with a grin that Hermione inked her quill with red. She'd always wanted to do this, ever since getting her own papers marked in red back from her primary school teacher. She tore the essay to pieces, catching every mistake she could, including correcting the spelling of words. She marked where it should be split into different paragraphs, and she caught all the comma splices. She found herself making revision notes as she went along editing the paper, notations of "source?" and "does not follow" in the margins of the page. By the time she had finished, the page was a veritable cacophony of red and black, and Hermione was pleased with herself. It looked almost as bad as one of Ron's essays handed back from Snape. "Time." Hermione blinked, having forgotten there were others in the room with her as she had entered a mental Test Mode. Flushing slightly, she handed her tests over. She watched from her seat, somewhat apprehensive, as Mr. Vitac went over her parchments, his own quill inked in blue to correct her sheets. Snape seemed supremely nonplussed and unworried as her papers were graded – he was examining his nails at the moment, projecting complete boredom. Hermione felt a thrill as Vitac turned her first page aside without having made a single mark on it – that meant she'd scored a perfect. He stopped at her blank answers on the second sheet, though. "You don't know these?" he asked her. "To be honest, sir, I've never heard these expressions before," she admitted. "If you wouldn't mind teaching me the proper idioms and their meanings before you go, I'm sure I'd be able to remember them from now on." His white bushy eyebrows rose high. "You've never heard them before?" he demanded. "I only entered the wizarding world in September," Hermione said uncomfortably. "These aren't sayings my classmates use." The man shot a sharp look at Snape, who held his hands out in a gesture. The man looked at her suspiciously, taking in the green and silver stripes of her tie, before continuing on. When he got to her third page, Hermione saw pleasant surprise flash across his face. "You know your editing marks," he murmured. "Excellent." Hermione watched as he read down the paper, humming to himself in a low tone, before rolling up all three papers and tucking them into his robe, where they vanished. He stood, and Hermione saw that his aggressive suspicion seemed gone. "Severus, you were absolutely right," he told him. "I haven't seen such perfect grammar in years." Snape allowed himself to smirk, and the man turned to Hermione again. "Miss Granger, Professor Snape has told me you are looking for summer employment," he told her. He offered her a smile that was toothy and cracked. "I would like to offer you a job." "You would?" Hermione couldn't believe it. "I would. I work at Lleuwlynn and Sewlyn, a small publishing house in Wizarding London. I read manuscripts, edit drafts, and publish books." Hermione had to force herself not to hyperventilate with excitement, though she suspected her eyes had a mad gleam to them. "If you accept, I will teach you the wizarding publishing process, as well as how magical books are printed and manufactured. Most of the time, you will be doing the scut work - second copy-edits, filing, that sort of thing." "Oh yes, that's fine!" Hermione blurted. "I would love to come and work for you!" Cadmus chuckled and exchanged a look with Snape. "Eager girl," he commented. "I imagine you're a voracious reader?" "Yes, sir!" "Then we'll have to see about approving you for a company discount on our books as well." He gave her his odd, cracked smile again. "Now, a contract?" "I will represent Miss Granger's interests in an employment discussion," Snape said, interjecting smoothly. Cadmus looked surprised, but he shrugged. Hermione sat in stunned silence as they bickered over things like hours, rate, and official job duties. She was hardly able to believe it. An internship at a publishing house-! When they had finished, she was to earn 9 sickles an hour, with every hour worked over 35 in a week paid at double the rate. She was to work weekdays from 9-5, with an hour for lunch each day. And the company would pay for her travel expenses – in this case, a work Portkey that would take her to and from work each day. Hermione had been in a daze of happiness when she signed her contract, not bothering to read over all the responsibilities. She was sure they'd teach her everything she'd need to do the first week, anyway. When Cadmus Vitac had left, looking quite pleased, the door had scarcely closed before Hermione had flung herself across the room to hug Snape about the waist, to his shock. "Thank you thank you thank you thank you-!" "Miss Granger! This is conduct most unbecoming of a Slytherin!" Hermione didn't care, and she held on, grinning like a loon. With a resigned sigh, Snape relaxed, and lightly embraced her back. "You are welcome, Miss Granger," he said, his voice long-suffering. "At least you are pleased." "You couldn't have found something more perfect if you tried," Hermione said, pulling back and smiling up at him. "What made you think of it?" Snape raised an eyebrow. "Though you excel in your classes, you do not have many marketable skills yet, Miss Granger," he told her. "You only have a First Year's education, after all. But the one thing you do better than any other student is read. That, and write essays that are entirely too long." Hermione laughed and beamed again, and Snape rolled his eyes. "Get out of here now, before I'm sickened by your soppy smiles," he told her, handing her a copy of her employment contract. "Go inflict your emotion upon some other poor soul." Hermione took the parchment and practically danced out of Snape's office, returning to her dorm in a daze of happiness. As she drifted down the corridor, she practically ran into Blaise and Draco, who were heading toward the common room as well. "Hermione!" Blaise moved quickly and caught her, keeping her from falling. "Merlin, Hermione, be careful. What's got your head in the clouds?" Hermione just smiled at him soppily for a minute, before pulling herself together a bit to properly respond. "I'm just happy," she said decisively. "No particular reason." Both Blaise and Draco raised their eyebrows and exchanged a glance at that one. "Why? What are you two up to?" she asked. "It's almost curfew." This time, the look exchanged was one of malicious glee. "That oaf Hagrid's got a dragon in his hut," Draco said, his eyes glinting. "The egg just hatched." Hermione's jaw dropped. "A dragon?"
It was, indeed, a dragon. Hermione was aghast. She'd tagged along with Harry, Ron, and Neville the next day for their visit. Hagrid's love for the tiny dragon he'd named Norbert was adorable, but vastly outclassed by Hermione's alarm. "Hagrid, it's illegal to raise a dragon like this," Ron tried again. "You could get thrown in prison if they find out." "Aw, but I can't just let him go! He needs his mummy," Hagrid proclaimed. "You love your mummy, don'tcha, Norbert?" Hagrid dangled a strip of raw steak in front of Norbert, who leapt and snapped it out of his hand. Hagrid laughed in delight, while the rest of them flinched at the many rows of sharp teeth the baby dragon had rapidly developed. "Hagrid, you live in a wooden house," Hermione pointed out. "Baby dragons grow very rapidly, and they're very testy. Norbert isn't going to have enough room to grow." Hagrid's face fell, but perked right back up. "We'll take Norbert to the forest, when 'e's old enough," Hagrid said. "He'll love it – lotsa game to hunt and burn." Hermione exchanged a dismayed look with Harry. Dragons preferred open plains and cliffs – places where they could stretch their wings and fly. Dragons didn't live inside forests naturally. "We still need to worry about Malfoy," Harry told Hagrid, reminding him. "He could go to Dumbledore at any moment." Draco Malfoy was too busy laughing over the idiocy of Hagrid to bother going to Dumbledore, Hermione knew. He and Blaise had started a pool over how long it would take until Hagrid's hut burned down. Hermione had declined to participate. Hagrid bit his lip. "I – I know I can't keep forever, but I can't jus' dump him. He's too little. He'd die." Harry suddenly turned to Ron. "Charlie – your brother, Charlie. He works with dragons, right?" Ron's eyes widened. "Brilliant! He can take him and raise him until he can go out into the wild." Harry turned to Hagrid. "How about it, Hagrid? He'd be safe, at a dragon preserve." Hermione watched as Harry and Ron gradually persuaded Hagrid around, who eventually agreed that they could send an owl to Charlie to ask him to take the dragon. That night, she reported back to her housemates what she had learned. "They're going to ship him off to Romania?" Draco scowled. "That's no fun." "Having a dragon around is dangerous," Blaise pointed out. "Better they get rid of it now, while it's young, before it comes and terrorizes us one day in the middle of Herbology and eats someone." Draco grumbled, which meant Blaise had made a good point. "This can be turned into an opportunity, though," Hermione suggested. "Hagrid is too conspicuous. Ron will have to be the one to slip the dragon to his brother, somehow." Draco's eyes gleamed. "Downfall to Weasley," he said, nodding. Hermione nodded back, then blinked. When had 'downfall to Weasley' become such a reflexive response to anything remotely involving Ron? Blaise looked thoughtful. "He's been ignoring our taunts for a while, now," he said. "This is a good idea to get him in trouble again." Draco clapped his hands together, malicious glee in his eyes. "Hermione, you'll find out when the trade-off is happening?" he asked her. Hermione, reluctantly, nodded. "You'll have to make it seem like you found out some other way," she warned. "I'm not having them accuse me of being a traitor – not when I still have to get Ron to make me cry." "Of course," Blaise assured her. "We'll even let Potter get away and just get Weasley, if it makes you feel better." It did make her feel better, though Draco scowled and had to be persuaded around by Blaise. It was while her friends were waiting around for an owl from Charlie Weasley that Hermione unexpectedly received an owl herself. Hermione Granger, the letter began. Hermione Granger, These are loan contracts. Sign them with the enclosed quill. Then mail them back. Do this soon. Bloodthorne There was an addendum scribbled at the end. I have had these for a while, but it is only with some resistance in paying us back from one of the borrowers that I have felt you must sign these. Do not let anyone see you use the quill. Hermione slipped into an empty classroom to quickly sign the contracts, hissing at the use of the blood quill. She felt a sting on her hand, as if the quill was sucking blood right out through her palm. There were more contracts than she'd thought there would be. She'd expected three to four; she'd received nearly twenty. No matter – she scribbled her signature several times, before an idea caught in her head, and she hurried back to her dorm. Flipping open her trunk, Hermione pulled out her latest batch of galleons (Jade and her friends had been very happy to order from Hermione's mysterious makeup friend) in a feather-light bag. After a moment, she pulled out her prize from the obstacle course as well. If it was something valuable, better to put it somewhere where it would be safe. I have signed the contracts. Hermione wrote. Also, please deposit these in my vault. I trust you know what to do with them. Hermione. Hermione grinned to herself. With another 160 galleons, Bloodthorne could make another few loans. It might take a while, but the interest would surely add up. The wretched-looking owl the Gringotts goblin had sent was still circling the Great Hall when Hermione returned, though breakfast was breaking up. It flew down at her beckoning, and Hermione tied on the parchments and bags on securely. She gave the bird a rasher of bacon and tossed it into the air, and it flew off with a defiant hoot. "Heavy mail, Hermione?" Theo commented, lagging behind to walk with her to Potions. Hermione shrugged, smiling. "Just taking care of some business."
On Thursday, there was news. "I got a book that Weasley left the letter from his brother in," Draco announced, sliding onto the couch next to Blaise. His tone was gleeful. "They're sneaking it up to the Astronomy tower at midnight on Saturday." "Sneaking a baby dragon?" Blaise snickered. "That seems like it's a recipe for disaster." Hermione was pleased. "At least now they won't suspect me betraying them." "We'll have to go out beforehand, to catch them in the castle properly," Draco said. "I know an alcove near the Astronomy Tower we can lurk in and wait." "We?" Blaise's tone belied his incredulity. "I think not. Malfoy, if we get caught by anyone except Snape, it'll easily be 50 points off." "They'll have two people out, with a dragon," Draco argued. "They'll lose more points." "That doesn't mean we shouldn't minimize the risk." Draco turned to Hermione. "What do you think?" Hermione considered, biting her lip. "Harry and Ron will almost definitely be the ones to go," Hermione said. "Neville is 50/50 if he goes or not – I would guess not. If there's two of them out, and two of us out, there'd be a net gain of 0. Better to send one person after the two." Draco scowled, while Blaise nodded satisfactorily. "Besides," Hermione said, turning to Draco. "If you're the one caught, you're much less likely than the rest of us to get in trouble. Your father has connections, and the teachers will go lighter on you because of it." "That," Blaise said firmly, "is a damn good point." Slowly, Draco nodded. "I'll be the one to catch them," he agreed. "But if either of you two hear anything about their plans ahead of time, you'd better let me know." Hermione and Blaise exchanged a glance and easily agreed. "Now, if you're done playing with rocks, let's go plan Phase Three of Down with Weasley." Draco's tone was haughty and annoyed. Blaise snickered, and Hermione sighed and rolled her eyes as they put away the Go set to follow Draco. Though Hermione spent time with Harry, Neville, and Ron on Friday, none of them mentioned what the plan was with Norbert, just "that it was being taken care of." Hermione was torn between feeling angry that they wouldn't trust her because she was a Slytherin, and feeling vaguely guilty because she would betray Ron to Slytherin House. Down to Weasley and all that. It was odd how reflexive the thought came now, Hermione reflected. 'Downfall to Weasley' had become so internalized with the Slytherins, it was difficult to remember a time when they weren't all looking for opportunities to get Ron in trouble. Even she had the thought come up frequently, and most of the time, Hermione was being friendly with him, with Harry and Neville around. On Friday, she had to visit Ron in the Hospital Wing; apparently, Norbert had bit him earlier in the week, and his hand had swollen to twice its usual size and looked green. It was looking much better, Harry assured her, but Hermione thought it still looked vaguely gangrenous. She wondered how Madam Pomfrey was treating him, when he clearly wasn't being honest about what had bitten him. On Saturday, Ron just got out of the hospital wing with the excuse of needing to study for exams, and it was heavily against medical advice. "You really shouldn't be leaving the Hospital Wing with your hand still looking like that," Hermione warned him. "It smells, Ron. And it's not like you're actually going to study. Why not stay until it's healed?" Ron and Harry exchanged a significant look, which Hermione nearly rolled her eyes at. She supposed they thought they were being subtle. "Just don't like the Hospital Wing is all," Ron said airily. "I can't sleep well, there. The beds are crap, and I always wake up in the middle of the night when Madam Pomfrey does her rounds…" Hermione dutifully reported to Malfoy that night in the common room after dinner. "Their plan is still on – Ron's even gotten out of the Hospital Wing early for it," she told him. "His wound still smells from the festering – you might be able to track him by that, if nothing else." Draco nodded, looking resolute. "It's a Saturday night, so you know the teachers will be patrolling the castle as well as Filch. You might want to wear solid black, to help you blend into the shadows," Hermione recommended. "Take a black cloak to cover your hair with – the slightest bit of moonlight will reflect off it like a beacon." Draco looked surprised, but then gave her a look of slow respect. "Good thinking." He went off to get his cloak. "This," Blaise drawled, sidling up to Hermione, "has the potential to go horribly, horribly wrong." Hermione shrugged helplessly. "He's determined to catch them with a dragon," she said. "We've done all we can to minimize the potential damage to Slytherin." Draco returned with a thick black cloak, a heavy black velvet that light vanished into. "I'll be back later," he said, donning the hood. "Wish me luck." They both wished him well, Hermione idly wondering if there was a Good Luck charm, a kind of counter to the Bad Luck Hex she'd hit Pansy with. Draco had wanted to get into place before curfew, leaving Blaise and Hermione to play Go in the common room for a couple hours. At 11pm, Blaise announced that he was going to bed. "I'm exhausted, and I need my sleep, Malfoy be damned," Blaise said crossly. "I'll find out one way or another in the morning." Hermione tried to suppress a giggle, not entirely succeeding. There was something endearing about Blaise when he was cranky like this. Blaise gave her an odd look, and on an impulse, Hermione pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Good night, then," she told him, smiling. Blaise's eyes had gone wide, but he nodded at her, shooting her a smile in return as he headed off. The common room slowly emptied, and Hermione entertained herself for a while by reading one of the forbidden ritual books, before she admitted to herself that she really shouldn't be reading such horrors right before bed. She moved to levitating herself inside the hidden guest closet by the common room entrance, which sort of worked – Snape had been right about it being easier to find her balance when she didn't have to worry about going too far up. By the time her magic was fully exhausted, the top of her head ached from the pressure of pushing against the ceiling, but Hermione felt like she'd made progress. Draco Malfoy returned to the common room about twelve-thirty, and Hermione could immediately read the results off his face. "McGonagall was patrolling," he said disgustedly. "I got twenty points off Slytherin and detention. She wouldn't listen to me when I tried to warn her about the dragon." "They might still get caught," Hermione offered quietly. "They're not exactly quiet people, and they're carrying a dragon." Draco snorted. "They've got to have gotten a prefect to Disillusion them or something," he said. "I waited for ages, and I didn't see or hear anything." Hermione blinked. "Disillusion?" Draco waved her off. "It's some disguise spell Aurors use all the time. I don't know much about it. I'm going to bed." Hermione copied him and retired to her own chambers, making a mental note to look up Disillusioning. A disguise spell sounded like it'd be too good not to know.
The next morning, Hermione did a double-take at the giant hourglasses – Gryffindor had plummeted overnight. She quietly pointed it out to Draco and Blaise, both of whom checked as well. "They had to have gotten caught!" Draco said, barely able to contain his glee. "They lost 150 points! That means all three of them must have been docked 50 points each." Hermione went over to the Gryffindor table after she had finished her own breakfast, where Harry, Ron, and Neville were sitting quietly and looking pale. "What happened?" she asked. "Everyone's gossiping about it." Haltingly, Harry told her – about the note from Charlie, about sneaking Norbert up to the highest tower, getting him off safely, but being caught by Filch on the way back and dragged to their Head of House. "She was furious." Neville's voice quavered. "She thought Harry and Ron fed Malfoy a story about a dragon to get him out of bed and in trouble. She caught me too, but I was just trying to warn them about Malfoy…" "At least she didn't get us with Norbert," Ron groaned, thunking his head onto the table. He looked up. "Can you imagine? We'd have been in detention until the end of the year, caught with an illegal dragon…" "Malfoy got detention and points off too," Hermione offered. "He was sulking about it this morning." "Yeah, twenty lost to a hundred and fifty," Ron snarled, and Hermione drew back, hurt. "Shut up, Ron," Harry said shortly. "It's not Hermione's fault that we got caught." "Yeah, especially considering we didn't even tell her," Neville said, glaring. "She could have helped, you know." Hermione got the feeling that there had been an argument about whether or not to tell her about the dragon escape plan. She found herself grateful to have not known – it would have been hard to sabotage their plans without them knowing. "Too late now," Hermione said, shrugging. She offered them an apologetic smile. "Include me in your next adventure? I know lots of spells – I can help." Harry and Neville exchanged a glance, before Harry nodded firmly, once. "We should have told you about this one," Harry told her. "Even though we could only sneak two of us at a time, you might have had good ideas for helping us silence our shoes or something." Could only sneak two at a time…? That sounded oddly specific. With exams drawing near, Hermione was often found studying either with the Ravenclaws in their tower, her Slytherin friends in an empty classroom, or in the library with Harry, Neville, and Ron. The first group was excellent for animated and in-depth discussion and arguments, the middle group for quizzing each other, and the last group for quiet, focused self-study. Harry, Neville, and Ron had been very quiet since their nighttime adventure and getting caught with the dragon. They all seemed lost and sad. From what Hermione could gather, her Gryffindor friends had been entirely ostracized. Even Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws seemed to be ignoring them, Neville had mentioned, which irritated Hermione – did Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff really want to see Slytherin lose the House Cup that badly? Gryffindor may have been in second, but Slytherin still had a fairly solid lead. Their ostracization helped them focus on studying, if nothing else, which would help improve their marks. When Draco got a note from Professor McGonagall on Friday telling him to report for detention that night, Hermione saw three similar notes being delivered to the Gryffindor table, and she again thanked her lucky stars that she hadn't been involved in the ridiculous dragon sneaking scheme. "Report at eleven o'clock," Draco scoffed. "Get in trouble for being out after curfew, and then report at eleven o'clock. This seems like a grand idea." "If you all lose points again, it'll be a 3:1 ratio," Blaise pointed out, smirking. "I'd say go for it – Hermione can make up the points for Slytherin in a day just by raising her hand." In a gesture of solidarity, Hermione and Blaise both stayed up to wait for him – both studying for exams. The time seemed to fly by as Hermione memorized the dates of the Goblin Wars. When Draco returned from his detention, he was nearly apoplectic with rage. "They took us into the forest!" he ranted. "The Forbidden Forest! The one that's forbidden! And we had to hunt for a creature that was killing unicorns!" "Killing unicorns?" Blaise looked alarmed. "And I saw it! There was a cloaked creature drinking the unicorn's blood! Potter and I both saw it, and then it charged at us-!" Draco was shaking with anger. He marched over, seizing Blaise's quill. "I am writing my father immediately," Draco snarled, grabbing a fresh sheet of parchment. "Putting children in danger for detention like this is completely unacceptable. Detention should be scrubbing cauldrons or doing lines or something tedious and annoying – not risking your life–!" "Harry was with you?" Hermione asked, trying to understand. Draco looked up from his furious scribbling. "That oaf Hagrid divided us into teams. I got put with Potter and the oaf's dog." He paused. "…there's something wrong with Potter, you know. He screamed and grabbed his scar when the man charged us, instead of running. I'm pretty sure he lived, but Merlin—what kind of survival instinct is that?" Hermione began to get a bad feeling. "I'll check back in with you later," she said. Draco waved her off, and Hermione bolted. It was dangerous to sneak out at night, but Hermione had to know. She sprinted up eight flights of stairs as fast as she could, and she arrived panting at the Gryffindor portrait hole just as Harry, Ron, and Neville were arriving back, all three looking shaken. "I just heard – you were attacked, Harry?" she said. Harry's face was grim. "Let's get inside – I'll tell you everything…" It was a mark of how serious it was that Ron didn't even protest Hermione piling into the Gryffindor common room with them. A moment later, they were all sitting as Harry told them the tale of what had happened. "There's only one person who would be so close to death that he needs unicorn blood," Harry said. He was pacing in front of the fire, shaking slightly. "Voldemort." Neville "eeped" and hugged his knees to himself. Ron looked frightened. "Snape wants the stone for Voldemort… and Voldemort's waiting in the forest… and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rich…" "Stop saying the name!" Ron said in a terrified whisper. Hermione rolled her eyes. Harry wasn't listening. He'd started talking about the centaurs who'd rescued him. "…Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me… I suppose that's written in the stars as well." "Will you stop saying that name!" Ron hissed. "So all I've got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone," Harry went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off… Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy." Hermione couldn't contain herself any longer. "I'm sorry, but what are you talking about?" she demanded. "What do you think Snape is trying to steal? What is going on?" The three boys turned to look at her, and a look flashed over their faces. Harry looked vaguely guilty. "There's a three-headed dog in the forbidden third floor corridor," he told her. "Behind it, a bunch of the teachers each designed some kind of protection, too. They're all to protect the Philosopher's Stone, which Dumbledore is protecting for Nicholas Flamel." "You-Know-Who already tried to steal it from Gringotts, over the summer," Neville added. "Hogwarts is the safest place for it to be." "The Philosopher's Stone?" Hermione repeated dumbly. Her brain felt like it was rejecting their words. "The big prize of alchemy," Ron said. "Creates gold, makes the elixir of life. That deal." "That's real?" Hermione said, stunned. "I- I didn't know that was more than a Muggle story." "Oh, it's real, and Snape is after it," Ron said grimly. "He's worked out all of the puzzles," Harry told her. "We heard Quirrell crying and giving in the other day, and Quirrell's was the last puzzle Snape didn't know how to get through. Now there's nothing keeping from Snape from going after the Stone." Quirrell crying…? Hermione held her head, the pieces of the puzzle finally beginning to click. "You think that the Philosopher's Stone is hidden behind traps in the forbidden 3rd floor corridor, and that Snape is going to try and steal the Stone for Voldemort?" she summarized. She declined to even begin addressing the ridiculousness of the idea of Snape helping Voldemort. "Exactly." Harry nodded fervently. Hermione gnawed at her lip, considering. "I don't know what you saw in the forest," she said slowly, "but Harry, everyone says Dumbledore's the only one that Voldemort was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore around, Voldemort can't come near you and won't touch you." Ron looked bolstered by this, while Harry looked grim. "The Philosopher's Stone..." Hermione said, careful to keep her tone neutral. "What might that look like?" "No idea," Ron said, shrugging. "The books we found didn't exactly give a physical description, only said what it could do." "And the Elixir of Life could help Voldemort return to power," Harry said. "He's around. I just know it. My scar's been hurting all week." They kept talking until it was light out, discussing Voldemort, the stone, and going over the events of the detention again and again until all four of them agreed the best thing to do was stay alert and wary, but to trust Dumbledore to keep Voldemort at bay. It wasn't an easy decision for Harry to come to - Harry very much seemed like was expecting Voldemort to come after him personally, which Hermione couldn't exactly refute. Hermione waited until it was officially morning hours before heading back to her dorm, promptly collapsing on her bed, sleeping until noon, dreams of Dark Lords and odd, twisted mirrors filling her mind.
Hermione could tell that Harry was still on edge about Voldemort hiding in the forest. She had no idea how he was managing his preparing for his exams; the dark circles under his eyes made it obvious he was having nightmares, and he was constantly rubbing his forehead where his scar was, as if it hurt. Voldemort being a threat seemed to hang heavily over Harry, Ron, and Neville, seen in the bleak looks they exchanged and the shadows under their eyes. Hermione had been surprised to realize that she wasn't anywhere nearly as concerned or stressed as they were, despite believing that Voldemort might be lurking nearby. When she'd realized this, she'd quietly asked someone who she'd thought would know. Theo had been surprised, to say the least. "You want to know why you're not afraid of the Dark Lord?" he repeated. Hermione winced. "Can you keep your voice down?" she hissed. "And… not like that. I mean, I have a general ominous feeling about if he returned to power, but not as much stress as… other people do." "Returned to power?" Theo raised an eyebrow. "You don't think the Dark Lord was vanquished at the Potter's that fateful night?" Hermione bit her lip. "That's an interesting word to use, 'vanquish'," she said. "No one ever actually says that he died." There was a silence, and Theo gave her a slow look. "I would imagine you're talking about your Gryffindor pals, being anxious about it," he said, and Hermione nodded. Theo cleared his throat and continued. "In that instance, I'd suggest that you're only working off an abstract idea of the Dark Lord, whereas they have much more direct experience with the Dark Lord and his reign." "Direct experience?" Hermione questioned, quizzical. "They all would have only been one year old!" "And they would have grown up hearing the stories and seeing the scars left behind," Theo said calmly. "Weasley lost family in that time, fighting against the Dark Lord. His mother would have told their story at least once a year. Longbottom's worse – his parents were tortured into insanity after the war by crazed followers of the Dark Lord, who believed they knew where they could find their Lord." Hermione stared. "Tortured- into insanity?" Hermione repeated. "I- I didn't know that was possible." Theo's look was grim. "And Potter- well, he's the worst of the lot, isn't it?" he said. "His parents, both killed in front of him. The Dark Lord, going after him specifically. If Potter thinks the Dark Lord might return, he's probably right in thinking the Dark Lord will target him." Hermione swallowed, imagining. "And then there's you," Theo said, his eyes sharpening. "New Blood or Muggle-born, you were brought up in a Muggle house all the same. You grew up with your own stories, your own dangers to worry over. You never heard the stories, never learned the fear of the name. To you, it's still conceptual, almost a cultural fear of a myth you picked up from a storybook." "I- it's not like that." "Isn't it?" Theo looked angry, now. "You come in here, and you want to know why you're not afraid of the Dark Lord. Do you know what that even means? Do you know what happened to this country at all?" "I do fear the Dark Lord!" Hermione hissed. She grabbed Theo's tie and dragged him closer, glaring into his eyes. "Look at me. Look at me. I know his platform. I know who he targeted. I know who he killed. Do you honestly think I don't fear the Dark Lord?" Theo looked startled and a little scared at her vehemence. Hermione let go with a disgusted look. "Fearing the Dark Lord isn't the same as being afraid of the Dark Lord," she said. "It's more… I'm afraid of a rampaging dragon, that burns anything in its path. But I have a healthy fear of a sphinx, who is terrible, to be sure, but only cuts down the unworthy and isn't indiscriminate about the damage they cause." Theo gave her a long look. "You think the Dark Lord would find you worthy," he said finally. "Despite your Muggle upbringing. Despite your Muggle blood." "New Blood," Hermione corrected. Theo waved her off. "Whatever." Hermione met his gaze steadily as he looked at her. "I suppose if the Dark Lord ever returns, we'll find out if he judges you worthy or not," Theo said slowly. "It could go either way. I hope he would, Hermione – but no one can predict what the Dark Lord would do." Theo gave her a look, a look that clearly read Do not speak of this conversation to anyone or I will kill you, before leaving the classroom. Hermione observed his toss of his head and shoulders, and idly wondered if he was trying for a dramatic exit like Snape made, only to have it fall drastically short without the use of a cape. Hermione scowled after him. "I thought the Dark Lord valued power," Hermione muttered to herself, sulky. "And if he truly values power... I've got that in spades."
Hermione was pleasantly surprised to find she was enjoying her exams. The written papers weren't nearly as challenging as she had feared, and she enjoyed the chance to show off her knowledge without worrying about how she appeared to the other Slytherins. The practical exams were fun as well. Professor Flitwick had called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. Hermione found it easy. She paused as it reached the other side of the table, an impish smile touching her lips as Flitwick wrote in his book, a quick guess based on him being the choir teacher, and she went for it. "Do dee doo do, do dee doo do…" Flitwick jerked his head up sharply, recognition flaring in his eyes to Hermione's relief. She did her best to hum as she made the pineapple tap-dance to Singing in the Rain, and Flitwick laughed and clapped his hands in delight, before singing it and humming along with her – his voice much better, as the choir teacher. By the end of it, Flitwick had stood up and roared with his applause. "That was marvelous!" he told her. "Doing the edge of the desk for the curb! You remembered the entire number! How creative! What skill for a first year!" "It was one of my mother's favorite movies," Hermione told him, smiling. "I must have seen it a hundred times." "Oh, extra credit for that, Miss Granger-!" he said, writing on his scroll. "Oh, well done-!" Not all her classes were easy to try and earn extra points for. Transfiguration, she managed to turn her mouse into a snuffbox, but points were given on how pretty the snuffbox was, and pretty was a subjective criterion. McGonagall had given her a rare smile at the Baroque ornamented gold snuffbox she'd managed to produce, though, so Hermione hoped she'd managed to do well. For Potions, both Hermione and Theo brewed (independently, mind you) the more advanced version of the Forgetfulness Potion they'd done a month ago. Hermione's turned out just a shade truer than Theo's, and she shot him a smug grin as she turned in her flask, Theo rolling his eyes and grinning. Both of theirs were much clearer then the murky results of the rest of the class, and they both left the exam earlier than the rest of the students, Snape waving them off with a sigh. The last exam was History of Magic, which was the most frustrating for Hermione. Not only was there no practical to go above and beyond on, but it was a list of questions about irrelevant historical trivia that had had to be rote memorized – there was no greater system of knowledge to link the details Binns had wanted to. She was glad that she'd felt confident at each answer, but she was frustrated that she'd had to bother at all. Surely there was more to Wizarding history than this…? After exams were over, the weather was hot, so Hermione gamely tagged along to the side of the lake where the Gryffindor boys were de-stressing, with Ron and Neville trying to skip rocks, Harry sitting and rubbing his head. "Are you okay?" Hermione asked Harry, concerned. "I just wish I knew what it meant," Harry said, prodding at his scar. "You could go to Madam Pomfrey," Neville suggested. "I'm not ill," said Harry. "I think it's a warning… it means danger's coming…" Hermione's mind flashed to Harry's encounter in the forest, and she shifted uneasily. "Well, it's a curse scar from a Dark curse, so it might be reacting to Dark magic in the area," Hermione said slowly. "What's changed in the area that could be… Dark?" "Hey!" Ron turned away from the lake to fix her with a piercing look. Hermione glared back. "What?" "How do you know so much about Dark magic?" Ron demanded. "Oh, honestly, Ronald!" Hermione threw her hands up in exasperation. "It's in our Defense Against the Dark Arts textbook! You'd know it too, if you'd ever bothered to read your assignments!" Ron flushed an unattractive mottled red. Harry was still rubbing his scar. "It's got to be the Stone," Harry said. "It's got to be." "Harry, the Stone's safe as long as Dumbledore's around," Ron reminded him. "Anyway, we've never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once; he's not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down." "Hey!" Neville chucked a rock at Ron, who tried to catch it and missed. Harry nodded, but it was obvious to Hermione that he was still dwelling on it. For that matter, she would probably be dwelling on someone trying to steal the Stone if she were in his place. As it was, she knew that there was absolutely no chance of the Stone being stolen from Hogwarts – not anymore, at least. But Hermione wasn't about to admit that. Harry abruptly jumped to his feet. "Where're you going?" Ron asked. "I've just thought of something," Harry said. He looked pale. "We've got to go and see Hagrid, now." He took off, running for Hagrid's hut. The others got to their feet to chase after him. "Don't you think it's a bit odd," said Harry, stumbling slightly as he ran, "that what Hagrid wants more than anything else in the world in a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his pocket?" Harry kept talking, but Hermione tuned him out as the picture crystalized in her mind. Of course the dragon had been a trap for Hagrid. He'd probably told the stranger all about the dangerous creatures he'd taken care of, so he'd seem like a good dragon owner – which would have been exactly what the person would have wanted… A quick conversation with the Hagrid confirmed Hermione's fears – and Harry's, too. Hermione tried not to betray her emotions, but Ron and Neville were clearly aghast at Hagrid's carelessness. As soon as their suspicions were confirmed, Harry took off for the entrance hall, the rest of them running after him again. "We've got to go to Dumbledore," said Harry. "Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that cloak – it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might back us up if Bane doesn't stop him. Where's Dumbledore's office?" They looked around the halls, as if there would be a sign pointing them in the correct direction. It abruptly occurred to Hermione that she had no idea where Dumbledore resided, nor had she ever heard of someone being sent to see him. "We'll just have to–" Harry started, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall. "What are you four doing inside?" It was Professor McGonagall, carrying a large pile of books. "We want to see Professor Dumbledore," said Neville, rather bravely. "See Professor Dumbledore?" Professor McGonagall repeated. The suspicion was heavy in her tone. "Why?" "It's sort of secret," Harry said, McGonagall's nostrils flared. "Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago," she said coldly. "He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once." That struck Hermione as odd. He flew there, instead of Flooed there? It would take hours to get to London on a broom. She made a mental note of it to examine later. "He's gone?" Harry said frantically. "Now?" "Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard, Potter. He has many demands on his time –" "But this is important." "Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic, Potter?" "Look," Harry said, and Hermione winced at his tone, bracing herself. "Professor – it's about the Philosopher's Stone –" The books McGonagall had been carrying tumbled from her arms. "How do you know-?" she spluttered. Privately, Hermione was surprised that more people didn't know. She'd have expected the Weasley Twins to know at the least. Surely a group of first years hadn't been the only curious ones? "Professor, I think – I know – that Sn – that someone's going to try and steal the Stone. I've got to talk to Professor Dumbledore." Hermione watched as Professor McGonagall's eyes narrowed and she shut Harry down, informing him that Professor Dumbledore would be back the next day. She told them to go outside and enjoy the sunshine… …but, of course, Harry wasn't having any of that. "It's tonight," said Harry, checking to make sure Professor McGonagall was out of earshot. "Snape's going through the trapdoor tonight. He's found out everything he needs, and now he's got Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note; I bet the Ministry will get a real shock when Dumbledore shows up." "Oh, honestly, Harry," Hermione snapped. "I'll give you Voldemort, maybe, but it is not going to be –" Neville gasped, and Hermione and Harry wheeled around. Snape was standing there. "Good afternoon," he said smoothly. "Good afternoon, Professor Snape," Hermione responded, bowing her head. Snape nodded in her direction slightly, his eyes fixed on the boys. The three Gryffindors stood there, staring at him. "You shouldn't be inside on a day like this," he said, with an odd, twisted smile. "We were—" Harry began. "You want to be more careful," Snape said. "Hanging around like this, people will think you're up to something. And Gryffindor really can't afford to lose any more points, can it?" Hermione sighed and prepared herself. She was sure Harry had some sort of plan. Harry's plan was terrible. It was basically to wander around the 3rd floor corridor guarding it, with one of them tailing Snape (despite her protestations that it wasn't Snape). After a brief argument, Hermione refused to help. "You do what you want," she informed them. "I'll meet up with you after dinner, but I am not going to lurk around the castle suspiciously. It will just get you into more trouble." Ron's eyes blazed in defiance, and Hermione flounced off. She didn't go outside, however. There was a dark suspicion lurking in her mind. Instead, she went to the Defense Against the Dark Arts room, knocking on the door. "C-c-c-come in, p-please." Hermione entered the room, seeing Professor Quirrell writing furiously on papers at the front of the desk. "Grading exams already, Professor?" she queried, looking around idly. The classroom seemed somehow… emptier, than it had before. The posters of vampires had been put away. "G-g-got to do it s-sometime, d-d-don't I?" Quirrell said, offering her a tremulous smile. Hermione laughed, offering him a small smile in return. "How c-can I help you, M-M-Miss G-Granger?" Hermione paused, carefully considering how to phrase what she wanted to say. "There are rumors that there is a curse on the Defense Against the Dark Arts position," she said slowly. "You have lasted nearly the entire year." Professor Quirrell turned his head to look up at her. His eyes sharpened on her. "And…?" His voice was curt. "Just… just in case something happened to you, before the official end of the year, I wanted to thank you," she told him, struggling to not bite her lip. "I appreciate you pointing me in the direction of the ritual books you did, and helping me along the path of knowledge, not telling me to shy from it instead." Quirrell's eyes flickered with red, and there was an odd satisfaction and pride in his eyes. "Did you now?" he asked, and there was a sly note to his voice. It very much did not sound like Quirrell. Again, the stutter was gone. "I did," Hermione said, nodding. "And…" In for a penny, in for a pound, she supposed. "…and should anything abruptly happen, something sudden and unexpected, I wanted to offer my services to… help make sure your things don't into the wrong hands." Quirrell looked directly at her, and Hermione held her breath. His eyes felt like they were burning hers. "You want my spell books, if something should happen to me," he summarized. Hermione bit her lip. "Well, yes, but only temporarily," she admitted. "Presumably, you would have some things, being the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, that might cause concern or inquiries from Dumbledore or the Ministry. If something were to happen, I could hurry and take care of any such things for you, and then return them to you once you were better or in a safe place to have them again." Quirrell raised an eyebrow. "You think I might get hurt, Miss Granger?" he queried. He was watching her carefully. Hermione took a deep breath, summoning her inner Gryffindor. "Well, Snape did get bitten at Halloween, sir," she said steadily. "Sometime the best of plans can go awry from the simplest things." Quirrell regarded her for a long moment, before he started to laugh. It was low and dark, and his eyes sparked with malice. "Smart girl," he purred, and Hermione shuddered. "To know, and to come to me, and not go to that bumbling fool…" He reached into his desk, pulling out a large rock of obsidian. It had a rune of some sort roughly hewn into it, and there was a thick, heavy aura around it. Hermione gasped; she recognized the rune and stone from one of her books – one of the Dark ritual tomes. "This is a traditional ward stone," he informed her, his eyes gleaming. "Do you know what this does?" "It protects personal property," Hermione said, hesitating. "Anyone who isn't bound to the rune stone cannot enter or touch the protected property." She paused. "They're not used much anymore, since the Ministry of Magic began looking down on blood magic." Quirrell looked at her and raised an expectant eyebrow. His face seemed almost completely different from that of her cowering DADA teacher – somehow sharper, leaner, meaner. Forcing herself to stay brave, Hermione held out her hand. The blade appeared from nowhere and slit Hermione's left palm, stinging. It hurt more than she thought it would, but then Quirrell was smearing her palm over the stone, whispering words into the stone… or was that hissing? A moment later, the blood seemed to seep into the stone, and the stone turned a dull red color, before returning to its normal black. Quirrell turned to her, looking satisfied. "You understand what this means?" he told her, wiping off his knife with a handkerchief. "If something happens and I vanish, you will collect my things and hold onto them until they can be returned to me?" Hermione nodded. "I understand, sir," she said, bowing her head. There was a silence, and then Quirrell laughed. It was high and cold. "Slytherin to the core, but with a streak of Gryffindor in you, aren't you?" He smirked. "You have gained my favor, if nothing else. Now go – enjoy the rest of the day." His eyes gleamed. "There might not be another one so nice for quite a while." Hermione could tell when she was being dismissed. Nearly shaking with her bravery, Hermione managed to make it outside, get to the tree next to the lake, and collapse. "I think I've agreed to board Lord Voldemort's things," she told a butterfly, fluttering nearby. "What do I do now?" The butterfly didn't seem to give any indication one way or the other. With a deep sigh, Hermione sat back against the tree, tried to relax, and dozed until dinner.
After dinner, Hermione met back up with Harry, Neville, and Ron in the Gryffindor Common Room. The afternoon had not gone well for them. "McGonagall threatened to take more points off if she caught us near the third floor corridor again," Harry said. "Took offense that we thought we were stronger than all the protections that were already on the Stone…" "Snape kept turning up, too," Ron said grimly. "Slimy git can't wait to get his hands on it…" "Dumbledore is still away at the Ministry," Neville added. "I asked Professor Sprout if he'd be back in time for the year-ending feast, and she told me." There was a tense silence. "Well, that's it then, isn't it?" Harry said. Hermione turned to look at him. He looked pale, and his eyes were glittering. "I'm going out of here tonight and I'm going to try to get to the Stone first." "You're mad!" Ron exclaimed. Hermione opened her mouth, before pausing, then deliberately closing her mouth. Harry's jaw was set, and defiance was flaming in his eyes. Nothing she said – nothing – was going to reach him now. And she wasn't about to appeal to his sense of logic and rationality when it was clear all such reasoning ability was gone. "You're serious?" Hermione said, staring at him in disbelief. "You're seriously going to go through the traps instead of waiting for a teacher to deal with it?" "Snape already knows how to get through all the traps!" Harry's eyes flashed. "We have to follow him and hold him off. If Voldemort gets the stone… well…" Not for the first time since she had heard the news, Hermione felt a twinge of guilt. The stone was safe at Gringotts, and so far, no one knew she'd replaced it with a fake. Oddly, Hermione felt a sense of disappointment. She'd been genuinely excited to win the obstacle course. Biting her lip, Hermione considered her options. If she admitted she had the stone, when it wasn't supposed to be a prize for beating the obstacle course, she could possibly get charged with theft. She wasn't entirely sure how the legal system worked in the Wizarding World, but she imagined it wouldn't be to her advantage to learn that for the first time as a defendant. The safest option for her was to act as if she had no other information about the stone, and as if she, too, thought Voldemort was after it. Them going after it might even help secure the veracity of the stone in Voldemort's mind. And if she didn't go with them, they'd likely get themselves killed. "Fine," Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "Let me get my pack, and we'll head out from here at curfew." The three stared at her. "…you're coming with us?" Ron said dubiously. "Of course. You promised I could come on the next adventure. And besides," she said, folding her arms, "you'll probably get yourselves killed without me." Harry and Neville exchanged a look, before nodding. "Get whatever you need to," Harry told her. "Make sure you're back up here before curfew." Hermione's dungeoneering pack sat undisturbed under her bed, unused since January. She changed into her black denims and a long-sleeved black shirt as well – after all, they were going to be creeping about the school at night. She cast a glance up at the heavy stone crowns before slinging the bag over her shoulders and leaving without them. She doubted she'd be able to get a free pass through the chess game, even if she did have the white crown. The wait for nightfall was intense. Ron and Neville attempted to play gobstones while Harry paced, and Hermione sat curled up in a chair with a book, considering everything that could go wrong while they waited. Biting her lip, she discreetly penned a letter to Snape, detailing Harry's ridiculous plan, how she was sure it was Quirrell they were actually going to find, but how she felt obligated to go along to keep him alive. She also made sure to mention that they only reason they were going on this insane quest was because McGonagall didn't trust her own House members; the fact that she was writing Snape a letter was clear evidence that Slytherin worked to the contrary. She put it in an envelope, marked it clearly "Severus Snape" on the envelope, and sealed it. She'd drop it in the hallway as they left, and Filch and Mrs. Norris would find it for sure. When the time came, Harry stood. "All right," he said. He looked at them all and winced. "This is going to be a tight fit." "A tight fit…?" Hermione questioned, and Harry withdrew a cloak out of nowhere. As he settled it about his body, Hermione gasped. "That's – you have an invisibility cloak?" "Don't tell anyone," Ron warned, but Hermione was still gaping. "Where- how did you-" "Family heirloom," Harry said shortly. "Can we go now?" In order to fit them all, they'd had to condense as much as possible. Hermione ended up on Harry's back, piggy-back style, and Neville on Ron's, who was whining about the extra weight, but shut up when Harry offered to trade partners. They crept slowly down the hallways, as quietly as possible. Hermione discreetly dropped her letter when they heard Filch creeping around nearby, though they didn't run into him directly. When they got to the 3rd floor corridor, the door was unlocked already. "Snape's already inside," Harry said grimly, and Hermione rolled her eyes. Harry had a roughly-hewn wooden flute that he began playing as he opened the door, and despite his lack of skill, Hermione was pleased to see the Cerberus' eyes droop almost immediately. Hermione stashed the cloak in her bag while Ron and Neville went over to the trap door and opened it, and to Hermione's horror, jumped immediately inside. "What on earth-?! Oh Merlin…" Hermione crossed her fingers that Neville would be able to recognize the Devil's Snare quickly. She gestured for Harry to jump first, before she followed him quickly, slamming the trap door closed behind her. The soft thump of her landing had her already prepared, blasting through the plant around her with Incendio as a matter of course. Neville had at least recognized the plant and was doing his best to escape, but Ron was tangled quite tightly, the plant constricting his chest. "Fight it with fire," Hermione cried out to them, falling through the plant herself. She quickly regained her feet. Looking up through the plant, she aimed at where Harry was. "Incendio!" Harry fell through shortly, to Hermione's relief, and Hermione moved on to Neville. From the sound of it, Neville was struggling to keep both himself and Ron from being strangled, as Ron couldn't get to his wand. It was brave, but ultimately foolish, in Hermione's opinion. With Harry's help, soon both boys were falling free, Ron coughing as he hit the ground hard. "Thank Merlin you're brilliant at Herbology, Neville," he managed to get out. "Otherwise that plant would have strangled the both of us alive." Harry cast a sideways glance at Hermione, who ignored it. "Let's keep going," Harry said resolutely, and they all followed him as he opened the next door. The room was filled with dozens of glittering, winged keys. Hermione watched them as Harry looked up in awe. "They're- they're keys! And look!" He gestured to the brooms, and Neville went pale. "We have to catch the right one…" "But there are dozens of them!" Ron looked uneasy. "Look! There, the silver one, with the blue wings. One of the wings is slightly bent! We'll catch that one!" "Or," Hermione said, as the final click of the tumbler slid into place, and she opened the door, "we can just keep going instead." There was a silence. "Is that a lock picking set?" Harry asked. Hermione shrugged. "Does it matter if it is?" There was a pause. "No," Harry said finally. "Let's go." Hermione let out a breath of relief as she slid the lock picking set back into her pack, and they all piled through the doorway. As the sconces lit, Ron's face came alive. "Chess…" he breathed. Hermione bit her lip, reluctant to admit it, but she was grateful Ron was with them. At least, for this. "We have to play our way across," he said. He looked at the pieces, nodding. "Okay. Harry, you take the king's side bishop. Neville, you take that castle. Hermione-" "Hermione will be taking the king," Hermione interrupted smoothly, holding her hand out expectantly to the large stone figure. The piece wordlessly handed over his crown, and Hermione set about securing it to her head through some intricate braids. "I was going to give you the queen," Ron objected. "Nope. King." Hermione was defiant. "What are you going to be, Ron?" Harry said quickly. "Me? I'll be a knight…" The chess game was close, Hermione could tell. It was just as terrifying as the first time she'd done it – perhaps even more so, with the danger of her friends being hurt. When the white queen turned her blank face towards Ron, Hermione winced, and Harry caught her expression. "What-?" "It's okay," Ron said, though he'd gone pale. "I have to. After this, Harry, you'll be free to checkmate the king." "You can't sacrifice yourself!" Neville's knees were trembling, but he stayed on his square. "You can't!" "Do you want to stop Snape or not?" Ron demanded. There was a silence, and Ron nodded once, decisive. "That's what I thought." Ron moved slowly into place, bracing himself for the impact. The white queen slid over and struck him hard, her marble arm crashing into his head and sending him across the room with a yell to hit the wall hard, where he dropped down, out cold. The horse he'd been on lay in shambles on the board, destroyed. Hermione winced, while Neville screamed. "Harry," Hermione said sharply. "Your move. Finish this." Looking sick to his stomach, Harry moved across the board, shaking. "Checkmate…?" It sounded like a question. The white king threw its stone crown at Harry's feet, and Harry grabbed it before they all rushed over to Ron in relief. "He's unconscious," Hermione said, checking him over. "He needs Madam Pomfrey – bad." Harry looked grim. "There isn't time. We'll have to leave him." "Absolutely not," Hermione snapped. She turned to Neville. "Neville, take Ron to Madam Pomfrey. I'll get Harry through the rest of the obstacles." "You two? Alone?" Neville looked doubtful, and Hermione drew herself up. "Neville," she said. "We can't let Voldemort win in any way – and that includes making us leave our friends behind. Ron might have a serious concussion, and I can't carry him. He needs medical help, and you're the only one to do it. We need you right now." Neville's eyes flashed, and he straightened himself. "Right," he said, nodding decisively. "I can do this. Not every soldier in a war is on the front lines, but everyone contributes to the win." It sounded almost like he was quoting something, something she didn't recognize. Hermione blinked, but nodded anyway. "Exactly." Harry helped Ron up onto Neville's shoulders, while Hermione cast the best Feather-light charm on Ron's body she could, knowing Neville wouldn't be able to maintain a Locomotor Mortis charm with his agitated state. As Neville set off, Hermione turned to Harry. "Ready?" she said simply. Harry gave her a look and nodded silently. Hermione crept over to the next door, peeking around it, before sighing in relief. "We're good," she said. "Let's go." They walked quietly past a large troll, which seemed to have been knocked out. The room stank of troll blood. "We need to go over this next threshold together," Hermione said. "Take my arm. Ready? On three…" They stepped carefully over the threshold, purple fire erupting in the doorway behind them, black fire blocking their way forward. "What is this…?" Harry said, looking at the bottles. "Snape's puzzle…?" "It's a logic puzzle," Hermione said, her eyes scanning the scroll for any changes. There were none. "Take the smallest bottle, Harry – it'll get you through to the final room. That's where…" she hesitated. "That's where Voldemort's servant will be." Harry picked up the smallest bottle, but instead of taking it, he turned to her. "How do you know it's the final room?" he asked. Hermione kept a carefully blank expression as she shrugged. "All the other teachers have had their puzzle," she said. "All that's left is Dumbledore's." Harry's face was stone. "You knew about the Devil's Snare," he told her. "You knew about the Flying Keys room – you had those lock picks at the ready. And you knew about this room, and the next – you've been through this before, haven't you?" Hermione winced. "Look," Hermione said quietly. "Yes, I have. I thought it was an obstacle course – a scholastic challenge. I wanted to beat it." Harry looked disbelieving, but Hermione went on. "When I got here, there were so many fantastic things – was a school-wide challenge really that out of the realm of possibility?" Hermione was flustered, waving a hand as she spoke rapidly. "When a first-year spell could open the door, and the corridor wasn't even warded? I thought it was a challenge. I thought it was an extra-credit obstacle course – a competition. And I like to win." Harry started to grin, and Hermione blushed. "You would," he said with amusement. Hermione rolled her eyes but smirked. "The next room is the last," she said seriously. "There's a mirror in there – a fancy one with odd writing around the frame. It shows weird things." Harry's eyes flared with recognition, and Hermione felt her own suspicions confirm. "I don't think I can follow you," Hermione said quietly. "Good luck." Harry stood up straight, resolute. "Right." He drained the small bottle and stepped through the flames, and Hermione sighed, before drinking from the round bottle and returning to the troll room. The troll smelled awful, and Hermione took her time to stop and examine it this time, curious. It seemed like the troll had been knocked out by severe head trauma, somehow. Had someone conjured a tree trunk to bash its head in? She glanced around, idly wondering if it was its own club that had done it. The troll looked like it wasn't about to get up again, so Hermione settled in to wait. After a minute or so, she saw the purple flames die down, and after a moment's thought, she got up and went back into the potion room. The flames sprung back up, but Hermione ignored them, focusing instead on grabbing the small potion bottle. She still seemed able to get through the purple flames herself. She returned to the troll room again, setting down the bottle, before going back to the room twice more after the flames dies down each time. It was just as she had returned from her third trip that she could hear footsteps charging towards her. She straightened, dusting off her robes, and picked up the small bottles. A moment later, Professor Dumbledore rounded the corner, followed closely by Professor Snape. They both skidded to a halt when they saw her, and Hermione nodded respectfully. "Harry's in the last chamber," she told them, offering them each a small bottle. "He's been in there for over five minutes, but under ten. I'd hurry." Professor Dumbledore's eyes twinkled, and he took one of the bottles and downed it cheerfully, before running towards the potion chamber himself. He seemed to be a man on a mission; his eyes had barely registered Hermione before he'd moved on. Snape stood there a moment longer, regarding her carefully. "You were prepared for us to come through here, so you stockpiled these?" he questioned her. Hermione shrugged. "For someone to come through – you, McGonagall, Dumbledore, hell, even Hagrid – who knows who Weasley and Neville would have called for help?" Snape's lips twitched as if he wanted to smile. "Thank you," he said, drinking the potion. He shuddered, then gave her a curt look. "You should get out of here." "I should," agreed Hermione amicably, turning towards the chess room. "Good luck, sir," she added. Snape nodded once, then took after Dumbledore. Hermione watched him vanish behind brilliant violet flames, before heading back through the chess room. She'd done her job, getting Harry help to make sure he survived the encounter. Hermione wasn't about to stick around near an unconscious troll when there were finally adults around to take care of things, to say nothing of Voldemort facing off with Harry in the next room. She rather thought he'd be none too pleased with her if he learned she'd been helping Harry.
"And the stone's gone?" Ron said again. Harry nodded. "It shattered, when Voldemort made Quirrell come after me for it. Quirrell grabbed me, his skin started burning, and the stone shattered. I'm lucky I didn't get stone shards stuck in my hands. Dumbledore said it probably had to do with whatever Dark magic Quirrell was about to use targeting the stone instead of me." Harry started telling them about his mother's protection somehow protecting him, and Hermione tuned him out. She'd heard all this before; she'd eavesdropped when Dumbledore came to visit Harry in the Hospital Wing. If Dumbledore had known she was under Harry's cloak, he hadn't let on. "Are you going to be okay, though?" Neville asked, looking unsure. "I'll be fine," Harry said, offering them a grin. "Madame Pomfrey just wants to make sure I don't over-exhaust myself. I scared her a lot, I think." "How soon?" Ron wanted to know. "Last Quidditch match is tomorrow." Harry looked uneasy. "I…" Hermione winced. Harry had escaped a lot of the worst of what could have happened, protected by Dumbledore's timely arrival and Snape's quick battleground triage, but to play Quidditch so soon after his injury? "It's a miracle he's not still unconscious, after what he went through," Madame Pomfrey snapped, bustling into the room. She set several potions down on Harry's nightstand. "He's in no shape to play Quidditch." "But it's the last game of the season!" Ron objected. "And Gryffindor doesn't have a reserve Seeker!" "Gryffindor will just have to do without," Madame Pomfrey said coolly. She turned to Harry. "Drink these. Then all of you, out! Mister Potter here needs his rest." "I'm not tired," Harry objected, but Hermione smiled and shook her head. She could see the strain in his face as he tried not to yawn. "You may visit again tomorrow," Madame Pomfrey informed them, "if Harry is feeling up to it." Hermione and Neville stood and thanked her, while Ron glared at her departing back, sulking. "Feel better, Harry," Hermione said, resting a hand on his for a moment. She offered him a soft smile, and Harry looked surprised. "Take care." They left the Hospital Wing. It was only just past the doors that Ron turned to Neville, earnest. "We have to do something," he said. "Gryffindor will lose the match without Harry!" "We could tell Wood?" Neville offered. "After all, he's the captain." They took off for the Gryffindor common room, Neville waving goodbye as they ran off, and Hermione shook her head to herself, bemused, as she descended into the cool of dungeons. Most of the Slytherins were there, taking refuge from the abrupt heat spell in the cool under the lake. Some of them glanced up as she entered, and there was a murmur as they recognized who it was. "Hermione," someone breathed in relief, and suddenly, her classmates were around her. "What happened?" "The Gryffindors are saying you killed Quirrell!" "What happened to Potter?" "Snape won't tell us anything!" This last was whined by Tracey. Hermione looked at her friend. "What makes you think something happened at all?" "The teachers have been going in and out of the third-floor corridor all day, emptying it of weird things and guarding the hallway from us," Theo said. "The older students are saying it reeks of Dark magic. On top of that, Quirrell was just gone, along with Potter, Longbottom, Weasley, and you." "So if anyone knows what's going on, it'll be you," Tracey said expectantly. "So. Spill." Hermione's lips twitched, and she grinned. "Okay, I'll tell you all," she said. "I'll tell you what actually happened. Merlin knows the Gryffindors are probably getting all the details wrong." She sat, and her classmates (and a lot of others) sat around her, giving her their undivided attention. Hermione smiled. This was kind of nice. She started at the beginning, or as close as she could – with Harry's suspicion that the Philosopher's Stone was hidden in the school, and his utter conviction that Snape was after it. It was fun to tell the story. The Slytherins hissed every time she mentioned the Gryffindors' suspicion of Snape, and they looked like they were sitting on tenterhooks when she described the decision that they would go in after Voldemort to get the stone themselves. "That was dumb," Adrian Pucey commented, folding his arms. "Potter seriously thought he could beat Snape?" "I don't think he was thinking very clearly at all," Hermione said, shrugging. "He probably thought it was a suicide mission, but he didn't really think he had another option." "Did you?" Draco asked. His eyes were piercing. Hermione snorted. "Do you really think I'd have gone along if I thought it was a suicide run?" She detailed each of the challenges facing them as the group had made their way to the stone. She took her time, telling the tale more as a story, rather than just a factual list of the order of events. Her audience gasped and groaned at the revelation of Hagrid's mad three-headed dog, and she got several approving murmurs from her quick handling of the Devil's Snare. The next room caused some difficulty. "Wait, you used what?" Pansy wanted to know. "Lock picks," Hermione repeated patiently. "They're a muggle tool used to manually open locks." "Why did you even have lock picks?" Pansy asked, making a face. "With Alohomora, it's not like any wizard would even need them." "Except we did, didn't we?" Hermione said coolly. "The door and its lock were spelled to resist magic. Not Muggle tools." "Bet Weasley was disappointed he didn't have an excuse to fly around on a broom," Daphne said, snickering, and several others snickered around her. Theo, however, was giving her a considering look. Hermione continued, describing the chess room board, how the pieces came to life, and how they had had to play their way across the board. Blaise's head had come up, his ears almost visibly twitching at the mention of a giant chessboard, and Hermione didn't much care for the look of the slowly-growing smirk on his face as she finished describing the room, saying how Ron had gotten captured, reiterating how glad she'd been that she'd taken the place of the king. "A giant magic chess set," he murmured. "You don't say…" She told them how she'd ordered Neville off with Ron to the Hospital Wing, continuing with Harry on her own. How the troll had been knocked out and bleeding, and how they'd gotten to Snape's room together, and the puzzle he'd left. There were appreciative murmurs at Snape's puzzle, and nods when Hermione said that she'd solved it, which unexpectedly bolstered her – no one seemed to be questioning that she was smart enough to solve his puzzle. She explained how she'd sent Harry ahead to the last room to face Quirrell, how she'd gone back to the troll room to wait for help, and how she'd given Dumbledore and Snape the small potions she'd gathered when they'd come charging through minutes later. Hermione then detailed what had happened between Harry and Quirrell before Dumbledore had gotten there, taking particular delight in the horrified gasps when she described Quirrell revealing Voldemort on the back of his head. "So You-Know-Who really is still alive?" Millie said, looking worried. "He's like a shade right now," Hermione said. "A wandering spirit. But yes, he's alive." She turned grim. "If he manages to get another body, a real one of his own, not one he's slowly rotting through possession, then there will be problems. But for right now… there's time, yet, before…" She trailed off, looking out at her crowd. Some of her classmates had fierce glints in their eyes, but more of them looked somber. Hermione cleared her throat. The end of the story was quick, but dramatic – Harry finding the stone (she couldn't believe the mirror had worked exactly the same with the duplicate stone as it had with the real one), Quirrell attacking him, Quirrell's body burning and decaying to ash where he touched Harry, and the stone exploding in his hand. How Dumbledore had finally reached the scene, too late to capture Voldemort as he fled Quirrell's dying body, but in time to rescue Harry, whom he had personally carried to the hospital wing. "That is way more surreal than what the Gryffindors are saying," Theo said, after she was done. "They were saying that Quirrell was trying to kill Potter for the defeat of the Dark Lord, and Potter somehow lured him into the Forbidden Corridor as a defense." Hermione smirked. "I suspect that the Gryffindor rumor mill isn't particularly accurate or efficient," she commented. "Especially if the Weasley twins are involved at all." This seemed to reassure the others, who all broke apart to discuss this in quiet murmurs amongst themselves. Hermione stayed in her seat, resting, while Draco, Blaise, Theo, and Daphne pulled their chairs in closer. "Potter's still in the Hospital Wing," Draco said. He looked at her. "Will he be out in time for tomorrow's Quidditch match?" Hermione made a face. "Absolutely not," she told him. "Madame Pomfrey was livid at Weasley for suggesting it." "Tomorrow, then," he told her seriously. "The last stage of Downfall to Weasley. It's the best time." Hermione bit her lip. "What exactly do I have to do?" Theo began talking in a low voice. They would wind up Ron, they told her. They'd make sure to sit near enough to make smart remarks and infuriate him, and because Snape wasn't refereeing, Snape would be enough of a deterrent to Ron that he'd refrain from getting physical and attacking them. "The thing the plan depends on the most is Gryffindor losing," Theo told her. "But with Potter out, and no relief Seeker… their odds aren't looking good." After they lost, Hermione would step in to offer Ron comfort or consoling words – right as he passed by the teachers, as close to the enchanted microphone as they could get as they left the stands. Ron, with his explosive temper, would probably take out his fury on Hermione as the closest non-Gryffindor target. He would say something hateful, and at that point, all she needed to do was cry. "It's perfectly timed," Theo emphasized. "You just went after these three idiots and helped keep them alive, and everyone knows it. Potter won't be there to be his restraint. Weasley being cruel to you and making you cry will demonize him in front of everyone, and everyone in the school will be there to see it." Hermione bit her lip, but nodded, resolute. "I… If I do this, I'll probably end up crying for real," she admitted. She looked up at them, unsure. "Can… will someone…" "We'll be right there," Daphne reassured her, earnest. "I'll be right there to help you calm down, while Weasley's getting torn to shreds by the professors. You're to be looked at as a good person Weasley victimized – not someone weak. Don't worry. We've got you." Hermione looked around at her classmates, and they all nodded. She nodded slowly back. "I'll be ready," she said, sighing. "I'll do it." At the completion of their plotting, Daphne drifted off to go talk to Millie, but the boys lagged behind, all with a certain gleam in their eyes. "What a coincidence, that McGonagall's puzzle was a chess set," Blaise said, offering her a sly grin. "How lucky you were that Weasley was there to play it for you – seeing as you're crap at chess." Hermione tried to keep her face lily-white and emotionless, though she felt a rush of blood to her cheeks against her will. She fought to hide her instinctive response at his unstated accusation. "What a stroke of luck that you happened to have Muggle lock picks on you," Theo said, his eyes glinting. "Who knows how long it would have taken to catch and use the right key?" "How lucky it was that you were so prepared for what Potter thought was a suicide run," Draco said, his eyes unreadable. "Why, it's almost as if you knew exactly what was coming, before you got to it." Hermione stood deliberately, brushing off her robes, raising an eyebrow at them. Her heart was pounding in her chest, even as she fought to keep her face expressionless. "Are you going to stand around implying things all day," she said finally, "or do you have a formal accusation to make?" That struck them, she saw, and they each recoiled a bit. A formal accusation was a token from a bygone era, where purebloods would denounce each other and duel to the death. "I am just wondering," Draco said slowly, carefully, "why a corridor seemingly designed to protect a very powerful artifact was so easily overcome by a group of first years." "Oh." Hermione tossed her head. "That's easy – Dumbledore was trying to lure out-" she faltered "-the Dark Lord." Harry might be brave enough to call him 'Voldemort,' but Hermione couldn't get away with that in Slytherin – not if she wanted to fit in. "You think it was a trap?" Blaise asked. "Of course it was a trap," Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "None of the obstacles were particularly deadly. What most of them were designed to do was take up time. I imagine Dumbledore put them all up as a way of stalling the Dark Lord before he could get to the end, in order for him to be caught." "Yeah, by Potter," Draco snorted, but Hermione looked thoughtful. "You know, I wouldn't be surprised if that was on purpose, too," she said. "Harry had… an unusual amount of information come his way this year, leading him to what all he knew about the stone. I wouldn't be surprised if Dumbledore wanted to see how Harry could handle this weakened version of You-Know-Who. Maybe he was hoping he'd finish him off." Draco and Theo looked thoughtful at that, and they nodded, before going their separate ways. Hermione was left with Blaise as she started heading toward her dormitory. "I am not about to be so easily distracted, love," Blaise told her, with a sly grin. "So tell me – why did you play against McGonagall's chess set before?" Hermione sighed. "I thought it was an obstacle course, all right?" she snapped. "I thought it was a school-wide test. It seemed too easy to actually be forbidden, and I wanted to get to the end and win." Blaise laughed delightedly. To Hermione's surprise, he took her hand and suddenly pulled her into a spin, then caught her, as if they were dancing. "You are a treasure," he pronounced, his eyes alight. "What a shame you were met by a troll on the other side. Though, if I were to bet on anyone from our class to go up against a troll, it would be you." He pressed a chaste kiss to her hair, twirled her out of his arms again with a laugh, and went off to the boys' dormitory with a jaunt to his step. Hermione felt the flush of her face as she went to her own room, not quite sure whether to be offended that Blaise had presumed she couldn't best a troll, or to be glad that Blaise had assumed she hadn't gotten farther, so no one was the wiser about her pre-emptively stealing Voldemort's goal.
Hermione left the dungeons very, very late that night, at nearly 3am. She wore black denims, a black turtleneck, and Harry's invisibility cloak around her. Part of her was utterly terrified, but part of her felt oddly still and settled. She had asked for this, hadn't she? Hermione silently crept up from the dungeons, careful to avoid Mrs. Norris, making her way to the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom. The door was locked. It yielded to a hushed, "Alohomora!" and Hermione made her way inside. The classroom had been stripped. Hermione looked around, unable to tell if Quirrell had stripped the classroom, or if another teacher had already been through. She moved towards Quirrell's private office with her wand out, figuring this door would be locked, too. As she reached for the doorknob, there was a sharp zap across her hand, and she stifled a yelp as a cut materialized on her hand, blood pooling from her hand onto the doorknob itself. The doorknob glowed an eerie red for a long moment, and the door swung silently open. Hermione stared into the darkened room for a long moment, uneasy, before whispering, "Episkey" to staunch the bleeding of her palm. She was glad she'd gotten permission from Quirrell before trying this. She imagined that curse would have been none too pleasant otherwise. Not that she would have dared. This room, too, was dark, but there were two trunks that stood in the middle of the room. Hermione moved to examine them. They looked identical, save one had sealed letter on it, embossed with a wax seal of a skull and a snake. Shivering, Hermione turned it over in her hands. Miss Hermione Granger She figured she shouldn't have been surprised, but somehow, she still was. The letter seemed to leap in her hands as she opened it, giving her a paper cut, and she swore as she stuck her finger in her mouth. The letter unfolded before her a moment later, and Hermione belatedly realized that this, too, was a blood-specific seal. She hadn't realized her blood from the ward stone could be tied to so many things. Shifting in front of the window, Hermione read the letter by the eerie moonlight filtering through the trees. Dear Hermione Granger, If you have this letter, then something has gone wrong. It was a risk, as you yourself said, but one I was willing to take. While I am undoubtedly livid at this setback, whatever happened to me was through no fault of your own. Know that I do not hold you responsible. Your Defense Professor, however, is most likely dead. Do not mourn him; he was largely useless and is the most likely cause for why I have failed. You did not like him, anyway. Before you stand two chests. The one on the left is a decoy; it contains teaching materials, turbans, clothes, and other irrelevant details of a life not worth keeping. Leave it; the teachers will find it and presume Quirrell had packed and intended to flee in the night after our success. There are some Dark protections on it to make this chest seem genuine; do not try to open it. The chest on the right is my own. I suspect that you, by now, have long suspected that Quirrell was not just himself. You are a bright girl, and I do not doubt you knew exactly whom you were dealing with when you offered to board my books. Your ambition will serve you well, and it has in this case; here are my books. Guard them with your life. Alas, this is an incomplete collection, and only what I could gather again whilst I had Quirrell at my command. Some I was able to find from an old home of mine, but my most valuable tomes remain safely hidden. Still, this is probably best – even a very clever first year could get into trouble by delving too deep into the Dark, too fast. Keep these for me. Do not show anyone. The trunk is keyed to your blood. Books you ought to beware of have been wrapped shut with belts or ribbons; I would advise you to avoid these tomes for now. Hopefully, I will be able to return soon and see you again. At such a time, if you are still such a willing student, I would be happy to guide you in learning what these books have to offer. Many pleasant returns. There was a heavy silence as Hermione stared at the parchment in front of her, unmoving, only broken by the soft hoot of an owl out the window, which finally brought Hermione back to life. Almost robotically, Hermione brought her wand up, and with a whispered, "Incendio," all evidence of the note was gone. Slowly, ever so slowly, Hermione moved for the trunk on the right. When she touched the chest and nothing happened, she relaxed somewhat, before carefully standing it on end, fiddling with the invisibility cloak. It was a challenge, to wrap it around the trunk as well as herself, and in the end, she couldn't quite do it. She had to settle for wrapping the cloak around the trunk, with the possibility of using the cloak around herself and hugging herself around the chest against the wall if she heard anyone approaching. Better she get caught alone than with the trunk. If she were caught with this… She couldn't even imagine the punishment she would face. Hermione imagined possible outcomes as she carefully aimed her wand at the trunk, and with a Wingardium Leviosa, guided it down to the dungeons, moving slowly to stay quiet, keeping carefully aware of how much power she was expending through the levitation spell. She imagined she'd be immediately expelled, for one, for stealing a professor's things, if nothing else. If they realized she'd been chosen, that she'd arranged this beforehand and hadn't told anyone… Well, she'd read about Azkaban. She didn't think the wizards had an equivalent facility for the incarceration of minors, but the wizarding world didn't seem too keen on treating children like children, so she'd be surprised to learn juvenile detention was a thing. It was very, very, very carefully that Hermione managed to finally ease into the dungeons and push the chest underneath her bed, hiding it underneath her clothes. She was sweating and out of breath with wild eyes, her power reserves exhausted, but as the chest vanished beneath her winter robes, tension slowly bled from her body, and she allowed herself to take a shaky breath. She collapsed into her bed, hesitating only to set her alarm for the usual time. No one could know she had been out late. And nighttime exploits or not, she was expected to get up and look nice for Ron to yell at her the next day.
It was a really odd feeling, Hermione reflected that morning, to get up and decide what clothes you wanted to cry in. The more Hermione thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt. It was the end of the school year, and the Slytherins had subtly undermined Ron at every available opportunity. They'd largely succeeded – his housemates, by and large, were not fans of him. She still felt somehow compelled, though – perhaps because not everyone disliked Ron, only members of his house? She wanted to back out. Desperately. But at this point, she couldn't not let Ron yell at her until she was in tears. The idea of not doing it seemed foreign… it seemed wrong. Like something was pushing her on. At least this would be the end of it, Hermione decided. Having Ron yell at her until she cried was the last thing they'd all agreed on as part of their 'Downfall to Weasley' plot. Maybe after this, it could all end. Though Ron would still be a troll. It wasn't as if he'd ever learned a lesson from anything that had happened to him. She sighed, pulling on one of her nicer green robes, pinning her Slytherin crest to her chest. It was a lot harder to show House Pride when it was so hot out – she couldn't bear the thought of wearing a scarf in this weather. After giving herself a long once-over, fixing her hair a bit, Hermione sighed and left, joining her friends, who were happily babbling about the Quidditch match. "I can't believe they're going to play without Potter!" Flint was laughing. "This is going to be a slaughter!" "It's not as if they have any other option," an older girl pointed out. "Classes are all over, and we all leave in a couple days. There's no time left to postpone the match." "Brilliant!" Flint roared. He looked up abruptly, as if just seeing Hermione, and gave her a devious smile. It was quite frightening, actually; her parents would have had fits at the state of his teeth. "And we have you to thank for it!" he said, and Hermione was abruptly grabbed, Flint rubbing her head hard with his knuckles, getting his hand tangled in her hair. "You and Professor Quirrell!" "I hardly think I had anything to do with Harry getting injured!" Hermione objected, fighting to get away from Flint. Several others were laughing, watching. "He seems quite able to do that all on his own!" Flint laughed and let go of her, and Hermione stumbled away in a huff. Flint was looking at her fondly, though, like a little sister, and Adrian Pucey and another boy were laughing with him, but they were grinning at her. Hermione gave a tentative smile back but veered away from them, joining with Tracey and Blaise as they went down to the pitch, but when she glanced over at them, Pucey shot her a mischievous smile, one that she cautiously returned. Maybe they really were just grateful that Harry couldn't play. He was a Quidditch prodigy. With him playing, Hufflepuff wouldn't have stood much of a chance. The match itself was tense. It was awkward to watch a match knowing someone was going to yell at you afterward, and Hermione found it hard to enjoy herself, but she tried her best. At least the Quidditch match wasn't quite as much of a slaughter as Hermione had feared it'd be; the rest of the Gryffindor team was playing as fiercely as possible, the Chasers aggressive beyond measure, and the Beaters doing their absolute best to obstruct Hufflepuff's Seeker. Hermione decided that this was better – it was giving the Slytherin boys more time to hassle Ron. Hermione could see them from across the stands behind Ron. Who knew what remarks Draco and Blaise and Theo were making? Were Crabbe and Goyle getting involved? Whatever they were saying, it was working; Ron was clearly getting angrier and angrier – his face changed colors when he was mad. The Hufflepuff Seeker, however, managed to catch the Snitch, giving Hufflepuff the win at 210-60. This meant they won the Quidditch cup, and Hermione was surprised to see there was an actual cup Hufflepuff won, like a Muggle sports trophy. Everyone was cheering, and Hermione amicably clapped along with them. Even though she didn't care who won, she was happy for Hufflepuff. Better them than Gryffindor, she smiled to herself. Even with as many friends as she had in Gryffindor, it was hard not to internalize the rivalry between Gryffindor and Slytherin in some way, shape, or form. Hermione felt a gentle nudge on her back, and she turned. "It's time," Daphne murmured. "Are you ready?" Hermione took a deep breath. As everyone began to leave, Hermione angled her path leaving the stands carefully, arriving just in front of the teacher's box as Neville and Ron arrived. She arrived just as planned, glancing around to confirm at least one teacher was around, before turning to the Gryffindors. "Hi Ron, Neville! Wow, what a game!" Hermione had practiced her excitement in the mirror that morning, and she was sure her eyes were alight. Neville looked surprised to see her, while Ron was glaring at the world. "Hi, Hermione," Neville said back, offering a half smile. Ron just glared. "It's a shame Harry wasn't able to play," Hermione said, "but wasn't it exciting? The Chasers seemed determined to cover for the lack of a seeker!" Ron glared at her, as if she'd personally insulted him. Hermione fought the urge to flinch. "It was quite intense," Neville agreed, as they fell into step with her. "I'm glad Gryffindor managed to put up a show." "I couldn't quite keep track of what all was going on, of course," Hermione prattled on, "But the Gryffindors did seem to be trying very hard. Such a disappointment you lost. But it looked very-" "What do you even care about sports?" Ron said abruptly, interrupting. Hermione's eyes widened. "I-" "You don't," Ron sneered. "You don't know anything about Quidditch, Hermione. You just think it's all fun and games, don't you?" Even though she knew that Draco and his friends had been winding Ron up all during the game, his sudden venom still caught her off guard. "I- Ron, it is just a game," Hermione said slowly. "That's what Quidditch is." "It is not!" Ron yelled, and Hermione was startled to see him look so angry so fast. "It is not just a game!" "Ron?" Neville looked alarmed. "Ron, what…?" Hermione bit her lip. "Ron, I-" "No, Hermione, you don't get it. You don't get anything! You don't get how important this game was to Gryffindor, and you don't get that this isn't a time where it's okay to be happy!" "But Ron- I'm not in Gryffindor-" "Right," Ron cut her off, sneering. "You're a stinking Slytherin. You're probably happy Gryffindor lost." "What are you even talking about, Ron?" "I'm talking about how you're over here, chatting with us like nothing's wrong!" Ron seemed to have lost it, and Hermione could see out of the corner of her eye the professors coming down the stairs and looking over at the commotion. "You pretend like you're our friend, and like you're one of us, but you're not! You're a scummy Slytherin, and you'll betray us in the end! You're probably happy Harry was in the Hospital Wing! You're not actually our friend! You don't belong with us! You don't even – you don't even belong here!" Hermione recoiled. "I- what-" "Even scummy Slytherins can follow Quidditch, but you don't even care that much," Ron snarled. "You don't even belong at Hogwarts! Hermione, just- just GO AWAY!" The hatred on Ron's face was hot and raw, and the venom in his eyes as he glared at her was real. "I- Ron-" It was as she'd feared; Hermione didn't have to fake anything at all – she publicly dissolved into tear, with everyone able to see. There was a rush of noise around her, but Hermione couldn't tell what was going on – her eyes were watery, and she was crying, rubbing her eyes and hiding her face in her hands. There was a loud explosion of noise around her, a sharp "Mr. Weasley!" from Professor McGonagall, and then a lot of yelling. Hermione ignored it, burying her face in her hands, her body shaking. She didn't belong. She wasn't a real friend. She didn't have to pretend to cry – she was really crying, her body wracked by sobs. As cruel as his words had been, Ron had been right, Hermione thought. She was- "It's okay, Hermione," a gentle voice interrupted her thoughts, and Hermione was surprised to realize it was Neville. "He didn't mean it." "Yes, he did," Hermione objected, hiccoughing. "He hates me, just because I'm Slytherin." "Well, I don't hate you, and Harry doesn't hate you," Neville said, awkwardly patting her back. "And- well, we're better friends with you than we are with Ron, anyway." Hermione's mind screeched to a halt. …What? Hermione looked up at Neville through her tears. "…Really?" "Really," Neville said, nodding. "You're nice to us, you helped us learn how to do homework, and you were there when we needed you. We wouldn't have survived that corridor without you, you know. Ron's…" Neville trailed off, uncertain. "…Ron's just jealous of you, maybe. That we like you better, even though you're in Slytherin." They liked her better? Her tears slowing now that Ron was no longer yelling at her, Hermione could see more clearly. Ron had been dragged off to the side, and to her surprise, so had a couple other Gryffindor boys and a few Slytherins. Both Professor McGonagall and Professor Snape were standing there, towering over them. Professor McGonagall looked like she was scolding them all, furious, and Professor Snape's arms were folded ominously, as if he was just waiting his turn. All the students filing past were glancing at Hermione as she cried, and then looking at Ron, who was being yelled at by the professors, as they went back to the castle. Most of them were shooting Ron disgusted looks – even if they didn't know who he was, they could tell he'd made a first-year girl cry. Mission accomplished, Hermione thought to herself, sniffling. Right? Neville stiffened next to her, and hurriedly told her he had to go and rapidly scurried off. A moment later, the reason became clear – Professor Snape was approaching. Hermione looked up at him, and he looked down at her for a long moment, before producing a black handkerchief from his cloak and wordlessly handing it to her. Hermione took it, wiped her nose, and blew. "You may have just lost us the House Cup," Snape remarked, his voice neutral. Hermione looked up rapidly. "What? How-?" "You seem to inspire loyalty," Snape drawled. He gestured toward Ron, where Professor McGonagall was still dressing down a group of boys. "Some of your fellow Slytherins overheard Mister Weasley's remarks to you. They took exception to him saying such things about you." Hermione wiped her eyes and peered over. To her surprise, Marcus Flint was there, along with Adrian Pucey and another boy she thought might be named Graham. They were glaring at Ron and two other Gryffindor boys who were with him – Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnegan, Hermione recognized from her classes. The Gryffindor boys were glaring back defiantly, but the Slytherins… they looked murderous. And Seamus Finnegan very definitely looked like he had a broken nose. "Professor McGonagall is taking points from everyone involved," Snape said. "Including your valiant defenders." Hermione sniffed. "I'm sorry, sir." For some reason, the thought of losing the House Cup now, on top of everything else, sent her dissolving into tears again, and Hermione blew her nose loudly into the handkerchief, trying her best not to cry. Snape looked very uncomfortable. He patted her back twice, then shot a dark look over at the group who had fought. "Mr. Weasley is a fool," Snape said darkly. "You belong here more than he does, Miss Granger. Your aptitude for magic is second to none. And you are the top student of your year." He looked down at her, his tone softening. "Do not let his words touch you, Miss Granger. You are worth far more now than he will ever be worth." Hermione nodded, wiping her eyes with a clean corner. "…T-thank you, sir." She offered him the handkerchief, but Snape declined. "Drop it in with the laundry; the castle will see it returned to me," he told her. He looked at here, somewhat sharply. "You are well?" It was more a command than an inquiry, but Hermione nodded all the same. Snape nodded back at her before striding off toward the castle, following the trickle of others back in. "…well, it worked." Hermione turned to see Daphne, Draco, Theo, and Blaise, all of whom had hung back, waiting. They moved forward now, encircling her. Daphne patted her back gently, but Blaise shamelessly wrapped her in a tight hug for a long moment, earning a glare from Draco, before he let her go. "It worked?" Hermione repeated, looking at Daphne. "It definitely did," Theo said. "McGonagall docked him twenty points for fighting, and another twenty points for 'unbecoming conduct'. Everyone heard her do it as they walked by." "More than that," Draco said, his eyes glinting, "Snape assigned him detention." Hermione paused. "…Detention? The year is over." "Detention," Draco repeated, smirking, "…during the Leaving Feast." They all gasped, and Blaise and Draco started snickering. "I've never ever heard of that," Theo said, his own smirk spreading across his face. "How does that work?" "He's got it with Filch," Draco said, as they all started ambling across the grass, the last ones to head back toward the castle. "Merlin only knows what gross thing Filch will have him doing – hopefully cleaning the toilets without a wand…" "Are you okay?" Daphne asked her quietly, and Hermione was struck by the concern in her voice. When had things changed so much that Daphne cared about her welfare? "Weasley said some pretty harsh things…" "A lot of what he said was true, actually," Hermione said, sighing. "I am Slytherin. I was happy Gryffindor lost. And I did betray them, for this plan." "You did no such thing," Draco said abruptly, turning. Hermione and Daphne both looked up at the sudden interruption – Hermione hadn't realized anyone else was listening. "You did no such thing," Draco said again, fiercely. His eyes flashed. "Hermione, Weasley betrayed you, first. Any friendship you once had, he threw away and repeatedly stomped on. And you've not betrayed Longbottom or Potter – you risked your life, going with them to save them on their stupid quest." Hermione nodded. "I- yes, but-" "You only ever associate with Weasley if Potter and Longbottom are around, correct?" he continued. "They are your friends, Hermione. Weasley is not. He has not earned your friendship – and he has treated you poorly enough for us to mark him as your foe." The others murmured their agreement as they entered the castle, leaving Hermione to quietly reflect on Draco's words.
The leaving feast, Hermione reflected, had an unusual atmosphere about it. Part of it felt incredibly tense, while part of it felt joyous and celebratory. The cause of the tense feeling was obvious. Despite all she'd done to help Slytherin towards the House Cup, somehow, Slytherin and Ravenclaw were tied. No one seemed to know what to do about this – no one had realized until they'd walked into the Great Hall and seen both banners hanging, both houses' colors hanging on the walls, clashing with each other. Jade was furious. "This is all because of Malfoy's stupid nighttime excursions, the constant fighting in the halls, and Flint's abrupt fight club out there," she hissed, glaring at Flint. "I can't believe you picked a fight right in front of the teachers." Marcus Flint just grinned at her, his jaw still purpleing and bruised, and flipped her the bird. "Wasn't my fault," he said. "Blame the Weasley snot. I'd do it again." He shot Hermione a grin, and Hermione rolled her eyes. The others, however, seemed more okay with this odd tie. The Ravenclaw house was exchanging teasing remarks with the Slytherins, which Hermione hadn't expected. The two House tables were next to each other, but it was funny to see the older students teasing each other. Hermione was surprised to see that Ravenclaw seemed fine with the tie; she wondered if it was because Ravenclaw, in the end, didn't really care who won the House Cup. Unless it directly impacted their studies, Ravenclaws didn't seem to be fazed by much. There was a sudden hush in the room, and then everybody started talking loudly. Hermione realized that Harry had entered the room, finally out of the Hospital wing, and a lot of people were standing up and trying to get a look at him. Hermione winced – that had to be awkward for him. Hermione went over to the Gryffindor table, offering him a smile, which Harry gratefully returned. She picked up a roll, while Harry settled himself in. "How bad is it?" Harry asked wryly, looking to Neville and Hermione. "Has the rumor mill gotten it right? Am I going to be accused of murdering our teacher flat-out?" He gave them a half-hearted smile, trying for humor, but Hermione could hear the real worry behind his tone. "They've got it mostly right," Hermione said, considering. "The main points are all there – Quirrell was host to Lord Voldemort, went after Dumbledore's treasure in an attempt to return himself to life, and you risked your life and stopped him yourself. Everyone knows Quirrell's dead, and I think most people know that Lord Voldemort escaped as a shade, too." The unusual accuracy of the rumor mill was largely due to Hermione's public factual recounting of the adventure in the Slytherin common room. The Slytherins would have hid their source, but they would have spread the story to their friends in other houses, who in turn would have passed it on. "People aren't talking about that as much, now," Neville said darkly. "Everyone's talking about Ron." Hermione winced, and Harry looked puzzled. "Ron?" Harry asked. He looked around, craning his head. "Where is Ron?" "He's not here," Hermione said quickly. "He, um, got detention, so he's cleaning out the classrooms with Filch…" "Detention?" Harry said incredulously. "For the leaving feast?" "What Hermione isn't saying," Neville said, giving Hermione a pointed look, "is Ron got detention for screaming at her after the Quidditch game." "What?" Hermione winced, but Neville went into it, recounting everything Ron had said, every name he'd called her and every insult he'd thrown her way. Neville's voice got heated and vehement as he continued, his eyes hard. "-and then he accused her of being a fake friend who would betray us, putting you in the Hospital wing on purpose, and said she didn't belong at Hogwarts and she might as well leave!" Hermione's chest was tight. She was looking at the table, gradually shredding the roll in her hands into little tiny pieces as she blinked rapidly. She wasn't sure why – it wasn't like she was going to be able to eat any of the wisps of bread she pulled free. It was just… hearing everything Ron said again… but this time, her Slytherin friends across the room… "Hermione." Harry's voice was commanding, and Hermione instinctively jerked her head up, her gaze meeting Harry's. His green eyes were hard, alight, and he looked angry. Hermione had to fight the urge to flinch backwards. "Hermione, you and Neville are my best friends," he said fiercely. "Ron is a friend too, but he might not even be that anymore – not after saying that sort of thing to you. That is not okay." Hermione bit her lip hard, trying to hold back any sort of emotional outburst. She felt like she wanted to burst into tears. Harry, perceptive as he was, saw through it immediately. "Come here," he said, and Hermione flew around the table to give him a proper hug, which Harry returned. They both lingered, longer than a usual hug, but Hermione needed the reassurance – both the physical reassurance that Harry was okay, that he was out of the Hospital Wing, as well as the emotional reassurance that he was her friend, that he still liked her, that he wasn't going to throw her away. Harry didn't seem to mind; he tried to pat and stroke her back, but ended up kind of drumming on her ribs, and Hermione was laughing when she pulled back. Harry looked embarrassed but happy. "I don't have much experience comforting upset girls," he told her, and Hermione laughed. "Well, I'm glad you made the effort to try," she replied, and Harry shot her a grin. There was a sudden hush in the hall, before murmurs broke out, and Hermione looked up, seeing that Dumbledore had just arrived. "I better go!" she whispered, and she darted across the hall to retake her seat amongst the Slytherins. "Potter okay?" Draco drawled, raising a judgmental eyebrow. Hermione ignored his tone. "Yes. He's furious about what Weasley did on the Quidditch pitch," she remarked, her tone casual. "Might not even be his friend after today." Draco's face broke into a satisfied smirk, and Hermione ignored him to settle her robes around her and turn to face the head table with the others, where Dumbledore had clapped his hands loudly to get everyone's attention. "Another year gone!" Dumbledore said cheerfully. "And I must trouble you with an old man's wheezing waffle before we finish this feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were… you have the whole summer ahead to get them nice and empty before next year starts…" Hermione made a face, and she rolled her eyes at Theo, who rolled his eyes back at her. What was the point of learning everything if you just forgot it all? "Now, as I understand it, the House Cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus: In fourth place, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third place, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; and Ravenclaw and Slytherin both tied in the lead, at four hundred sixty-two." There was a murmur as everyone looked around. A tie had never been heard of. "Yes, yes, well done everyone," said Dumbledore. "However, recent events must be taken into account." The room went very still. Hermione blinked. The term was over – what was left to award points for? "Ahem," said Dumbledore. "I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes…" "First – to Mr. Neville Longbottom…" There was a loud gasp, and Neville, trembling, stood up at the Gryffindor table. There was a murmur through the crowd. "…for staying to help his friends out of a tangled situation, I award Gryffindor House fifty points." The Gryffindors started cheering. Fifty points! Such numbers were rarely heard of – Hermione had only managed it once early in the term by breaking Dumbledore's Transfiguration record. And Neville had earned fifty in one go! And tangled situation – that could only refer to Neville's aptitude with the Devil's Snare. At last there was silence again. "Second – to Mr. Ronald Weasley… for the best-played game of chess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor house fifty points." The Gryffindors were losing themselves, bouncing in their seats – they were suddenly a hundred points up. Hermione felt an abrupt sinking sensation in her stomach as she realized what was about to happen. Hermione craned her neck, trying to catch Snape's eye, but he was too busy glaring at McGonagall. "Third – to Mr. Harry Potter…" The room went deadly quiet, and Hermione felt a hot anger spark inside of her. If Dumbledore was going to do this nonsense, he should do it right. "…for pure nerve and outstanding courage…" Hermione swore, reached inside of her, and whispered, "Ventus." "…I award Gryffindor House sixty points." The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling now knew that Gryffindor was in the lead – exactly ten points over Ravenclaw and Slytherin. The Ravenclaws, who certainly could add, looked insulted that Gryffindor was about to win over them, while the Slytherins looked mutinous. Hermione twitched her wand, and the gust of wind circled Snape's head, mussing his hair. Snape's head turned rapidly, looking for the culprit, and she kept the spell up until his eyes landed on hers. She pointed to herself, gesturing frantically, and Snape's eyes widened. "And if my addition serves me right—" Dumbledore said loudly, over the cheers. The Gryffindors, however, refused to quiet down, and Hermione watched as Snape quietly moved to behind Dumbledore, whispering something in his ear, and Dumbledore stopped, as if frozen in place. Very slowly, Dumbledore turned his blue eyes to her. Hermione was not sure that Dumbledore had ever really seen her before, but he was looking at her now. He was looking at her with the look of someone who had almost solved a puzzle, all save one last piece that refused to just quite fit in. He kept glancing from Harry to her, from her to Harry, up to the banners hanging over each house. His blue eyes were piercing, almost accusing, and Hermione felt a rush of comprehension. Dumbledore didn't know she was in Slytherin. It was an abrupt realization. But as soon as she thought it, she had rationalized it. Of course he wouldn't know she was in Slytherin – why would he? She was one of any number of Slytherins, and he couldn't keep track of all the students in his school. She'd never gotten in trouble, so she'd never been sent to his office (if Hogwarts even worked like that), and she was only a lowly first year. She doubted the Headmaster even knew who she was. Still… Her mind flickered back over the past year. Although she'd studied with the Ravenclaws, in public, she was often alongside Harry, Ron, and Neville, sometimes even in the Gryffindor common room with them. If the Headmaster had only been paying attention to Harry… had he just assumed her to be some sort of sidekick to Harry's hero? Dumbledore was looking back at Snape with a sharp look, and Snape was giving Dumbledore an oily smile in return. Hermione's heart had stopped beating. Had Dumbledore trapped himself into doing what Hermione thought he was about to do? Dumbledore held up a hand, and the hall fell quiet once more. "It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies," Dumbledore said, smiling. But Hermione could see through it now - his smile was just a bit pinched, the sparkle in his eyes gone. "But it can be even harder to keep a calm head. For the use of cool logic in the face of fire… I award fifty points to Miss Hermione Granger." The change was dramatic. The yells and moans of loud objections of the Gryffindors were drowned out by the cheers and screams of triumph of the Slytherins. Gone was the carefully-cultivated pureblood sense of decorum – students were banging on the table with their goblets and stamping their feet. Hermione had a moment to see that the Ravenclaws were cheering too, many of them grinning at Hermione specifically, before she was nearly tackled by Jade, who had thrown her arms around her. "We won-!" "Which means," Dumbledore called over the din, "we need a change of decoration." He clapped his hands, and in an instant the Ravenclaw hangings vanished, and huge Slytherin serpents now decorated the room, the hall clad in silver and green. Professor McGonagall was glaring at Snape, who was giving her an oily smile, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh. "I was determined to have Slytherin win the House Cup all seven years of my education here," Jade told Hermione seriously, hugging her again. "And we almost lost it! You saved us-! You saved our legacy!" Hermione thought that Jade was going a bit overboard, but her classmates were still cheering and whistling, and even Theo was grinning – Theo, who rarely grinned. Draco was banging his cup, and Blaise was whistling, and all the girls were still yelling and hugging each other in celebration. Still, though… The look Dumbledore had given her, like he'd suddenly seen her, gave Hermione an uneasy feeling the rest of the feast.
A/N: I wanted to thank you all for you reading. Thank you for reading this year. Thank you for reading, thank you for your reviews, thank you for your comments. I read each and every one (and respond to those where people ask direct outright questions), and it makes me happy to know that so many people are enjoying the story. They say "write the story you want to read," and I'm glad that so many other people want to read mine. :) Exam results arrived the next morning, envelopes magically appearing on their nightstands during the night, and Hermione was flush with pleasure to see how spectacularly she'd done. Not only had she gotten a perfect or better in each subject, but in many of them, she'd managed extra credit as well, and best of all, their exam sheets were ranked, and she was at the top of the class. Not that that was saying much when your class only had around fifty students, but still. She'd beaten out all the Ravenclaws – Terry Boot was bound to have something to say to her about that. At breakfast, the Slytherins were carefully discussing their results without making any reference to how well they'd actually done, feeling each other out, waiting to see who would crack first and directly state how well they did. Hermione rolled her eyes and ignored their discussion to look over at the Gryffindors. Harry looked okay, and Neville had a look of surprised pleasure on his face, which made Hermione smile. She smirked at Ron's visibly red face as the twins teased him. He probably hadn't done as well as he'd thought he'd do. Wanting to actually discuss exam grades, Hermione got up while people were looking over at Draco and slipped over to the Ravenclaw table, where Terry Boot was loudly proclaiming the bias of the Transfiguration exam. "How pretty something is is entirely subjective," he was complaining. "I shouldn't get points off simply because McGonagall didn't appreciate my sense of style." "She didn't," Hermione said, sliding in next to Mandy Brocklehurst. "She gave extra credit for style. She didn't deduct if it wasn't stylish." Anthony shot her a grin. "'Morning, Hermione." Hermione gave him a smile, while Terry frowned over his results, muttering. "Then where did I get a point off…?" "Did your lid come off?" Mandy suggested. "Mine almost didn't." "Yes, yes, the box was all fine…" Terry said, frowning. "I swear, it must have been from the style." "What style did you choose?" Hermione asked. Terry drew himself up. "It was a very modern and stark design," he told her, his voice haughty, "to mimic the disaster snuff can cause to one's health. It was a very cold metal, with creepy shadows etched into the lid, and bars coming down the sides to mimic a jail cell-" "Bars?" Hermione repeated. "Like, little cutouts?" "Yes," Terry said, nodding. "And then, there were-" "That's your problem there, mate," Anthony said, shooting Hermione a conspiring look. "If you had cutouts, the snuff would have blown out of the box." Terry gave Anthony a dark look. "It was a style. It was artistic license." "Professor McGonagall took points off for my lid not coming off," Mandy said, frowning. "She definitely would have deducted points for the box being impractical or unusable. That's got to be where you lost it." "Still," Terry said, folding his arms and pouting. "To slip so far down from one point lost!" "Oh, shut up," Mandy said, exasperated. "You'd think you'd lost an aunt, you're so upset. We're all still in the top ten of the class – we're all fine." "Where are you all?" Hermione asked. Terry sighed and slumped down onto the table, while Anthony rolled his eyes. "I'm in fifth," Anthony said, shrugging. "Terry got fourth. Mandy ranked seventh. Michael's not even come down for breakfast yet, he's still hiding his face – he only got ninth." Hermione goggled at them for a moment. "…none of you got the top three?" she said. Terry glared at her. "You don't have to rub it in." But Hermione was already on her feet, looking around the Great Hall, scanning. In Gryffindor… no, she knew the first year Gryffindors, and there was no way they'd gotten into the top ten. In Hufflepuff… Ernie Macmillan was good at written, but pants at the practical aspects of magic, and he couldn't have beaten Terry and Anthony… Her eyes fell on the Slytherin table, and she started to smile. "We got them," she said quietly. "We got all three." "What?" Terry growled. "Slytherins beat out Ravenclaw for the top three?" "I-" Terry was already storming over to the first years at the Slytherin table. Hermione hurried after him, and Anthony look like he was trying to stifle his laughter, but he quickly followed. "You snakes beat us out for the top three spots?" Terry demanded, glaring at everyone. "How?" Hermione's housemates all slowly turned to give Terry a look, and it was almost as if they'd practiced – it was the same slightly sneering, dismissive look on all their faces. Hermione took the opportunity to slide back into her seat at the Slytherin table, next to Tracey, not bothering to hide her grin. Tracey smirked back at her. "We're the house of ambition," Draco sneered at Terry. "Does it surprise you that great things come from us?" "Who ranked what?" Terry demanded. "Who beat me?" Theo raised an eyebrow. "We're not so crass as to discuss numbers-" "Oh, shut up, Nott," Blaise interrupted. He looked at Theo with a grin. "I got sixth. You'll have to find your culprit elsewhere." Draco groaned. "Blaise, you do not just share your exam results with the Ravenclaws…" "I got third," Theo said suddenly. He gave Terry an evaluating look. "I figured one of you eagles took second. You're saying all the top three are in Slytherin?" Draco squirmed, though he was trying to hide it. Hermione blinked, tilting her head. Something wasn't adding up. "One of you had to," Terry said, scowling. "You snakes-" "Ravenclaw had fourth, fifth, seventh, and ninth in the class," Anthony interrupted, giving Terry a warning look. "There's no one at Gryffindor or Hufflepuff to provide a challenge, so…" "So who got second?" Terry demanded, glaring across the table. A handful of the Slytherins were squirming slightly, before finally, Draco, with an exasperated, put-upon sigh, raised his hand. Theo gasped. "I got second," Draco said, haughty superiority in his tone. But he couldn't fool Hermione – she'd shared classes and a common room with him for a year. Draco was upset, she could tell, but he was hiding it well. Theo, however, completely decomposed. "You got second?" he demanded of Draco. "If you got second, who got first?" "Hermione," Anthony said simply. The Slytherins all swiveled to look at her, their eyes wide, accusing. Hermione did her best to ignore them, instead looking up at Anthony. "How did you know?" she asked. "You didn't even ask." Anthony gave her a teasing grin, his eyes sparkling. "I didn't need to. Was there ever a chance it would be somebody else?" Hermione felt her own lips tug into a smile in response, and Anthony's grin widened. "Granger?" A familiar voice screeched, and with a sigh, Hermione turned to look at Pansy. "Yes…?" Hermione said, her voice sounding very put-upon. Pansy ignored her. "We're supposed to believe Granger got the top spot?" Pansy said sharply. "Granger did? She couldn't have – she's a Mud-" Draco elbowed Pansy sharply, and Pansy yelped. "-I mean, she's Muggle-born-" "Oh, right," Anthony said, sniffing dismissively. "You lot all think that still matters." "Is that it?" Terry demanded, and his voice was hard. "You all didn't think Hermione could come in top because she's got Muggles for parents?" Hermione could see their faces as well as Terry could, a cold feeling growing in her chest- "No," Draco said emphatically, cutting Terry off. He glared at him. "That's got nothing to do with it at all." "Oh? That what does it have to-" "Draco's been going on all year about his plans to be in the top of the class," Theo said. He glanced at Draco, who flushed slightly. Theo looked back to Terry. "I'm surprised that Hermione beat him. I expected her to be in the top ten, but I didn't realize she was that good." Theo gave her a wry smile, apologetic, and Hermione found herself surprisedly offering him a small smile back. "I was surprised." Hermione looked to see Pansy standing, folding her arms and glaring from Hermione to the Ravenclaws. Blaise groaned. "Pans, it's not like you would have stood a chance at the top anyway. Sit down before you embarrass yourself…" "I am," Pansy sneered. "What with her heritage… and her blood…" "Like you're one to talk about blood," Millie murmured, and Pansy's face flushed an unattractive mottled color. "You're a fool," Terry pronounced disgustedly. "And Hermione's New Blood, anyway – did you really think any of you stood a chance?" Terry offered Hermione a small smile in recognition, which Hermione returned. "Or so she claims," snarled Pansy, and Terry whirled around on her. "Have you ever actually seen her cast magic?" His voice was sharp, and Hermione felt touched, that her Ravenclaw friends would come to her defense like this. "It's incredible. She can analyze and dissect spells without a thought. Magic speaks to her. You can't fake that." Pansy glared at them all, and with a huff, stormed off towards the Slytherin dungeons. The table fell quiet as they watched her go. Anthony laid a hand on Hermione's shoulder. "Do you want to come finish eating with us?" he asked quietly. Hermione considered, but she wasn't going to let Pansy's remarks get to her – not now, on the day of her triumph. "Thank you, but I'm fine here," she said. "I just came over to see how you'd all done." Anthony nodded at her, understanding, before squeezing her shoulder as he turned and left. Terry gave them all a disgusted look before turning away and leaving too. Very aware of her classmates' eyes on her, Hermione, very composedly, served herself some eggs. There was a small silence as they all returned to their plates. "So," Theo said, breaking the silence. "First. Top of the year." "Yes," Hermione said. "That's quite the accomplishment, Granger," he said, his eyes glittering. "Yes, it is," Hermione said. She tilted her chin up slightly, looking down her nose at him. "I'm aware." "Your parents are going to be so proud of you," he said, a grin on his face, "taking first in the year." Hermione blinked. Her parents…? Was that a slight? But Theo's tone didn't seem cruel. "They are going to be so proud of you," Theo continued on, his grin getting wider. "In fact, they might even offer to buy you-" "Shut up, Nott," Draco snapped, shoving him hard. Theo went crashing into Daphne and toppling off the bench. Theo hauled himself back up, laughing, and there were two spots of color high on Draco's cheeks as Draco turned to Hermione. He shifted over on the bench across the table, until he was sitting directly in front of Hermione, and he leaned forward to talk to her. "My parents have let me know I'm expected to get first in my year every year since I was old enough to know about Hogwarts," Draco told her, careful to keep his tone quiet. His tone was almost apologetic. "I was shocked to see I'd come in second. I'd studied so hard, and even gotten extra credit in a couple classes – and someone had gotten even more than me?" "So it wasn't the fact that it was me that beat you?" Hermione clarified. "It was just the fact that you were beaten at all?" Draco grimaced, but he followed it with a ghost of a smile. "I was just too blinded by my pride to get over the fact I was in second," he admitted. "If I'd bothered to think about it at all, I would have known in a moment – of course it'd be you." "Of course?" Hermione's tone was almost playful. "Not Theo? Not Terry? They didn't stand a chance, in your mind?" Draco rolled his eyes, but the ghost of a smile touched his lips again. "Of course it'd be you," he said again, more quietly. He looked back up to her. And his silver eyes held hers captive. "It's always you." Hermione felt something catch in her throat as she looked back at Draco, no one saying a word, just a quiet, trapped silence between them amidst the din of the breakfast hall. "Well, I got eighth!" The moment was abruptly broken by Tracey glomming onto Hermione with an excited squeal. Hermione turned to her, surprise, and Tracey's eyes were sparkling with excitement. "I got eighth!" she said, her excitement was undeniable. "Hermione, I've never been good at school work, and I got eighth in the class!" Hermione suppressed her first reaction – if she had ever gotten eighth, she'd have been appalled – and gave her a soft grin. "That's great, Tracey," she told her. "Will your parents be proud?" "They won't be able to believe it," Tracey answered, giggling slightly. "Me, doing well in school! And it's all because of you!" Tracey gave Hermione a hug, right there on the bench, and to Hermione's surprise. She hugged her back, a soft smile coming onto her face. "I'm sure I played less of a role than you think," Hermione said. "You studied hard." "Oh, bollocks," Tracey said, rolling her eyes, and Hermione's eyes widened at her language. "It was your little secret study group, and you know it. Blaise got sixth, I got eighth, and Millie even managed tenth. Millie!" "That's rude," Hermione said sharply, at Tracey's tone, but Tracey rolled her eyes. "You know Millie has trouble studying," Tracey said. "She's never been good at book learning – she's always just planned on breeding kneazles after Hogwarts. She was surprised by it, too." "Was she surprised that I came in first, too?" Hermione said. Her voice sounded odd – it'd suddenly gone very quiet, not unlike Snape's when he was mad. "Don't be ridiculous." Tracey gave Hermione a look, and Hermione's heart warmed a little bit. "Anyone who's studied with you wouldn't doubt you coming in first for a moment," she said loudly. "You're brilliant, Hermione." Hermione flushed and turned away from Tracey, only to catch Blaise giving her a wink, which made her blush all the more. "So then," Theo said, calculating. "Slytherin got tenth, eighth, sixth, third, second, and first. That's more than half the top spots!" "Ravenclaw took the other four," Hermione told him. "That's great, for Slytherin," Theo said. "It puts us in a lead over the other houses." Millie snorted. "I wouldn't be so sure about that," she said. "Vince and Greg have got to have dragged the average down." They all glanced down the table and Vince and Greg, who were practicing balancing muffins on top of their forks. They all quickly looked back. "Still," Theo said. "We have most of the top spots. I think that's pretty great." "It is," Hermione agreed. "And props to Granger," Draco said, his eyes gleaming. He raised his glass toward her, as if giving a toast. "To the New Blood showing the rest of us purebloods how it's done. Cheers." Hermione froze in her seat, her eyes going wide. Draco had never called her a New Blood before. "Cheers," Blaise agreed, picking up his goblet and shooting Hermione a cheeky smirk. "Congratulations," Theo said, smirking. "Well done Hermione." "To Hermione!" Tracey said, jumping in. "To Hermione," Daphne agreed, picking up her cup as well. Hermione watched as one by one, all her classmates of her house picked up their goblets and looked at her. Millie had to snap at Vince and Greg to get their attention, but they lifted their goblets as well. "To Hermione, for leading our den of vipers to snake-y success," Blaise said, grinning. "May she continue to do so," Theo added, "as we crush the other houses." "To Hermione," Draco echoed. "Congratulations." To Hermione's immense surprise, he passed his cup to the right and took Theo's cup from his left and drank deeply, and the others followed suit, each taking a cup from someone else and drinking. Hermione followed their movements automatically, fighting to not make a face as she got someone's over-sweetened tea. Afterwards, there was a brief scuffle as cups were traded back, and breakfast resumed, but with a lighter, celebratory air amongst the Slytherins as they enjoyed their last meal at Hogwarts for the year. Hermione made a note to look up pureblood traditions regarding toasts later, but it was hard to even worry about not knowing something. Her classmates had just toasted her for coming in first in the year. They'd publicly declared her the academic leader for their year, and openly toasted to her success. Hermione couldn't stop beaming as she finished her eggs. If that didn't feel like acceptance, she didn't know what would.
Packing after breakfast was a noisy affair, with cries of "where did I put it?" and "has anyone seen my hairbrush?" around the room as the girls searched for all their things. Hermione had largely kept her things together, so packing wasn't difficult – just a matter of putting her things away that she'd taken out. "You never did say what those were," Tracey said, as Hermione stood on her bed and carefully took down the stone crowns she'd put there. "They're crowns," Hermione said, and Tracey laughed. "Yes, but where did you get them?" Hermione grinned. "Off stone kings." Packing took little time; what took more time was Hermione slightly panicking and trying to figure out how best to take the second trunk she'd ended up with along with her to the platform. Everyone else had one trunk, and Hermione had only had one trunk for most of the year... In the end, she put a Muggle lock on it and another luggage tag that clearly read "Hermione's Books – Property of Hermione Granger" and set it next to her normal trunk, labeled "Hermione Granger". Sometimes hiding out in the open was the better option, Hermione thought, biting her lip as she straightened up her bed. It wasn't like she'd be able to sneak a heavy trunk like that onto the train unseen. Notes were handed out to all students as they left the castle, warning them all not to do magic over the summer, which made Hermione smirk. They were herded into boats, and then Hagrid was sailing them across the lake, and they were boarding the Hogwarts Express, the students talking and laughing as they piled in. Hermione used subtle levitation charms on her trunks to help get them inside. With all the chaos, no one would know who was doing what, and they'd probably look the other way, regardless. Hermione settled into a compartment with Tracey, Millie, and Blaise. They played Exploding Snap for a while before Tracey and Millie left to go find Daphne. Blaise was flipping through a book quietly, and Hermione watched the landscape pass by through the window, sinking into her thoughts. "What're you thinking about?" Hermione looked up, and Blaise was looking straight at her. He quirked an eyebrow, and Hermione laughed. "I was-" she started. "Umm-" "I can see you're scrambling for a lie," Blaise teased. "Don't, Hermione. Just tell me the truth." His eyes were open and honest, and Hermione bit her lip, feeling a twinge in her heart. Revealing her thoughts would be revealing a weakness, and even with her friends, being vulnerable, especially to another Slytherin, had become hard. Blaise's eyes were unguarded, though, and Hermione sighed. "I was trying to figure out what was going on with the toast this morning," Hermione admitted. Blaise gave her a quizzical look. "Everyone was celebrating you," he told her. "We were proud of you. I thought you'd be pleased." "I was," Hermione said quickly. "No, I am. It was- it actually meant a lot- but at the toast, everyone started swapping cups-" Comprehension dawned on Blaise's face. "And Muggles don't swap cups," he guessed. "They don't," Hermione confirmed. "They just clink glasses or cups with other people's after the toast, but before they drink. I've never seen people trade cups." "I doubt that Muggles have much of a need to swap cups," Blaise said, giving her a twisted, wry grin. "Not unless poison is as common in the Muggle world as it is in the wizarding one." "Oh!" Hermione's hand flew to her mouth, her eyes growing large. "So the cup trading is-" "If you were planning on poisoning a person, can you imagine a better way to ensure they drink the poison than making a toast?" Blaise asked. "Even if you knew your cup was poisoned, you'd be practically socially shamed into suicide. You can't just refuse a toast. So everybody started swapping glasses." "So people can't poison each other, because they'd end up poisoning someone random instead?" Hermione guessed. "Oh, don't get me wrong, people still poison each other," Blaise said, smirking. "But now it's more at private dinners or in secret. There's no poisonings at large, public functions anymore – with the toast glass-swapping, it becomes too dangerous." "Were there really that many deaths that this became a social convention?" Hermione asked, astonished. "If you could triumph over your enemy in private, or in a grand, dramatic, and public fashion, which would you choose?" Blaise shot back, and Hermione's mind flashed back to Herbology class: Pansy, tears in her eyes, bleeding in front of everyone, and the terror in her eyes as Hermione whispered a rumor about her blood. "In public," Hermione said reluctantly, and Blaise grinned at her. "See?" he said. "We're all the same. So in order to stop the poisonings, wizards started trading cups. This was centuries ago, mind. Not many people now know where the tradition came from, I'd bet." "But you do?" Hermione asked. There was a pause, and Blaise gave her a long, measuring look. "Yeah," he said finally. "My mum taught me." Hermione looked at him for a long moment, confusion in her eyes. Blaise sighed and looked out the window. "All I know about your mother is that she's famously beautiful," Hermione ventured. "Daphne has referred to her as 'the epitome of class' and 'the pinnacle of beauty'. And Tracey said she flirts a lot." Blaise snickered despite himself. "That's not exactly inaccurate," he said. He gave Hermione an amused look, before his smile subsided. "My mum," he said finally, "has had seven husbands." "Seven?" Hermione's eyes grew wide. "That's-" Her mind caught up with her, reminding her of the context of the conversation, and Hermione cut herself off, giving Blaise an evaluating look. "I was going to say 'I didn't know polygamy was legal in the wizarding world' before I realized," Hermione said dryly, and Blaise stifled a snort of laughter. Hermione watched him laugh, waiting for his eyes to meet hers again. "That sort of thing happens in the Muggle world, too," she said, careful to keep her tone even, non-judgemental. "They even have a term for it – a Black Widow. Like the spider." Blaise looked surprised, then thoughtful. "A black widow…?" He considered, then snorted. "That… fits rather well, actually." Hermione just watched him, and Blaise met her eyes again. "There's a lot of rumors around my mother," Blaise said finally. "That she's cursed, that she did something to her husbands, that other potential lovers arranged 'accidents' for their rivals…" And Blaise had just mentioned that his mother taught him about the semi-obscure history of an old ritual, with its history steeped in poisoning. "I understand," Hermione said. She reached over, laying a hand on his for a moment, looking up at him. "Thank you for trusting me with this." Blaise looked surprised, but then his eyes softened. "I do," he said, his lips quirked. "I'm not totally sure when that happened, but I do trust you." Hermione smiled back. "That's not a bad thing," she teased. "You have to trust someone." "You take that back," Blaise said immediately. "I do not. I am not some weak Hufflepuff." Hermione started laughing, before drawing herself up and trying to appear snobbish. "Everyone needs at least one person to confide in," Hermione informed him, raising her chin. "You should listen to me – I clearly know best. I'm the top of the class." They looked at each other for a long moment, both holding snobby looks, before they both started laughing. "I'm still so glad I got the top," Hermione said, when their laughter had subsided. "I didn't realize at the time, but I really feel like I proved myself to everyone, now. They were so surprised…" "I knew you'd be the top of the year, Hermione," Blaise told her. "I never doubted it for a second. You're the best witch we've got." Hermione felt her heart warm at the kindness and honesty in his voice. Blaise's eyes softened as he looked at her, before getting a playful spark in them. "You're the best-looking girl in our year, too," he continued, his eyes teasing. "Definitely. You'd come in top for that, too." Hermione snorted. "You should have stopped when you were ahead," she said, throwing a cushion at him. "I'll take smartest – Lavender Brown can keep best looking, and we'll see which one of us gets further in life." "Lavender Brown is a primping cow," Blaise dismissed, throwing the cushion back at her. "You're the one with the smile that makes men weak at the knees and the eyes that capture the lights of fairies." "Stop!" Hermione laughed. "You're ridiculous." Blaise stopped, as requested, but his eyes gleamed still, making Hermione smirk and roll her eyes as he raked his eyes over her very suggestively, obviously trying to flirt with her further without saying anything more. But Hermione just smiled. For all his ridiculousness, Blaise really was a good friend. A good friend… Abruptly, Hermione stood up. "Going somewhere?" Blaise asked. Hermione nodded. "I forgot about something. Just have an errand to run." It wasn't hard to find Harry Potter's compartment; she followed the whispers and the students who paused to stare inside. Harry's adventure with Quirrell was still hot gossip. Rolling her eyes, she knocked briefly before stepping inside. Harry, Neville, and Ron were in the compartment. Ron was sprawled over one of the seats, snoring with a magazine over his face, while Harry and Neville were both on the other seat, opening chocolate frogs. They froze when she opened the door, but both of them relaxed when they saw it was her. "I'd ask to take a seat," Hermione said wryly, "but you appear to have run out of them." Neville blushed and Harry grinned. Hermione tilted her head. "Harry, can I see you in the corridor?" she said. "I have something for you." Curious, Harry looked to Neville, who shrugged and nodded, before standing and joining her. Once in the corridor, Hermione carefully checked both ways before withdrawing Harry's invisibility cloak from her robes. Harry's eyes went wide. "I had wondered where this went!" he said. "I was worried it'd been lost in the corridor." Hermione smiled. "I wouldn't have let that happen," she assured him. "Here." She helped him bundle it under his own robes, in case someone else came by. It made Harry look vaguely pregnant or unusually fat, but it was the best she could do without practically accosting Harry. "I have something else for you," she told him, handing him a slip of paper. Harry took it and scanned it "This is… your phone number?" he said. "And your address?" Hermione offered him a soft smile. "I remember you saying how wretched your relatives are," she said. "If you ever want to come over, or just want to talk to someone who knows… well. Now you know how to find me." Harry grinned at her, before rummaging at his pockets. "Hang on – here." He scrawled his own number on a slip of parchment, giving it to her. "The Dursleys probably won't let me use the phone, but if a call comes in for me, they might let me take it." He paused. "I could give it to Ron and Neville, too, but they might not know how to use a phone." "I'd recommend against it," she told him seriously. "Just stick to owls with them. Less chance of them angering your family, that way." Harry nodded, before giving her a big hug, sweeping her off her feet. "Harry-!" She laughed, hitting Harry before he put her down. He grinned at her, his green eyes sparkling. "I never thanked you, Hermione," he told her. His gaze grew serious. "You saved my life, down there in the corridor. You saved us all. Thank you." His gaze was so honest, so forthright, that Hermione felt herself squirming. "It was nothing, Harry," she told him honestly. "You're one of my best friends. I couldn't let anything happen to you." Harry smiled at her, and Hermione smiled back, before giving him another hug. "Tell Neville good-bye for me in case I don't see him on the platform," Hermione told Harry. "I don't fancy his chance to get past all that candy without knocking it all over the place." Harry laughed and nodded, wishing her a happy summer before disappearing back into his compartment. Smiling to herself, a job well done, Hermione made her way back down the hall to her own compartment. The rest of the trip went by in a bit of a blur, and before she knew it, they were pulling into King's Cross Station. A conductor let them through the platform in two's and three's, to not startle the Muggles, and as soon as Hermione was through, she was eagerly scanning the crowd. "Hermione!" Hermione turned to see her mother and father waving, making their way through the crowd. Her eyes suddenly wet, Hermione threw herself at her parents. "I missed you so much," Hermione gasped, hugging them both tightly. "You have no idea." "Oh, I think we have some idea," her mother murmured, stroking her back. "It was probably somewhere in the realm of how much we were missing you." "So how were your exams?" her father asked, lifting Hermione's trunks onto a trolley. "Did you do well?" "Best in the class," Hermione admitted, and her parents beamed at her. "That's my little girl!" her father laughed, clapping her on the back. "No matter what type of school you go to, you always come out on top." "Are you ready to go, dear?" her mother asked, and Hermione nodded. "I have so much to tell you," she told them. "Wait until you hear about what all happened at school…"
A/N: Hello! This chapter begins the 2nd year (Chamber of Secrets) for Hermione. This is a good place to pause and take a break. Do you need some water? Do you need to go to the bathroom? Is it 3am and you've been reading for hours and desperately need to go to sleep? This is the place in the story to take a break and come back once you've refreshed yourself. We'll still be here waiting for you :) Hermione's parents were incredibly pleased with her marks. Hermione hadn't anticipated their amusement with the story of the obstacle course. "Wait, the fall was how long?" her father asked, grinning. "Did you use the 50 feet of rope?" "The dog just fell asleep?" her mother repeated. "Just like in the myth?" Hermione resisted the urge to stomp her foot. "Will you please just let me finish telling it?" Her parents fell silent, but Hermione could tell it wouldn't last. "Yes, the Cerberus just fell asleep. It was easy," Hermione continued. "And the drop was… I don't know how long. Really long. I used the 50 feet of rope, but it wasn't long enough. I had to climb back up it. It was exhausting." "I feel like that should be against the rules," Hermione's father said. "Needing more than 50 feet of rope…" "Actual dungeon exploring isn't the same as make-believe, darling," her mother pointed out, elbowing him. "Let Hermione tell her story." Hermione loved her mother dearly. "I had to go and get a retractable rope from the groundskeeper to use," she told them. "At the bottom of the pit was this layer of plants that try to strangle people." "That sounds… dangerous," her mother said carefully. "Well, if you don't know what you're doing," Hermione agreed. "I did know what I was doing, and I was able to make them curl away with a simple fire spell." Hermione's mother looked cautiously approving. Her father looked proud. "The next room after that had all these little flying keys and brooms, and the lock was resistant to magic. You were supposed to catch the key needed to unlock the door." "I thought you didn't like flying," Hermione's mother said quizzically. "You managed to get past that?" "In a fashion," Hermione admitted. "I used the lock picks dad gave me to get through." Her father laughed uproariously. "See? See?" he told his wife, elbowing her with a wide grin. "As if I could steer her wrong." "I didn't doubt you." Hermione's mother sniffed primly. "I just thought you got a little over-excited, when Hermione wrote home asking for rope and things to help her explore a dungeon." "I did not! I knew exactly what she would need-" "After the flying key room," Hermione continued loudly, "there was a room with giant chess pieces. I had to play my way across and beat the white pieces to get through." Her parents fell silent at that, exchanging a long look with each other before looking back at her. "And… how did that go?" her mother asked. Slytherin had changed her ability to pick up on nuances, Hermione realized. Before, she'd had classified her mother's tone as "curious". Now, though, it sounded more "carefully neutral". "Not well," Hermione said, grimacing. "I had to go back at that – I knew better than to try. I ended up having a boy from my classes help me." "You took an accomplice back with you?" her father said, nodding. "Smart. More members in the party." "No," Hermione said, pushing aside her father's odd words. "He volunteered to help teach me when he saw me reading a chess strategy book. When he deemed me hopeless, he sent me a miniature chess set that was connected to one he had. He thought I was playing Ron. I just echoed the moves the giant chess set made onto the small set, and when he made a move, I echoed it with my pieces on the giant board." "Smart," her father said, approving. "Much smarter than playing yourself." "Isn't Ron the boy who was being so mean to you?" her mother said with a frown. "Why would you be playing him?" "To beat him," Hermione said, sighing. "Anyway, it was a lie. The next room-" "You shouldn't lie to your friends like that," her mother said disapprovingly. "That's no way to maintain close friendships." Hermione briefly reflected on the fact that her mother would be eaten alive in Slytherin. "Hermione was on an adventure and didn't want to share the loot," her father said, defending her. "The rules are different; it's not like she lied about anything important. What came next, Hermione?" "Um." Hermione hesitated. "The next room held a troll." Her parents both broke into loud objections, and Hermione winced. "A troll?" "Is this how the one got in on Halloween? It escaped this ridiculous puzzle?" "A troll is a much higher-level encounter than a person of your year should be taking on alone!" "I am going to write to that school and-" "It was fine!" Hermione said loudly. "Mum, the troll on Halloween was a freak accident, and it all ended up okay. I even made friends from it. Freak accidents can happen at any school." Hermione's mother gave her a disapproving look, her lips tightly pursed, but she fell silent. "And Dad, I-" Hermione faltered. Higher level encounter? "The entire obstacle course was an optional thing. I wasn't in any danger at any time I didn't think I could handle," she went with. "And I didn't have to kill the troll, just get past it. I blinded it using a really bright light spell and ran past it." "Brilliant!" her father proclaimed. Her mother still looked disapproving. "The next room had magic fire spring up in the doorways, and seven bottles. There was a logic puzzle on the table to figure out which potion would help me move forward." "The puzzle level," her father said, nodding. "Did you beat it?" Hermione sniffed. "Of course." Something in her tone amused her parents; her father burst into a wide grin and laughed again, and her mother broke a smile. "You were always good at logic," her mother said, her face softening. "What came next?" "The next room was… um…" Hermione paused. How best to explain this? "Yes?" her father prompted. "The next room was the last room, and it held a magic mirror," Hermione said finally. "You had to be able to look into the mirror and want the prize without wanting to use the prize." "Use the prize?" her mother repeatedly quizzically. "Like a magical weapon or special item," her father explained to her mother. He turned back to her. "Right, Hermione?" "Something like that," Hermione admitted. "I managed this one pretty easily, actually. I didn't know what the treasure was ahead of time, so it was easy to get for me. I replaced it with a fake one, so other people wouldn't know immediately that someone had gone through first." "How do you know that you didn't get a fake treasure from someone else too?" her mother asked. Hermione frowned. "Umm," she said. "I suppose I don't." "Did everyone else know what the treasure was ahead of time?" her father asked. "The other people I know who tried the obstacle course did," Hermione said. "There were clues left around the school, kind of? I just did the obstacle course first, and I didn't care about the reward. The others found out about the magical artifact first, and that's what lured them into the dungeon." "Good for you for winning," her mother said, pleased. "Did you get any recognition for it, besides this prize?" Hermione considered. "I got 50 house points awarded to me at the end of the year feast," she said carefully. "It was enough to push my house into the lead to win the House Cup." Her parents beamed at her. "My little girl, an adventurer and dungeoneer in her own right," her father said. He looked incredibly proud of her, almost like he might cry. "Well done, Hermione," her mother said, smiling. "I'm proud of you." In the face of her parents' obvious joy, Hermione softened and smiled back. It was almost hard to – she'd grown used to hiding her true feelings, even if they were happy ones. There was a whistle from the other room, and Hermione's mother stood up. "That'll be the kettle," she said, going into the other room. Her father sat there, looking at Hermione proudly. She shifted, a little uncomfortable. "Hermione, I have been pretending to be a wizard crawling through dungeons for years now," he told her, and recognition finally sparked for Hermione. "The fact that you-" "Is this that game you go over to Mr. Stalling's house for on Thursday nights?" Hermione cut in. "Yes. Don't interrupt. Now," her father continued, "I know your mother might not seem the most supportive of you going to magic school, but she's just worried about your safety. But I want you to know that I am incredibly, incredibly proud of you." "I… that's great?" Hermione offered. She wasn't really sure what her father was looking for. "If you are going on any more dungeon adventures, or adventures in general, I would be more than happy to help you get whatever equipment-" "Are you encouraging our daughter to get into trouble?" Hermione's mother said sharply, coming back into the room with the tea tray. "No. I'm just offering our support as loving parents to our daughter," he shot back. Hermione's mother sighed a long, put-upon sigh and settled into the couch with her tea cup, rolling her eyes dramatically. Hermione giggled. "Hermione, what are your plans for the summer?" her mother asked, tactfully changing the subject. "Do you have any homework?" "Oh! Yes, they gave us summer homework," Hermione said. "I also got an internship!" "An internship?" her father repeated. "After your first year?" "Hermione, you're twelve," her mother said, raising an eyebrow. "Isn't that something more for the older students to be looking into?" "The Wizarding World doesn't even have internships, really," Hermione said smugly. "I asked my head of house, and he found one for me. I'll be working at a wizarding publishing company, helping get coffee, read manuscripts, and helping copy-edit for grammar." Her parents exchanged a look. "That sounds right up your alley," her father said, looking mildly impressed. "Good work experience, at any rate." "Does this mean we shall have to drive you into London every day?" her mother asked. "No! They've agreed to give me a work Portkey – it's like a, um…" Hermione trailed off. "Well, it'll take me to work and back every day at the designated times. Like… a teleportation pad, but without the pad?" "That's incredibly practical," Hermione's mother murmured, approving. "And this will help keep you busy over the summer." "Excellent," Hermione's father said, nodding. "We were worried you would end up bored. And we didn't figure you'd want to invite your school friends over here." Hermione winced, imagining the things that Blaise or Millie might say unintentionally. "Probably it's best I not," Hermione said hastily. "I do have one friend, though, that I might ask over…"
Hermione wasn't sure how to dress for her internship, so she asked for help from her mother, who helped her find a black business-y dress from her own closet. The dress didn't fit too poorly, either – her mother helped her with the fit, clucking over how she was growing so fast, and that her growth spurt would probably end soon. "And once you stop growing up, you'll start growing out, dear," she said with a wink. "Let me know when you're ready to go bra shopping." "Mum!" Hermione's face flamed. "Well, I presume you'll want normal bras, yes?" her mother pushed. "Who knows what your witch classmates wear? They might still use corsets and stays, especially given the way so many things seem stuck in time a century or two ago." "I- okay," Hermione admitted. "That's probably a good idea. None of my dorm mates wear bras yet, so… I don't really know what witches wear." "Whenever you need it, we'll go," her mother assured her. "Have you had your first period yet?" "Mum!" "There's nothing to be ashamed of, Hermione. It's a natural part of growing up." Hermione hesitated. "I… I had one," she said, faltering. "Only… it was just the one. I didn't have any others." Hermione's mother turned to look at her curiously. "Only one?" she said, raising an eyebrow. "Yes," Hermione said. She hadn't realized that she hadn't had another one, after the first she'd had. "I had a period back in March, but I haven't had another one since." Something flitted across her mother's face. "Hermione, that's not how periods work," she said. "You get them every month. Are you sure it wasn't spotting of some sort?" "I'm sure," Hermione said crossly. "I had cramps and everything. And there was a lot of blood. I even used tampons." Hermione could tell her mother was trying not to laugh. "But I only had the one," Hermione continued. "I'm… I didn't really realize I only had one. I forgot about it, once it went away." Her mother shot her with a sharp look. "Hermione, are you pregnant?" "No!" Hermione yelped. "Mum, I've never even kissed-" "I'm just asking, love. I can't think of any other reason that a woman's period would suddenly stop like that." Hermione watched her mother rummage through her jewelry box for business-appropriate jewelry. Hermione bit her lip. "Mum," she said. "A girl gets a period because her body is trying to get ready to have a baby, right?" "Yes, love," her mother said distractedly. "The uterus passes the lining of the womb after conception hasn't taken place." "Well, maybe my body isn't ready to start having babies," Hermione said, keeping her voice very even. "Maybe it just wanted to try it the once, and then it decided it wasn't ready yet." "Oh, Hermione." Her mother was exasperated. "That's not how it works. A woman-" She broke off, and Hermione quickly looked up to see that her mother was looking at her, her eyes narrowed. Hermione quickly tried to school her expression into something more neutral. "Hermione," her mother said, her tone sharp. Hermione winced. "Hermione Jean Granger, what have you done?" "I- nothing mum, really!" Hermione objected. "I just had a period!" "And did this period occur naturally…?" Hermione winced, and her mother's face got very tight. "So you had an unnatural period," her mother said, pinching the bridge of her nose. "I take it this is some witchy thing? A hazing ritual? Everyone bleed in the cauldron to unite us as friends?" "Mum!" Hermione was scandalized. "That'd be Dark magic! No! There's not- it wasn't-" "Then what," she said, coming over and sitting down next to Hermione, "pray tell, was it?" Her mother's eyes were sharp and piercing. Hermione squirmed, her Slytherin skills at hiding the truth abandoning her in the face of her mother's honed lie-detection skills. "I did a ritual," Hermione said in a rush. "A witch having her first period at exactly eighteen months after she turns eleven helps maximize her magical potential. So I did a ritual for fertility, and it hurt a lot, but when I didn't have a sperm in me to fertilize anything, I got my period two weeks later, the day before my half birthday. So it worked, but then… I only had the one, I guess, because my body wasn't ready to start doing it on its own, and I didn't do the ritual again…" She trailed off. "I hope everything worked. If I did all that and it didn't even count as a proper period, I'm going to be mad. It hurt a lot." "Oh, Hermione," her mother sighed. "What am I going to do with you?" Her mother wound her arms around her, pulling her close. Hermione bit her lip and hugged her mother close, burying her face in her arm. "You are growing up so fast, and growing up in this very different world," her mother said softly, stroking Hermione's hair. "How am I supposed to support my little girl when she's off doing things I can't understand? Doing things to change her body?" "I'm fine," Hermione said, her voice petulant. "I just had the one period, that's all. I'm sure I'll get the normal annoying ones eventually." Her mother pulled back, giving Hermione a stern look. "Be as that may, we are making an appointment for you for the gynecologist," she told her. "We are making sure you haven't somehow permanently hurt yourself with this magical ritual." Hermione sighed. "Fine." "Now," said her mother, straightening up. She withdrew a pair of small earrings, extending them. "These are imitation black pearl studs. Does the wizarding world have things like this?" "I think so," Hermione said. "No one really wears much jewelry at school, but I think so." "Then these will go with that dress." Her mother stood and went to put away her other jewelry. "Do you have any sort of business shoe to wear with that dress? I don't want you to wear your school shoes with a calf-length dress." "No, but I think I might fit in yours, now. My feet finished growing first," Hermione said, digging in her mother's closet. "Look! I can fit in your shoes." She offered a hesitant grin at her mother, who sighed but smiled fondly at her. "Are you sure you want to wear those?" she cautioned. "Heels can hurt after a while." "I can use a cushioning charm," Hermione assured her. "They'll hurt your legs, darling, not just your feet," her mother said, frowning. "They put a lot of strain on your calves." "I can always take a pair of flats in my bag in case," Hermione said. She looked at herself in the mirror, in her mother's dress and heels. She pulled her hair up into a bun and held it there. She looked very grown up, she thought. Just like the professional type of witch who would have a job at a publishing firm. "Well, it is a special occasion," her mother conceded. "Just be sure to take a couple painkillers with you in your purse and a pair of flats in case you need them. We'll need you to wake up early tomorrow, too – I'll have to do your hair before I leave for the practice."
The Portkey's yank behind her navel sent her stomach reeling, but Hermione was able to suppress the nausea, desperately focusing on the sensation of air inside of her to help her stabilize her sense of self. She didn't want the first thing she did at her new internship to be vomiting on Mr. Vitac's shoes. "Hermione Granger! Right on time!" Hermione opened her eyes to see Cadmus Vitac offering her a grin, looking just as frazzled as he'd looked in Professor Snape's office. He was wearing a sort of mustard-colored tweed suit with a burnt orange robe. "Mr. Vitac," Hermione said, tucking her portkey into her purse. She offered him a slight bow. "Thank you very much again for the opportunity. I'm very excited to get started." Cadmus raised an eyebrow and gave her a slow look, carefully regarding her. "First lesson," he said abruptly. "What is appropriate to wear and not wear to work." Hermione felt her heart plummet. "I- I'm so sorry," she said. "I did my best to look professional- I really did-" And she had. Her mother had helped her impossible curls into an elegant French twist, and Hermione had even put on nylons with her dress and heels, and she'd worn her nicest black robe over it. She thought she looked very grown-up. To hear that she'd gotten it all wrong was heartbreaking. "You do look very professional," Cadmus reassured her, "but just for the wrong profession. Come. Let me show you." He gestured for her to follow her, and Hermione walked after him, doing her best not to teeter in her mother's heels. They went down the hallway to a large set of red doors, which Cadmus threw open, and Hermione gasped. It looked almost like a warehouse, but somehow incredibly not. There were people with desks all over and oddly-glowing lights on them, murmuring over manuscript pages. Another side of the room seemed to be sewing covers together. Behind them all were incredibly large bookcases, with the ladders on them that looked two or three stories tall. Pages were running around, grabbing references off the shelves and running over with them to editors, who snatched them up, muttering to themselves as they read. "This is the work room," Cadmus told her. "Now: what is the first thing you notice about how everyone is dressed?" Hermione looked, watching for a minute. "No one is in outer robes," she observed. "You're the only person who I could say has one on." "Very good," Cadmus said. "And what else?" Hermione gave the room another look, before looking up beseechingly. Cadmus chuckled. "Let's go introduce you around, and we'll see if you can't figure it out," he told her. He guided her toward the tables. Hermione felt a buzzing sort of nervousness in her throat, and she tried her best to keep it pushed down. To her surprise, as they neared one of the tables, the couple people who looked up abruptly looked nervous themselves and leapt to their feet. Hermione looked at Cadmus, quizzical. "Lads, this is Hermione Granger," he told them. "She's going to be helping us this summer." The two men exchanged a look, before offering her deep bows. "Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss Granger," they both told her. Hermione's eyes bulged. "Ah, you don't have to-" "Hermione here is learning today about how we dress here at Lleuwlynn and Selwyn," Cadmus said, chuckling. "Now, Hermione – what do you observe?" Hermione bit her lip. "They're only wearing basic robes, and they're dusty," Hermione said. "The- the woman over there, she's wearing a split robe, too." "Exactly," Cadmus said, nodding. "Practical. Easy. Nothing fancy here – no one's going to see us except the books." He gave her an appraising look. "You're dressed more for the Daily Prophet office than here, since reporters are in the public eye. Here, no one cares what you wear, so long as you're adequately covered and can get around quickly." Hermione sighed. "I'll try again tomorrow," she told him. "I'm sure you'll get the hang of it," he assured her. He smiled indulgently. "Besides – I'm supposed to teach you business things like this, right? That's what Severus said." He led her around, introducing her to the others. Hermione felt more and more awkward as it went on, everyone bowing to her and such. At least she was overdressed, she thought to herself, not underdressed. Better overprepared than underprepared. After meeting everyone, Cadmus took her over to a desk. There was a quill, a pot of red ink, and a stack of papers. "This is your desk," he told her. "Your first job is to grammar-check this manuscript. It's been fact-checked already, so don't worry about that." "Do you want me to check for style, too?" Hermione said, taking a seat and scooting her chair in. "Confusing wording, that sort of thing?" Cadmus considered for a moment, then shrugged. "Might as well," he said. "Couldn't hurt!" He left her to it and wandered off. Hermione spent the first day of her internship reading all about garden pests and different ways of handling them. She ate a sandwich at her desk for lunch, but she kept reading and marking while she did. By the end of the day, she'd finished the manuscript and had it all marked up, and she had learned more than she ever thought she'd need to know about gophers, rabbits, doxies, fairies, and gnomes. "Well done," Cadmus told her upon returning. "This will help out a lot." "I could have probably gotten started on another one," Hermione admitted. "Not finished, but started. You could leave two tomorrow?" Cadmus's eyebrows rose almost into his hairline. "We'll see how this one is, and we'll discuss it tomorrow," he told her. "Let me help you back to the foyer, just until you get the feel for the place." Hermione tottered after him in heels to the reception area, before withdrawing her Portkey. She glanced at the clock – two minutes to go – and then bowed to him. "Thank you again for this opportunity," she told him honestly. "I'm really excited to learn about publishing." Cadmus chuckled. "Miss Granger, if you marked this," he said, holding the manuscript aloft, "with the same skill and thoroughness you did your test essay, believe me – I am going to be getting rather more out of the arrangement than you." The Portkey abruptly yanked at her navel, spinning Hermione through space to land hard in her living room. She stumbled in the heels and fell backwards onto the sofa, slightly queasy, but relieved that her first day hadn't turned out so badly after all. Working at Lleuwlynn and Selwyn went much better the next day, when Hermione wore a simple black summer robe, and no one had any cause to stare at her and give her odd looks. By Friday, she'd ditched robes altogether and was wearing black denims and dark tops to work – no one paid attention to what people were wearing, so long as it wasn't fancy. She'd caught one of the pages in the stacks in worn blue jeans and an old Quidditch jersey; as long as she could run around and get her work done, she suspected she'd be fine. Her main job continued to be grammar-checking manuscripts. Cadmus Vitac was very appreciative of her skill in doing so and had loudly begun wondering aloud if he should make a habit of sending his copy editors to Muggle school to learn their grammar properly. Hermione sank further and further into her chair each time he did this, uneasily watching the faces of the other copy editors around her grow redder and redder. Hermione suspected her skill with grammar came more from how much she liked to read and her mother's constant corrections as she grew up than just Muggle school, but she wasn't about to say a word. There was the added bonus that even as she was working, she was reading and learning about magic, depending on what she was reading. A lot of the books she read were a bit beyond her, but she was pleased with the amount she was able to grasp. There were a lot of good books about defending against Dark magic and creatures that Hermione found fascinating, and Hermione found herself with a list of spells she wanted to learn next to her notes, the Patronus Charm topping the list. Anything that could fight off something as terrifying as a Dementor was bound to be handy. When she wasn't copy-editing, Hermione was fetching coffee for the other editors, shadowing them at their jobs, or helping the fact-checkers by running and finding reference books in the giant library they had. The fact-checkers were impressive, and Hermione admired them immensely. It was incredible to see them reading, sometimes murmuring along silently with the words, then jerk suddenly and come to life, barking out instructions. It was made more impressive by the fact that they didn't need to check every fact, just some of them; each of the fact checkers seemed to have an incredible memory filled with all kinds of obscure magical minutia they could reference against. Hermione wished she could remember so much. Hermione's fellow copywriters didn't seem to like her very much, which she didn't mind – the pages were more fun for Hermione to try and make friends with anyway. They all tended to be eccentric bookworms who had taken the job more for the benefits of being around books all day than the salary that came with it – an impulse Hermione could well understand. They also tended to be younger. One of them, Michael, was a tall and lanky fellow not long out of Hogwarts who enjoyed discussing obscure magical theories with her. Another, Claire, was a pretty young woman in her early twenties who took to teaching Hermione the different theories of publishing and cataloging, as well as what magic was affected by the different phases of the moon. Whenever Hermione asked where they had learned such things, she always just got a shrug and "the stacks" as an answer. It was always from a book somewhere in the stacks. "The stacks" referred to the rows and rows of large, two-story bookshelves kept in the back of the room; enormous, looming, and fascinating. Hermione found it incredible. They had books from centuries ago, charmed and protected against damage. Hermione asked one of the pages about them at one point, and the page had shrugged. "A lot of it's just a reference library for the fact-checkers, but we keep all the original editions of things we publish," she'd told her. "If a change to a book isn't considered serious enough to publish a retraction or a new edition, we just edit the original and fix it up." "Edit the original…?" Hermione had wondered. That had led Hermione on a crash-course on how books were published in the wizarding world. There was a printing press that was used to typeset the pages of books and press the ink to the pages. However, each page was only pressed two or three times, not hundreds of times for the hundreds of books to be made. After enough pages for two or three books had been made, the book's pages were bound together, the cover sewn, and the books completed. After that, the books went on to the spell casting department – a group of determined but weary-looking people in a side room of the warehouse. One book of the three would be designated the "master" copy, and a series of spells would secure it as such. The Gemino Curse would then be used to duplicate the master copy over and over and over, until they had the amount of copies needed for the print run. More spellworkers would then spell the copies with copyright protection spells, to ensure that that copies couldn't be copied, and with linking spells to link them back to the master copy. This ensured that if any changes needed to be made, a small change in the master copy would show up in all the duplicate copies, and that if a book sold out, another print run could be made from the master copy with little fuss. The second book was designated the "original" copy. These were marked clearly in their inner covers and spelled against all decay and changes. This was the original edition of the book and was to be kept pristine and never touched; these were put in a different part of the library than all the other books. Sometimes there was a third copy of the book made, designated the "tracker". If a book was particularly academic and might change as more advances came out, tracker copies were more common. The tracker copy was bespelled to reflect all changes made, in different ink colors, and to record each edition update on its inner cover. By pressing her wand to the words "third edition" in a book, Hermione could watch the text of the book change and flow backwards in time to show her what had been in the book at another time, and watch the text change back when she let go, resuming its current sixth edition presentation. It was fascinating to Hermione, and she found herself begging the book casters for lessons on how to cast the publishing spells when she was on her breaks. The casters were very stringent and refused, citing copyright and how the spells were protected and only to be used for the publishing house, but one of the younger casters relented, occasionally teaching Hermione the wand movements or incantation for a spell or two by the coffee pot. He told her strictly that they were spells only to be used for the publishing house, and not by her, at least not for several years, until she was powerful enough to manage them, but he taught them to her anyway. Hermione made secret notes in a journal of the incantations and the wand movements to try again when she was older. She hoped that she'd be able to get the same internship next summer, but just in case she didn't, she wanted to try on her own sometime. Book-making was fascinating, and it cheered Hermione to see how important books still were in the magical world; books in the Muggle world were becoming less and less popular over time with the growing popularity of the television. For once, Hermione found herself grateful at the wizarding world's old-fashioned ways.
Her work study kept her busy most of the time, but Hermione exchanged letters with some of her friends from school. Tracey and Millie wrote regularly, not that either of them were doing much this summer – their letters were mostly filled with gossip about other Slytherins, especially Tracey's. While Hermione wasn't thrilled with all the gossip, she was slowly learning that gossip was just another word for "information network," and in Slytherin, having the most information was critical to success. It helped if she thought of Tracey and Millie as spies helping her plot a devious spy plot, but sometimes it was a challenge – it was interesting to learn that Marcus Flint had been held back, for example, but it was completely uninteresting to learn what Pansy Parkinson had worn to Diagon Alley when she was seen in the company of Draco Malfoy last Thursday. Blaise wrote occasionally too, and his letters were gems. He wrote outrageous lies about where he was and what he was doing, citing exploring ancient Mayan ruins, chasing lions in Africa, and infiltrating the Forbidden City all on his own. His charming tales were over-the-top and ridiculously funny, and Hermione found herself writing her own lies back about how she was spending the summer planning a heist for the crown jewels, time-traveling to stop an assassination in America, and learning the secret magic of the Australian Aborigines. Their letters flew back and forth, and though Hermione hadn't really learned anything else about Blaise save his skill in fiction writing, Hermione found herself thinking more and more fondly of him. His letters were a treat. Not all her letters were sent by owl, however. Hermione sent her letters to Harry by royal mail. Harry was extremely glad to get Hermione's letters in the post. None of his other friends were sending him letters, apparently, despite him sending his owl Hedwig out with letters for them repeatedly when his relatives weren't looking. Hermione could tell from his tone that he was feeling frustrated and hurt, and Hermione could commiserate with that. She knew all too well what it was like to feel isolated with no friends – she had lived it as a Muggle for several years. Harry's relatives weren't happy with him and had locked his school things up under the stairs. Harry was worried about completing his summer homework, which Hermione thought was a very sensible worry to have. They were also suspicious of the letters he kept getting in the post, but because they came through the 'normal' mail, they didn't stop him. Hermione had responded by sending him a small lock-picking kit (her father had been excited to help her choose one for her friend) and a sketch of instructions. She also offered to invite him over for part of the summer, but Harry declined; he didn't think that his relatives would let him go and stay with someone else magical. Hermione also spent her free time between arriving home and when her parents arrived home doing her homework and practicing her magic. She felt confident at casting all the spells contained in the 2nd year spell book now, and she was slowly working her way through the 3rd. She wanted to master them all as soon as she could; trickier and more powerful spells often used the easy spells as building blocks, and she was determined to have her basics down pat. Hermione was careful to keep to the school books she'd purchased at Flourish and Blotts. She'd glanced over a few of the books she'd inherited from Quirrell, and they were Dark. There were many books that were just full of curses or about curse construction from all over the world. There were many on Magical Theory, but at a level much higher than Hermione could grasp. She hadn't explored many more, but she had set aside a couple that looked like they might only skirt the edges of Grey magic. She could read those later, at Hogwarts. She was still partially convinced that something terrible might attack her from within one of Voldemort's books, and she'd much rather that happen at Hogwarts, with a trained Mediwitch in the Hospital wing, so she would stand a chance of surviving such a thing. During this time, Hermione also practiced flying. Flying was hard. Hermione had gotten fairly good at gliding, if she jumped off from something high, and if the winds were right. If a cross-breeze came by, though, Hermione would careen off topsy-turvy, the air elemental inside her wanting to play with the new breeze. If she wanted to just fly up, and not slow a descent, the air elemental would get incredibly excited and try to send her every which way – generally up and another direction, instead of just "up". Any progress she was making was a hard-fought battle, and Hermione found herself frequently frustrated from trying. The worst part was there were no books on this. There were no reference materials she could run to and check and see what she was doing wrong. She had to just muddle through it to figure it out. And she daren't write Snape about it; not only would he be livid at her putting such sensitive information into a letter, but she also desperately wanted to prove to him that she could do it – he'd been so hesitant about teaching her at all. Hermione didn't stop trying, though. The idea of flying was still fantastic and magical to her, in the way muggles meant it, not in the wizarding way. She may have grown quickly disenchanted with brooms, but Hermione desperately wanted to be able to fly on her own. If nothing else, it was helping exercise her magical core – Hermione frequently exhausted her magic practicing, and re-draining whatever little had come back before bed was a matter of levitating her bookcase for seconds now, not minutes. Hermione wondered if her magic would stabilize and become easier to use at some point as she grew older, and if flying would come easier to her then as well. She certainly hoped so. One day, Hermione was editing a manuscript for grammar, but the longer she went on, the more questions she had. She finally paused, going into the stacks and bringing back a reference to check something, before shaking her head and calling over her boss. "Mr. Vitac? Has this one been fact-checked yet?" "Hmm?" Cadmus came over. "Fact-checked?" "This book is contradicting itself, and a lot of the claims it's making aren't possible," she told him. "The timeline is impossible. Did this one skip the fact-checkers first?" Cadmus frowned. "What is it?" "It's called Magical Me," Hermione said. "By someone called Gilderoy-" "-Gilderoy Lockhart," Cadmus said, finishing with her. He looked exasperated for a moment, before he sat down next to her. "...You're Muggle-born, yes?" "My parents are muggles," Hermione said carefully. She hadn't brought the New Blood issue up with anyone at her internship. "Then you are aware of the concepts of 'fiction' and 'non-fiction'," Cadmus said, nodding. "Lockhart's books, even though they are written as if they are memoirs, I would classify as fiction." "Fiction?" Hermione paused. "You're saying they're not true." "I'm saying that the public likes to buy books from a flashy, attractive wizard who they think is a hero," Cadmus said, choosing his words carefully. "The wizarding world doesn't classify books in the same way the muggle world does. Lockhart's books end up next to the exotic werewolf romances, but if the section is classified 'Exciting books', it doesn't mean wizards realize what's true and what's made up." "Exotic werewolf romances?" Hermione's eyes grew wide. Cadmus waved her off. "I've avoided you getting those manuscripts. You're too young. But that's not the point." He gave her a grim grin. "If you present something fictional but plausible as 'non-fiction,' and people don't realize it's made up, some people will believe it." "So no one fact-checked this book," Hermione said, "because it's fictional." "Exactly." He nodded. "But some of the inconsistencies aren't anything to do with the made-up story bits," Hermione argued. "If it's supposed to seem non-fictional, shouldn't we make it better?" Cadmus gave her a wry smile. "I'd rather leave the inconsistencies in there," he told her honestly, a sparkle in his eye. "I'll publish his books because people enjoy them and they sell well, but I'd rather leave clues in that help indicate to people that they're not quite true." He patted her on the head, and Hermione sighed, returning to checking the manuscript. There weren't many grammar slips, but she still felt like something was fundamentally unfair and wrong about purposefully publishing a book that had errors in it. Later, when the manuscript had been sent to the binders, Hermione saw the finished product – and the cover, with a very attractive man grinning at her. His perfect teeth gleamed as he grinned and gave her a roguish wink, and without realizing it, Hermione felt her breath catch. This was the man who had written the book, who was parading around as a hero? Hermione swallowed hard. It hurt to admit to herself that had she not read the book first, before seeing the cover, she would have all too easily believed he was a hero. He looked like a hero who would have dashing adventures. A person looking like that, that attractive, anyone would want to believe the best of all too easily. Though Hermione had managed to admit it to herself, she'd never mention it to anyone else. She made a mental note to endeavor to look past people's looks, and to beware of trying to believe the best of people because she found them attractive. She never wanted to end up tricked by someone's grin and a flirty wink. Another part of her idly noted that if she managed to end up that attractive when she grew up, maybe people would believe her more easily, too. Hermione touched her riotous hair, self-conscious, and scowled. Life was fundamentally unfair. It was a day of hard self-realizations. The entire affair left Hermione in a dark mood the rest of the day.
Hermione's parents came home early one day to find Hermione drawing with chalk in the entry way, candles at the points of a star inside of a circle. Hermione was in a set of robes, a silver knife from the kitchen in the middle of the circle with her, and there was a brief stand-off as her parents stared at her in horror, Hermione staring back in shock. "Mum…" Hermione said weakly. "Dad…" "Hermione." Her mother's tone was polite. "Might we come inside?" Hermione scrambled out of her ritual circle and out of the way, wringing her hands as her parents entered the house, gingerly stepping around the candles. Hermione was mortified, and her parents had to be highly alarmed, she imagined. After the awkward dance around the set-up of the ritual as they entered, her mother insisted on a family discussion in the living room, and Hermione slinked into the room and sunk into a chair. Her mother brought a tea tray, and there was an awkward silence as they all took tea, not looking at each other. "Hermione," her mother said finally, with a sigh. "What were you doing in the entryway?" "Nothing," Hermione muttered. "It was just a protection ritual. I wanted to see if I could get it to work." "A ritual…?" her father said, frowning. "I thought you did magic with your wand. What's all this about rituals?" "Magic used to be done only with rituals," Hermione said, not looking up. "More powerful magic is still done with rituals, sometimes. Wands can't do everything." Her parents exchanged a look. "It's just… Hermione, that symbol has a very different meaning to us than it does to you," her mother said gently. "I know we've never been a religious family, but that symbol generally means-" "It's not demonic," Hermione cut in, with a scowl. "I made sure it was right-side up. It's for protection. Pentacles are only bad if you make them upside-down. I can't believe that you'd think that I would-" "Do not talk to your mother in that tone," her father said sharply, cutting her off. "Hermione, we have been very patient with you with all this magic. We are treating you with respect and as an adult. Do not make us regret that choice." Hermione sunk deeper into the couch, scowling darker, not looking at her parents. She was embarrassed, and angry that she had been so foolish as to have been caught. She'd gotten sloppy, over the summer. If she were in the Slytherin dorms, she'd never have been so careless. Her parents looked at each other again. "Can we see this ritual you were planning on doing?" her father asked. Hermione swallowed hard. "You don't really have a choice," her father said, his voice hard. "Go." Sulking, Hermione went and got the spell book she had been using. It'd been one in the book Snape had given her, luckily – she didn't need her parents seeing some of the horrific ones in the books she'd inherited from Quirrell. Unluckily, it was definitely a blood magic spell – one that the Ministry would definitely classify as Grey at best. "See?" she said, pointing to the drawing of the pentacle on the page. "It's designed to keep bad people who would intend us harm out of the house. That's all." Her parents, to her annoyance, didn't take her at her word; they both insisted on reading the entire ritual, as well as the footnotes and example cases on the next page. They took their time, and Hermione had nothing to do but sit on the couch and wait, jiggling her foot, anxious. "So you wanted to protect the house?" her mother said finally. "Well, that too," Hermione said. "Mostly you." "Us?" her father said, his eyebrows raising. "Um." Hermione looked down, embarrassed. "Yes. You and mum. And me too, I guess. From robbers and burglars and the like. I heard on the telly that there's been a run of burglaries around. And I'd just thought... you know, if bad people can't get in, we'd be safer from that sort of thing." Her parents looked over the ritual again. "This says you need blood to link it to the house," her mother said. "That sounds… unpleasant." Hermione shrugged uncomfortably, trying to minimize the damage. No matter how she spun it, using blood in magic came off as… not good. "The blood links the house to my magic, so the ritual knows what to protect," Hermione said. "It's just an issue of marking the door with my blood, and the circle as well." Her father whistled. "Magic is certainly not what I expected." Hermione bit her tongue. Her mother looked thoughtful for a moment, before her face settled into resolve. "Hermione, you've certainly caught us off-guard, with this little ritual of yours," she said, looking at her daughter. "You should have told us what you wanted to do, and you should have asked." Hermione looked at the floor. "…but," her mother continued, "this is not a bad idea, on the whole. Neither your father not I would object to this magical security system. It might ease our worries, if anything." Hermione's eyes flew to her mother's. "You wouldn't…?" "Why would we?" Her mother shrugged. "So long as the chalk comes off the ground, I don't see an issue with it." "But… even with the blood?" Hermione asked, faltering. "It's messy, but makes some kind of logical sense, really," her dad said, examining the book further. "Here – look, honey, this one says if all the residents put their blood in, they'll get an alert if someone who means them harm tries to enter the home. Everyone part of the same 'bloodline' will be protected." He looked up at her. "'Bloodline'?" "Family," Hermione translated. "Some magical families have very extended ones." "So the magic is tracking our DNA," her father said, looking back to the book. "That's… quite impressive, actually." "We could all do this on Saturday, possibly," her mother told her father. "It looks like this wouldn't take that long, and I'd rather not pay for an electric alarm system if we don't need to." Hermione watched on in astonishment as her parents discussed what would be the best time for them to do a blood magic ritual as a family. A blood magic ritual. It wasn't Dark, sure – no one could deny that wanting to protect your family was definitively a good cause – but it was still blood magic. And her parents were fine with it – just concerned about the possibility of infection, now, her father mentioning how he'd bring some alcohol pads home from work. Her parents were Muggles, she abruptly realized. They had no frame of reference, only what she told them. Hermione had absorbed the biases and opinions of the people around her the previous year, including the cultural condemnation of blood magic as bad. She was the only one concerned with doing semi-forbidden magic – her parents just saw it as "magic", and useful magic at that. And they wanted to help out. Not for the first time, Hermione felt desperate appreciation and love well up inside her for her parents, and she threw herself across the room at them, hugging them tightly, choking back tears. "Hermione-!" Hermione couldn't get out the words she wanted to. There was a jumble of "I'm sorry" and "-thought you would be mad" and "just wanted to help" and "miss you" and "worry about you". To her embarrassment, she started to cry, and her mother pulled her closer and stroked her hair. "Oh, Hermione," she said, petting her hair, gentle, and that just made Hermione cry harder. "It's okay – it's hard to be growing up into a mature young woman, but still be my little girl. It's okay if you're both. It's okay." Hermione felt her embarrassment burning inside of her, but gradually dying out in the face of her mother's comfort. She'd been so embarrassed at being caught, like she was doing something forbidden, but her parents were just disappointed she hadn't trusted them enough to ask permission. She was embarrassed she was crying, and she wasn't even fully sure why she was crying, but she couldn't seem to stop. A little while later, Hermione's sobs subsided to sniffles, and her mother rubbed her hand on her back. "Remember, Hermione," her mother told her, her warm brown eyes holding hers. "You're not in this alone. It must be hard growing up in a magical world so different than our own, but we're here for you, Hermione. You can always confide in us, okay?" Hermione hiccupped. "Okay." Her mother let her off her lap, and Hermione slid off, her face warm. She wiped at her tear tracks, then went to clean up the ritual set up in the entry way under her mother's watchful eye while her father made dinner. Two days later, to Hermione's astonishment, her parents helped her with her ritual. While they couldn't do the magic, her father got out a compass and protractor and helped her make a geometrically-perfect pentacle in the entry way. Her mother got out matching tapers that Hermione didn't even know they had, and she helped put the candles at the appropriate points. When Hermione began the ritual itself, her parents looked alarmed, but they stood dutifully off to the side, watching as Hermione recited the chant and her circle started to glow. She stood and cut her hand and smeared her blood on the door posts of the front door, standing on tiptoe to get above the door too. The blood glowed and was absorbed by the door frame, to her parents' collective astonishment, and Hermione gestured them forward. Both her parents had alcohol wipes, and they wiped their hands to disinfect them before letting Hermione cut their hands with the silver knife. They both winced, and, looking a little ill, wiped their blood on the door frame where Hermione gestured, before kneeling with her, just outside of the circle, all of them smearing their blood in the center of the pentacle together. Hermione looked back to the book, reading the second part of the chant, and there was a feeling of swelling magic in the air, before there was a loud clap of power, the feeling vanished, and all the candles went out. Hermione's parents stared down at the circle. "Is that it?" her mother asked. "Where did the blood go?" her dad wanted to know. Hermione stood, her parents following her lead. "The ritual is over," she said, taking her mother's hand in her own. "The blood's been used by the magic. It's helping protect the house, now. Episkey." "Oh!" Her mother stared at her hand as the cut healed itself, and Hermione moved to her father, who was giving her a look, but looked amused. "This would have been a handy trick to mention before I got the alcohol wipes and bandages ready," he told her. "It would have been," Hermione admitted, face heating, "but I forgot that I could do it. Episkey." Her father's wound healed, and Hermione healed her own hand last, pleased that she couldn't find even the faintest scar. "So what happens now?" he asked, looking down at her. "We wait for a robber?" "Anyone who means us harm will have a difficult time entering the house," Hermione told him. "They'll feel uncomfortable, and suddenly remember something urgent they have to do somewhere else. If they push through, we'll all get a twinge, letting us know the house has been threatened." "Even us?" her mother asked. "We don't have magic." "I think so," Hermione said, biting her lip. "The circle took your blood too, so you're in it, too." "Okay." Her mother sighed. "I hope we never need to use this, but I must admit, Hermione, I feel a little better knowing it's there." Her parents started cleaning up the remains of the circle, and Hermione hurried to help. "Ah… it's probably not best to mention this to other people," Hermione said, delicately. "You know, that we did this spell." Her mother shot her a sharp look. "And why not?" Hermione bit her lip. "I'm not supposed to be doing magic at home," she said honestly. "The other students with magic parents can get away with it, but if anyone asks if we did magic here, it'll be obvious I was breaking the rules." Her parents nodded. "Makes sense," her father said cheerfully. "You're probably not supposed to do magic with non-magical people either, I bet." He shot a wink at her, and Hermione cracked a grin. "Family secret then," he declared. "But Hermione, any other rituals you want to do in the house, let us know and ask us first, okay?" "I will," Hermione agreed immediately. "Good," her mother said. "Now: shall we do Indian for dinner?" Hermione spent the evening warm and happy with her parents over curry, part of her still disbelieving that she'd just done magic with her parents. Her muggle parents. She wondered if anyone had ever attempted to do that spell with muggles before. From the impressions she got in the ritual books, she doubted anyone had ever tried.
While Hermione was enjoying her summer, she noticed that Harry had stopped responding to her letters. Somewhat concerned, Hermione called the number Harry had given her one evening. A polite woman greeted her with "Dursley residence," and Hermione bid her a good evening before asking if she might speak to Harry Potter. There was a gasp, then a loud ruckus in the background, and then a frantic man yelling at her that there was no Harry Potter that lived there, to leave his family alone, and to never speak to him again - before the phone was slammed down, hard. Hermione had stared at her own phone for a long moment, before carefully replacing the receiver in its cradle. That had not been the reaction she expected. Harry not answering her letters was worrying. His relatives denying he lived there was flat-out alarming. Hermione gnawed at her lip, thinking. The first thing she'd need to do would be investigate exactly what was going on. She couldn't make any plans without knowing exactly what she was dealing with. Remembering her lesson from her ritual circle, Hermione approached her parents, suggesting she might visit a friend on Friday evening and return later the next day. "He lives with his family, and he's terribly unhappy there," she said, urging. "He's not allowed to leave, and having a friend there would mean a lot to him." Her parents looked at each other, sharing a weighted look, conversing without a word. "This is Harry Potter?" her mother asked. "Yes," Hermione said. "He lives with his Muggle relatives, who took him in after his parents were killed. They're not fans of magic." "Mister Harry Potter?" her father emphasized, narrowing his eyes. Hermione caught his drift, and her face flared red. "I'm not going to spend the night like that!" Hermione said, horrified. "It's just- I have my internship until late Friday afternoon, and Harry has to do chores the latter half of Saturday, so I thought if I went over after dinner-" "Where will you be staying?" her mother asked, and Hermione's face flamed. "Not in Harry's bedroom, if that's what you're asking!" she declared. "They have- they have another place where I can sleep-" That was true; Harry had mentioned how he'd used to sleep in the cupboard under the stairs. The fact that Hermione didn't intend to sleep in it wasn't something she mentioned. Her parents looked at each other and sighed. "This is very important to you, isn't it?" her mother said. Her eyes looked heavy. "It is," Hermione insisted. "It really is." "Do you have a way to get there and back?" her father asked. "Or are we expected to-" "There's a magic bus I can take," Hermione said. "I can pay the fare from my internship wages easily. It comes at all hours." Her parents exchanged another glance. "You are intending to go this Friday?" her father asked. "In two days?" "Well, yes…" Her mother snorted and stood up, dusting her clothes off, before folding her arms and giving Hermione a look. "You may go," she told her. "Yes!" "-if you come with me," her mother finished. "Right now." Hermione blinked but stood up, obliging. Her father smirked, but Hermione followed her mother. "Where are we going?" Hermione asked. Her mother looked back at her as they climbed the stairs, but she didn't answer. They ended up in her parents' bedroom. Hermione sat on her parents' bed, and to her surprise, her mother sat on the bed as well, folding her legs elegantly. "I trust you," her mother told her, "but you are not going to a boy's house to spend the night without having had this conversation with me." She fixed Hermione with a look, and Hermione's face flamed. "Mum! You've already told me all about sex!" "Yes, but as an abstract, at a high level," her mother told her. "You certainly don't know the specifics yet." "I haven't had my period yet!" Hermione objected, horrified. "I can't even have sex yet!" "See, that right there is why we need to have this conversation," her mother said pointedly. "You certainly can have sex; you're just unlikely to get pregnant. But you certainly have all the necessary anatomy, Hermione." Hermione's face burned red, and she gave a long, exasperated sigh of defeat. "Fine. Hang on." Her mother gave her a quizzical look as Hermione dragged herself to her feet and left the room, returning a moment later with a muggle notebook and a set of colored pens. "Are- are you going to take notes?" her mother said, staring. "Well, if I'm going to want to have sex someday, I may as well be good at it." Hermione opened her notebook, looking at the pens on the coverlet and selecting a green one. "If I write things down, I'll be able to reference my notes someday if I have a question about something, like if I'm at school and you're not readily available." She looked up at her mother, who was watching her with a blank expression. Hermione blinked. "…is that not a good idea?" Hermione asked, gnawing on her lip. Slowly, her mother began to laugh. "Oh, Hermione," she said, reaching over and rustling Hermione's curls. "I love you. Never change." Hermione's face was red when her mother pulled her hand back, but she was able to suppress her embarrassment by firmly putting her mind into academic mode as her mother began to talk about the mechanics of sexual acts, the psychology of attraction, and how avoid getting pregnant or catching a disease, with Hermione taking notes all the while.
The Knight Bus dropped her off two streets over from Privet Drive, so Hermione could walk the rest of the way and not draw attention to herself. She was glad she'd planned ahead with this – the loud BANG of the Knight Bus had to draw attention from Muggles. She had to sit down and let her stomach settle for a few long minutes after she'd gotten off. She had not expected the ride the Knight Bus had given her; if she'd been warned, she certainly wouldn't have eaten supper just before. Hermione walked to Number 4 Privet Drive with a confidence in her step. She had decided against subterfuge and creeping around in the dark, instead deciding that the smartest move was to be out in the open, hiding in plain sight. She was wearing her mother's clothes and heels, a smart skirt and blouse set and pearls, and she had a shoulder bag with her. She'd put heavy makeup on as well, doing her best to look like an adult, or at least, an older teenager – one that might have a part-time job. She was glad she'd nearly finished her growth spurt – the height helped her look less like a child. Hermione knocked smartly on the door, wearing a smile, and waited patiently. It was a Friday evening; she hoped that at least one of Harry's relatives would be home. A moment later, a tall, pinched-looking woman opened the door, narrowing her eyes at her. "Mrs. Petunia Dursley?" Hermione asked. "Yes?" the pinched woman said, eyes narrowing. "Please to meet you." Hermione swept her a short curtsy, more out of habit than anything. "I'm an Avon representative. A Marge Dursley gave me your name and said you might be interested in our new line. Do you have a moment? You can win a free gift for a few minutes of your time." "Oh!" Petunia's face relaxes somewhat, the suspicion clearing. "Ah… yes, yes, come in." "Thank you," Hermione said politely. She entered the house, casually glancing around. "You have a lovely home, Mrs. Dursley." "Thank you," Petunia said automatically. She guided Hermione into the sitting room. "I have the kettle on. I'll just be a moment with tea." Hermione took her time looking around. There were photos of the family on the walls – a fat man, the thin woman, and a very heavy child who reminded Hermione of a shorter version of Goyle. There was no sign on the walls of anyone else living in the home. Petunia returned with a tea kettle, tea bags, and sugar. Hermione settled herself onto a chair and accepted tea gratefully, careful to maintain her sophisticated posture. "Your son?" she inquired, indicating one of the pictures. "Yes." Petunia puffed up. "Dudley. He's our treasure." "He looks very strong," Hermione murmured, nodding. "He's a sports star, I imagine?" "Boxing," Petunia said, nodding. "We've very proud of him." "How charming." Hermione offered her a smile, and Petunia smiled back. Hermione cleared her throat. "Down to business," she said, straightening. "Ah, of course." Petunia put her tea cup down. "My name is Hermione Granger," Hermione said, oddly loudly. She extended her hand. "Pleased to meet you, Mrs. Dursley." "Petunia Dursley," Petunia said, shaking her hand with a twisted smile. "You said Marge recommended me?" "Yes – she said she'd thought you benefit from our new face mask!" Hermione lied, reaching into her bag for a catalog. There was a loud thump from up the stairs, and Hermione paused. Petunia's face had flushed. "Just Dudley," she said, shaking her head. "He does so like to play!" "Of course." Hermione gave her a smile. Hermione went through a sales pitch, talking about Avon and their new products, most of which she knew nothing about. She knew enough, though, to make it sound legitimate, and she had the catalogs to seem like a real agent. She gave Petunia a small eyeshadow palette as her "free gift" (it wasn't even an Avon product – she'd gotten if off the clearance rack at a drug store), and Petunia seemed happy enough. About half an hour later, Hermione let an embarrassed expression cross her face. "Ah, I'm afraid your tea has gone right through me," she said, standing. "Might I use your restroom? I'll just leave these catalogs here for you to look through." Petunia looked alarmed at this, conflict crashing in her eyes. "It's upstairs and to the left," she said finally. "Dudley might be watching TV and playing very loudly, though. Just ignore him – he's a growing boy." "Of course," Hermione said amicably. She headed up the stairs, an eye on Petunia as she poured over the catalogs. Once she was confident that Petunia was not following her up the stairs, she quickly darted to the right, to where she had heard the thump from. Around the bend, she found door with a large lock on it and a cat flap. There was an empty plate outside of the cat flap, and Hermione's heart sank as she darted to the door, falling to her knees. "Harry? Harry!" she hissed, pushing the flap open. "Hermione?" Harry's face appeared along the ground, and Hermione gasped. "They've locked you in?" she asked, aghast. "They don't let me out," Harry told her bleakly. "They never plan on letting me out. Ever. Not even to go back to Hogwarts." Hermione felt sick to her stomach. "Don't worry," she told him. "I'll get you out of here." "Don't!" Harry begged. "You can't use magic – I've already gotten a warning letter about it. I don't want to be expelled!" Hermione paused, then nodded. "I'll come back tonight," she told him decisively. "Be ready to go." Hermione didn't give him a chance to answer, just hurrying to the other end of the hall to flush the toilet and wash her hands, before going back down the stairs. "That's much better," she said, giving Petunia what she thought of as an adult smile. "Now, have you found anything you like, Mrs. Dursley?" To her surprise, she had, and Hermione filled out an actual order form for Petunia right there. She took her payment check and handed her a receipt automatically. "Your purchases should arrive in a few short weeks," she told her. "Thank you so much for your time! I just know you'll be pleased with what you've bought." Petunia said something meaningless back, while Hermione was still internally boggled. She wasn't even quite sure what to do with an actual order – her mother had been handling the Muggle side of being an Avon representative for her while she was at school. After Hermione had left and Petunia had closed the door behind her, Hermione darted behind the large bushes quickly, kicking off her shoes. She pulled off her dress to reveal a black shirt, and she hurriedly wiggled into her black denims. Hopefully in the setting summer sun, no one would be able to see her in the shadows. She was just tying her trainers and shoving her dress into her bag when a large boy waddled up the walk, whistling. Hermione recognized him immediately as the boy from the pictures, and she scowled. No wonder Harry was so skinny – Dudley was clearly eating his food, too. Dudley went into the house, and Hermione sat for a long moment, considering her options. She snuck around the back of the house, looking around. Once the sun had set a bit more, she carefully pulled on her power, the air elemental inside her leaping up with glee. She carefully flew herself up the side of the house, banging into the wall repeatedly – it was still very hard to go just up. To her horror, Harry's window had bars. "This is barbaric!" Hermione exclaimed, and Harry came running to the window. "Hermione!" he said. He paused. "…are you flying?" Hermione abruptly realized that this could be very bad. "Yes, of course," she said, angling her feet out of sight. "How else would I get up here? I borrowed a broomstick." Harry looked quizzical. "I thought you hated flying," he said. "Oh, Harry!" she said. "I'm not going to let a little thing like not liking broomsticks stop me from helping my friend!" She examined the bars in the window, being careful to keep her feet from Harry's view, far below the window. Let him think she was standing on a hovering broomstick. She almost wished she was – she was proud she was actually managing to hover, but she kept jerking around a bit erratically. Hermione sighed. At least it'd be consistent with her image of being bad at broomstick-riding. "I'm going to go get backup," Hermione said finally. "I'll be back later. Be ready to leave tonight." The hope on Harry's face broke her heart, and Hermione gave him a determined smile as she lowered herself to the ground – falling the last six feet and crashing against the wall. "Ow!" With a sigh, Hermione hurried around the house, walked two blocks away, and threw out her wand hand. A moment later, a large purple bus appeared with a BANG, swerved around a car, and stopped short. "Welcome to the Knight Bus!" the conductor announced. "Transportation for the- hey, weren't you on here earlier?" "I was," Hermione said, mounting the stairs of the bus. "I need another ride." "Alright," the conductor said amicably. "It's another fare, though. Where you wanna go?" "Ottery St. Catchpole." Hermione sighed. "I need to go to the Burrow."
Hermione, unlike many of her peers, had a healthy respect for most grown-ups. If nothing else, grown-ups were more powerful than her, and they could get things done much easier than she could, especially in legal matters. So Hermione always considered the "ask an adult" option when a problem presented itself. She knew better than to get in over her head without knowing exactly what she was diving into, and having an adult deal with complicated, tangled matters was far more efficient than attempting to do it herself. And with Harry locked up like he was, the situation so much worse than she had ever expected, "ask an adult for help" seemed to be the fastest way to get Harry out. So when Hermione knocked on the door of the Burrow, she was prepared to meet the Weasley parents. She knew from Ron that his father worked at the Ministry, and she hoped that Ron (or one of the twins) would be willing to introduce her. From there, she could tell Mr. Weasley what the Muggles had done to Harry, and they could figure out a plan of action of how to get him removed from the household immediately - she didn't think the Ministry would be okay with the Boy-Who-Lived being locked up like a caged zoo exhibit for sadistic muggles. What happened instead was one of the twins throwing open the door, staring at Hermione, and then grabbing her and abruptly yanking her inside. "Wha-?!" Her yelp was abruptly cut off by the twin's hand covering her mouth. She glared at him, but he hurried up the stairs, half-dragging her, where the other twin was waiting and staring at her. "Who is it, Fred?" a woman called. "No one, Mum!" the other twin called. "Must have been a prank or a gnome!" The woman muttered something, but Hermione couldn't make out what she said as the twins had grabbed her and dragged her up the stairs. Before she knew it, she'd been pushed into a room and onto a bed, and one of the twins had vanished, only to return a moment later with Ron, whose eyes grew wide. "Hermione-?" "Ron," Hermione said, raising an eyebrow and looking up at him. "Lovely to see you again." The sarcasm was heavy in her tone, and Ron scowled. "What're you doing here?" he demanded. "I didn't invite you." "Lovely decorations," Hermione commented, deliberately ignoring Ron as she looked around, nonplussed. "I presume this is the twins' room...?" "Yes, yes, it's all lovely, we're pleased to have you," Fred said. "Now: pleasantries aside – you're here because of Harry, aren't you?" Hermione was surprised to see anxious and concerned looks on all their faces, and she nodded slowly. "I- I hadn't gotten letters from Harry for a while, so I went over to go and check on him, posing as a Muggle," she told them. The twins nodded, looking impressed. "Smart. Collect the information-" "-without them knowing you're after it." "Very Slytherin," they chorused, their eyes pinned to her. Hermione felt uncomfortable. "And?" Ron asked, his voice worried. "Did you find Harry?" "I did." Hermione bit her lip. "It- it's awful. They've got him locked up in his room with a giant lock and bolt on the outside. They've been passing him food through a cat flap in the door. There are even bars in his window, so he can't escape. I don't even know what he does to go to the bathroom. But they've made his room into a prison, and they don't plan on ever letting him out!" The boys all gasped. "We need to do something," Fred said decisively. "We'll do it tonight." "We'll break him out," George said. He looked at Hermione. "We were afraid we'd have to do something like this." "He hasn't responded to any of my letters," Ron complained. "At first, I was just peeved, but then he kept not responding. It's not very Harry-like, is it? I must have invited him to come stay half a dozen times…" Hermione blinked. "Harry never got your letters," she told him. "He said no one except me was writing to him. He was rather peeved about it, actually." Ron looked surprised. "How come he got your letters, and not mine?" he wanted to know. Hermione considered. "I sent mine through the Muggle post," she told him. "If someone was stopping Harry's mail, they might have only thought to stop the owls coming through." Fred and George exchanged a dark look. "We have to save him," Fred said decisively. "We'll rescue him," George added. "However necessary." "Rescue him?" Hermione objected. "I'd thought- we could tell your father, and he could have Harry removed-" "Dad's not likely to have that kind of clout at the Ministry," George said, cutting her off. "Sure, he could file an appeal, but it'd take ages to get up to someone who really mattered." "And in that time, Harry could starve to death," Fred said pleasantly. "It's practically our moral obligation to rescue him, you know." Hermione bit her lip. She'd planned on going through the Ministry channels, but… if they could just rescue him, it's not like the Muggles would really object, was it? "We'll have to do it tonight," Hermione told them. "It's awful, what they're doing to him, and I told him I'd go back for him." "Then," Fred intoned gravely, "we will need to plot." Plotting was apparently A Thing™ with the Weasley twins, and there was a bit of a ritual involved. First, the twins hung a sign on their door and firmly locked it, with no fewer than five different locks and bolts. Next, they draped a gauzy cloth across the doorway that Hermione suspected was enchanted with anti-eavesdropping spells. Lastly, they all sat on the bed in a circle, legs folded under them. Ron sat in the circle too, and to her surprise, Hermione was dragged in as well, made to fold her legs and sit on the far edge of the bed nearest Fred. It was clear she'd somehow become part of the scheme without meaning to. Ron appeared to have forgiven her for her part in him getting detention at the end of the previous year in the light of them joining together to save Harry. Hermione wondered if it was easier for him to forget she was in Slytherin when she wasn't wearing a green tie. They all sat on the bed, brainstorming, trying to think of ways to save Harry. The brainstorming was ridiculous. The insight into the Gryffindor mindset was as amusing as it was alarming - their plans all seemed to be very direct, aggressive, and fearless. The boys seemed convinced the best way to save Harry would be to charge into the house, duel the Muggles, and break him out. The twins were determined that Harry's aunt and uncle needed to pay for what they had done to Harry, and their eyes were fierce as they ominously described all the horrors they would inflict upon the hapless Muggles. Ron was flourishing his own wand, declaring how he'd dodge Harry's cousin's dangerous metal Muggle wand while hitting him with a Leg-Locker Curse before disarming him, and it took Hermione a solid moment to mentally translate that and catch up. "I don't think Dudley Dursley will have a gun," Hermione said finally. "Guns aren't common amongst Muggles in England. Especially not among twelve year-olds." "Even easier, then!" Ron declared. "I'll be able to take him down, no problem!" Hermione pinched the bridge of her nose. "We can't just go in, wands blazing," she said loudly. "It's a Muggle neighborhood – the Ministry would be alerted of any magic use, and they'd catch us for being underage and out of school. We need to rescue him without the Muggles realizing." The twins froze and straightened. "You mean, like a covert ops mission," George said, his voice a whisper. "Like we're spies," Fred added, his eyes flashing. Hermione stared at them. "…yes," she said finally. "Like we're spies. In and out, without anyone knowing." Declaring that they had to rescue Harry as a spy mission seemed to do the trick, setting the twins' imaginations alight, and they started brainstorming ways to rescue Harry without anyone knowing. The idea generation went on for a while as they considered idea after idea, each dismissed as either too dangerous or too risky. At one point, Hermione suggested they go on broomstick with an acetylene torch to cut through the bars on Harry's window and then escape with Harry on broomstick, but Ron shot that one down. "We'll have to carry all Harry's stuff with us, and you can't carry a trunk on a broomstick without shrinking it down," Ron pointed out. "Plus, we might be seen – broomsticks aren't invisible to Muggles." "What's an acetylene torch?" Fred wanted to know. "It cuts through metal?" "Flying's a good idea, though," Ron mused. He looked thoughtful. He turned to his brothers. "We could take the car, if one of us could drive it. We could use rope and just pull the bars out." "A car?" Hermione said. "It'd take us all night to get there. The Knight Bus would be faster." "The car flies," Fred explained brightly. "Dad enchanted it." Hermione stared at him. "…I'm pretty sure that's illegal." George shrugged. "Then we don't get caught," he said, eyes dancing. "Isn't that the unofficial Slytherin motto or something?" It was, actually - it was Unofficial House Rule #2, and one of the first things she had learned in Slytherin. Hermione flushed, and the twins laughed. "That could work, but we'd need to leave soon," Fred said. "If we left as soon as Mum and Dad went to bed, we could rescue Harry and be back by morning. And then it would just be, 'Mum, look who turned up in the night!' and she'd be so pleased to see Harry she wouldn't ask questions about how he'd arrived." Hermione stared. "Your mother," she said, incredulous, "would be that laid-back about a child abruptly appearing at her house?" "Well, it'd be Harry." Ron shrugged. "Mum likes Harry. I wrote to him ages ago to invite him over, but never got an answer." "So it's at least plausible that the Muggles would have let him come over," Fred pointed out. "Maybe they sent him in the dead of night." "Less traffic that way," George said, nodding wisely. "Less risk of Harry getting run over by vehicles and velocipedes." That was definitely not how traffic worked... but now really wasn't the time to address that mess of Muggle misunderstanding. Hermione but her lip, mentally reviewing the plan. Flying to Harry's in the dead of night in an illegal, invisible car seemed ill-advised, but it could work - and they could escape with Harry, tucked away in the back seat. If they didn't get caught by the authorities, there wouldn't be a problem, and Harry would be free, and if the car really could turn invisible, that risk seemed minimal. They were much more likely to be caught by the Weasley parents upon their return, but Hermione wasn't about to point that out - she wouldn't have to suffer their displeasure, really, and Harry would be free by then. Hermione sat up and squared her shoulders, decision made. "When do we leave?" she asked. Her eyes were determined. The twins' faces split into identical grins, and George crept silently out of the room, returning a few moments later, excitement dancing in his eyes. "Now," he told them. "Let's go."
CW: Mention of teenage sexuality The car was an old Ford Anglia, and Hermione stared. "We'll have to cram in the back, once we get Harry, unless someone wants to ride in the boot," she commented. Fred shrugged. "Does it matter?" It didn't, really, and she piled in with the rest of them. Fred started the car, hit the Invisibility Booster, hit something else, and the car lifted into the air. The ride was jerky and somewhat erratic, but the car dutifully drove up high into the sky. Hermione pointed out the most direct way to Privet Drive, and Fred took off in that direction, the car sputtering a bit and dipping for a moment before smoothing out. Hermione kept her door unlocked in case the car's flight failed and she needed to bail - she'd face better chances in gliding or flying down herself than she would trapped in a car plummeting out of the sky to certain doom. The journey was surprisingly fun, though. The Weasley twins didn't seem to give a damn that she was in Slytherin, and they let her know it, to Ron's consternation. "Anyone who shows up a Malfoy is okay in our books," George told her cheerfully. "Everyone heard how you beat his marks." Hermione flushed. She was glad she'd come in first in her year, but it hadn't been like she'd been purposefully trying to show up Draco. "All Slytherins can't be bad," Fred said. "We have some good ones in Gryffindor, but some real drips as well. Figures that Slytherin has some baby Death Eaters but has some normal kids as well." Hermione didn't know where to even begin addressing that, so she stayed silent. The twins began to chatter about their plans for pranks the next year – a large amount focusing on Professor Snape. As funny as it might be to think of talking bottles of shampoo following her head of house around, Hermione felt traitorous laughing, and she felt compelled to speak up. "I'd really advise against that," she said. "Of all the teachers, Professor Snape is the most likely to take it personally and seek revenge. He'd make the rest of your Hogwarts years miserable." George raised an eyebrow at her. "You think? He's still a teacher – you think he'd go after a couple of students?" "Teacher or not, he's still a Slytherin," Hermione pointed out. "You'd be better off targeting the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor – at least that way, you know they'll be gone after a year, so their revenge can't last all that long." The twins considered, and then grinned. "Why not?" the chorused, and they began murmuring about new potential prank ideas. The rest of the drive passed rapidly, and Hermione saw Privet Drive approaching. "There!" she hissed, pointing down. "That's his house. Pull into the back!" Ron rolled his window down as Fred carefully moved the car level with Harry's window. Hermione dug in her pack. "Harry! Harry!" "Ron! Ron, how did you- what the-?" Hermione let out a breath of relief – Harry was still okay. "All right, Harry?" George asked. "Hermione said you didn't get my letters," Ron said. "Is that true?" "Hermione is with you? Yeah – a House Elf was stopping all my mail. But what is-" "We will catch up later," Hermione announced firmly. "Ron, take this, and wedge it into the bars." She handed him a very small grappling hook. Ron stared at it, but he handed it to Harry, who took it through the bars. "Tap it with your wand, Harry," she told him. "It's removing a spell, not casting one – it won't ping on the Ministry's system as magic." Harry dutifully tapped it, and he suppressed a yelp as the grappling hook resized itself, wedging itself firmly into the bars. "Here," she said, handing the rope to Fred and George, who tightened their hands on it. "Go." Revving the car, Fred drove the car straight up, and with a loud crunching noise, the bars were pulled clean out of the window. Ron laughed in triumph, and Hermione could see Harry at the window, looking up at them in awe. "Pull that in," Hermione told Ron, and Ron shot her an annoyed look but listened, hoisting the bars into the back seat. "Pop the boot open," Hermione instructed Fred. "We'll need the room for his trunk." "The boot?" "Oh, honestly!" Hermione climbed into the front seat, almost sitting on George's lap, and reached over, pulling the release. The boot popped open, and she gave Fred a smug look. Fred looked surprised. "I don't think I knew that was there," he told her. "Neat!" He backed the car up to the window, and Harry pushed out his trunk and into the boot of the car. Once it was firmly stored, Harry closed the boot as quietly as he could, but it still made a distinctive clunk as it shut, and Harry froze. "I can hear Uncle Vernon!" he hissed. "Then we'll hurry," Ron said. "Fred, turn the car!" The car turned to line up a back door with Harry's window. Harry passed Hedwig's cage through to Ron, before carefully climbing into the window and perching on the sill, looking unsure. Hermione felt a bolt of fear, imagining Harry slipping and falling two stories into the bushes below. "Come on!" Ron urged, holding out his hand, and with a deep breath, Harry took it, leaping into the car. He managed to get in about halfway, scrambling and climbing into the car the rest of the way, Ron pulling him, and Ron crowed in triumph once Harry was safely in, Harry laughing in relief. "We did it!" "We did it!" "We're being too loud," Hermione said urgently. "Fred, we need to get out of here, stat!" Fred revved the engine and hit the Invisibility Booster again, and the car took off into the sky. Harry was laughing, Ron was grinning, and the twins were cheering. Seeing Harry's expression of relief, even Hermione managed a smile. "You did it!" Harry said. "I about fell over when I heard you in the house today, Hermione. How did you manage to get Aunt Petunia to let you in?" "You were in Harry's house?" Ron said, goggling. "I told you that," Hermione said, shooting an indignant look at Ron. "I posed as an Avon lady," she told Harry. "I wore my mother's clothes and too much makeup. I said your Aunt Marge recommended Aunt Petunia to me, to make her think I was legitimate." "How did you know about Aunt Marge?" Harry said, baffled. "Oh, honestly, Harry," Hermione said with a sigh. "Do you think no one listens when you talk? You mentioned her and her dogs to Hagrid, when he was talking about Fang before." Harry looked surprised that someone would remember something he'd mentioned months ago. Ron was giving Hermione a suspicious look, and Hermione rolled her eyes. "Do you just remember everything?" Ron asked. His voice wasn't quite demanding, but it was close. "Do you just forget everything as a default?" Hermione shot back, and the twins laughed. "Oh, we like you, Miss Slytherin," Fred declared, spinning the wheel as he recognized a landmark. "You've got moxie." "We're keeping you," George said, grinning down at her. "We are not," Ron objected, outraged. "She helped rescue Harry. That's it." "Nuh-uh," the twins chorused. Fred shot a jaunty grin backwards at Ron, and George pulled Hermione closer, arms wrapped around her waist as he smirked at Ron. "Finders keepers." "I would hardly say you found me," Hermione objected. "I came knocking at your door." "Well, we have you now," George said reasonably. His eyes sparkled. "And isn't possession nine-tenths of the law?" Hermione couldn't help but laugh. Harry looked confused but happy. "Hermione came to your house?" he asked Ron. "What happened?" "Yeah! She showed up and told us what the awful Muggles were doing to you. We came up with a daring escape plan-" Ron detailed all their previous plans to Harry, who listened with a grin. Hermione smiled softly, relieved just to see that her friend was okay. She shifted slightly, provoking a grunt from George, before she stopped. She'd dived into the front seat to help pop the trunk open, and had then been awkwardly sitting on the center glove box while they saved Harry. George had pulled her into his lap to fluster Ron, and she'd just kind of let him. But that now meant she was sitting on his lap… and his arms will still around her waist. Hermione turned and looked down at George, who was grinning up at her. "I can fit in the backseat in the middle, if you let me go," she told him primly. "Nothing doing," George said jauntily. "I caught you…" He squeezed his arms a bit tighter. "…so now you're mine." "This is entirely inappropriate," Hermione told him, giving him a dark look. "Oh?" George's eyes were wide and innocent. "Did you think I was an appropriate sort of fellow?" Scowling, Hermione set about freeing herself from George's arms, grabbing one and slowly pulling it off herself, only to have George clutch her tighter with the other one. She huffed and tried to hold one open while prying the other off but found she couldn't – his arm would escape and wrap back around her. She squirmed, trying to wriggle out from his arms overtop of them, but that didn't work either – it only got George grabbing onto her in a more uncomfortable way. Fred was laughing as Hermione fought to free herself, and eventually she gave up with a huff, sliding back into George's lap and shifting around slightly, trying to find her balance. "What are you doing now?" "Getting comfortable," she informed him. "If I'm doomed to staying here, I'm going to make sure it's at least an enjoyable ride." "Is that what you were doing?" George's voice was lower, unheard by Ron and Harry in the back seat, who were discussing something about a House Elf. "I thought you were being entirely inappropriate with me." "By trying to escape?" Hermione said incredulous. "By trying to seduce me." Hermione whirled around, shifting to stare at him. His eyes were dark, and there was a sort of glint in them there wasn't before. "How, pray tell-" Hermione began. "You have been squirming in my lap and grinding your bottom into my parts for several minutes now," George told her pleasantly, but his eyes were still dark, his pupils blown out. "Generally, when a lady grinds her hips into your bits, it's an indication she's ready to be entirely inappropriate." Hermione stared at him. She had no idea what to say. "I- you-" George waved a hand, cutting her off. "I'm not saying I think you're propositioning me," he said. "It's more a warning – you keep at that, and you're likely to feel something you didn't intend to feel." Hermione's face colored. "If you just let me go, this wouldn't be an issue," she hissed. George smirked, and Fred laughed. "I reckon it's not an issue for him," Fred said, shooting her a grin. "Sitting with a pretty bird on his lap? That sounds like a good time. He's mentioning it for your comfort, Miss Slytherin. I doubt they do much fooling around down in the dungeons. Too scandalous." "I'm twelve," Hermione said, horror in her voice. "Yeah? We're fourteen," George said, shrugging. "So?" "So… that's very young," Hermione said, faltering. "Old enough," Fred said. "Mind you, it'd be a bit different if you were sitting on, say, Bill's lap, and you got a reaction. But a teenage boy liking a pretty girl on his lap, who's not very much younger than him?" "That sounds pretty normal to me," George agreed. Hermione stared at them. She felt lost. "Who's Bill?" "Bill's our oldest brother," Fred told her. "Professional Cursebreaker for Gringotts." "Ah," Hermione said. "I see." She lapsed into silence, then, letting the twins join in the conversation with Ron and Harry – apparently, a House Elf had attacked Harry's family with a cake of some sort. She let the chatter wash over her as she relaxed in George's hold, putting her head on his shoulder after a while, almost dozing with her thoughts. It made sense, Hermione supposed. It was roughly the same in the Muggle world. Some girls in her year at Muggle school would undoubtedly have boyfriends by now, and some of them would be a little older than them. She'd heard of the older boys at schools dating younger girls, which made sense; guys matured later and got interested in girls after the girls had matured. Fourteen to twelve wasn't a large gap, now that she considered it. Especially because she was only two months from being thirteen. She didn't feel interested in that sort of thing yet, though, she reflected. She liked it when Anthony and Blaise flirted with her, but she enjoyed the attention and liked to look at them – it wasn't a serious sort of interest, not yet. She wondered why she was maturing later than the others – Pansy and Daphne had already seemed interested in boys at the start of last year. And Hermione had just felt uncomfortable at the thought of George being interested in her in that way. At least he hadn't been serious. From what she understood about male puberty, any girl around his age sitting in his lap would be enough to provoke a reaction. She was jolted from her thoughts by the car touching down outside the house. Dawn was just beginning to creep over the horizon. She clambered out of the car with the others, George helping set her down on the ground with a wink. Harry dragged her grappling hook out of the car with him, still caught in the window bars, and Hermione discreetly shrunk it and shoved the whole thing in her bag. "Now, we'll go upstairs really quietly," said Fred, "and wait for Mum to call us for breakfast. Then, Ron, you come bounding downstairs going, 'Mum, look who turned up in the night!' and she'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car." Hermione wondered what she was expected to do. Hide in the twins' room until there was a chance for a quick escape? "Right," said Ron. "Come on, Harry, I sleep at the– at the top-" Ron's pallor had changed, his eyes staring behind the others. They whirled around. A short, plump woman who could only be Mrs. Weasley was marching across the yard, her face one of fury. "Ah," said Fred. "Oh, dear," said George. Hermione winced, and the yelling began.
Mrs. Weasley yelled what seemed like hours, but it was actually only a quarter of an hour or so, judging by Hermione's watch. Hermione and Harry stood there awkwardly, exchanging glances, while Mrs. Weasley hollered at her sons. She kept going – beds empty, no note, car gone, never had trouble like this before – and whenever one of her sons tried to defend himself, Mrs. Weasley would seem to gain steam and start in again, and the objecting son would cower. By the time it was over, Mrs. Weasley had shouted herself hoarse. She turned to Harry and Hermione, both of whom took an instinctive step back. "I'm very pleased to see you, Harry, dear," she said. "Come in and have some breakfast." Harry looked incredibly relieved and scampered after Ron. Mrs. Weasley stood in the yard looking at Hermione, who looked back at her. "You must be Hermione," she said finally. There was a note in her tone Hermione didn't like, and Hermione drew herself up, folding her arms. "I am," she said, holding her chin up. Mrs. Weasley regarded her for another long moment, before giving a long sigh. "You might as well come in," she said. "There's enough breakfast for everyone." She turned and went back into the house. Hermione glanced at the twins, who nodded encouragingly, and, without a better option available, followed Mrs. Weasley into the house. The house was nothing like what Hermione would have expected a Pureblood house to look. The clock on the opposite wall spun more like a compass, pointing to things like Time to make tea, Time to feed the chickens, and You're late. There were assorted spellbooks around the house haphazardly, but they were ones like Charm Your Own Cheese. The ceilings in the house seemed kind of low, and if she wasn't mistaken, there was a broom sweeping the entry way on its own. It was quaint and charming, and nothing like what Hermione had imagined a magical household to be like. She'd been expecting grand manors, really, but upon reflection, the inside of the Burrow looked exactly like the outside – odd, quirky, obviously magical, but not without its own homey charm. Perhaps her expectations had been overly influenced from the descriptions she'd heard from her Slytherin classmates, bragging about their own grand stately homes all the time. "Your home is lovely, Mrs. Weasley." Mrs. Weasley turned from her place at the frying pan and raised an eyebrow, her face tightening. "Don't you give me that," she said, her voice angry. "No! I'm being sincere!" Hermione said quickly, holding her hands up to appease her. "Honestly. I've never been in a magical household before, and this is lovely. Everything is so warm and happy here. It's as if the love your family has permeates the entire place." "Oh." Mrs. Weasley's face softened at that, her cheeks reddening. "Well, thank you, then." She brought over a veritable feast of eggs, sausages, and bacon, and everyone began to eat. Chatter focused around Harry and his adventure with the House Elf, which Hermione found odd. The House Elf itself sounded odd – and did all elves have names like Dobby? She was disturbed by Harry's account of the elf punishing itself. None of the Hogwarts elves had ever done anything like that that she had seen or heard of. Were privately-owned elves abused? Conversation turned away from Harry, who looked grateful for the chance to stop talking and eat his food, and settled onto Hermione instead. "I thought you were in Slytherin, Hermione, dear," Mrs. Weasley said. "How is it you've never been in a magical household?" Her casual question somehow sounded like a challenge. Hermione swallowed her eggs. "I am in Slytherin," she told her. "And my parents are muggles." Mrs. Weasley looked politely confused. "You're presuming all Slytherins have magical parents," Hermione said, her tone patient. "While most people in Slytherin are purebloods, not all of them are." Mrs. Weasley's eyebrows raised. "Well, you must be having a rough go of it," she said, but her tone didn't seem quite as sympathetic as her words. "A Muggle-born in Slytherin..." "I manage just fine," Hermione said, stabbing her eggs with her fork. "Slytherin is the house of the ambitious, and it was the best fit for me." "Still," Mrs. Weasley said, giving her a condescending smile. "Slytherin is notorious for its emphasis on blood purity. I can't imagine someone of your... parentage, being well-accepted there." "I'm well aware of it, Mrs. Weasley," Hermione said sharply. "I was captured and tortured last year for my dirty blood by my own house mates. I know exactly how important blood purity is in Slytherin." Mrs. Weasley froze. …as did Harry, Ron, Fred, and George. A table full of large eyes turned to her, staring, and Hermione winced. "…I'd ask you to please not repeat that to anyone," Hermione said quietly. "Slytherin in-fighting is kept strictly within the house. If others found out I told anyone…" "If they bully you for just not being pureblood…" Fred said, looking ill. "…it would probably be very bad," George said, greenish. Hermione nodded, shuddering as she remembered that night, helpless on the floor, cutting charms slicing through her skin. "Very bad," she agreed. There was a heavy silence as Mrs. Weasley bustled around, finally sliding into her own chair. "Well!" she said. "We Weasleys certainly know how to keep secrets. Right, boys?" The glare she fixed her sons with was piercing, and all three of them cowered. "Right," Ron said quickly. "We won't tell a soul." "We won't even tell things without a soul," Fred added. "Not a word to anyone or anything," George said, nodding. "Not even the dinner plates." "Or the walls-" "Or the chairs-" "Or the beds-" Mrs. Weasley shot the twins a sharp look, and they stopped, acting like they had been calmly eating their breakfast the entire time, before Fred struck up a conversation with Ron about Quidditch. It was painfully obvious that it was a topic change, but the entire mood in the room seemed to relax as a result. Hermione relaxed and returned to her plate, only to find Harry glaring at her, having moved his chair right up next to hers. "You were tortured?" he hissed. "How come you never told me?" His green eyes looked betrayed, and Hermione bit her lip. "There wasn't anything you could do," she told him quietly. "It would have just made you mad, and I was worried you might run off and do something foolish and get yourself in trouble." Harry frowned. "Why would you have thought that?" he asked, looking at her sideways. "Why would you think I would want to do something? I might gripe, but it's not like I openly object to other people's punishments." Hermione winced, and Harry's green eyes seemed to catch fire, growing the color of acid, almost radioactive. "They weren't punished, were they," Harry breathed. It was not a question. "No," Hermione admitted. "They were not." Harry remained very quiet for a long moment. Hermione sat very still. "We are not done talking about this, Hermione," he told her finally. "But not here. Not now." Hermione let out a breath of air she hadn't realized she had been holding. She looked away from Harry, refocusing on the table at large. "We'll go in a week or two," Mrs. Weasley was saying. "I know Ginny is excited to get her wand." "Why can't we go now?" Ron whined. "There's a new Nimbus model out I want to see, and surely it's better to beat the back-to-school rush?" "We're part of that rush, Ronald," Mrs. Weasley said in exasperation. "And you haven't even gotten your school letters yet. How do you expect us to go shopping if you haven't gotten your booklist yet?" Ron blinked. "Oh." "Oh," Fred imitated, blinking stupidly. "Oh," George said in a falsetto, crossing his eyes as he blinked, and Hermione had to stifle a laugh. Ron glared at his brothers, who got up from the table. "Blimey, I'm tired," yawned Fred. "I think I'll go to bed and–" "You will not," snapped Mrs. Weasley. "It's your own fault you've been up all night. You're going to de-gnome the garden for me; they're getting completely out of hand again–" "Oh, Mum–" "And you two," she said, glaring at Ron and George. "You two can go up to bed," she added to Harry and Hermione. "Hermione, Ginny's room is the one on the third floor with the sign. Harry–" "I'll help Ron," Harry said quickly. "I've never seen a de-gnoming." "I'm just going to head home, Mrs. Weasley," Hermione said, standing. "My parents are expecting me back at some point this morning, and I still have loads of homework to finish before the school year starts." Harry choked, and Hermione's eyes darted to him in alarm until she realized he was trying not to laugh. Hermione's cheeks colored at the obviousness of her lie, but Mrs. Weasley didn't seem to notice. "Very responsible of you," she said, nodding. "Well, the boys can walk you out to the street. You took the Knight Bus, I presume?" There was a rustle, and a quick game of "Broom, Bludger, Snitch" determined that Fred would walk Hermione to the road while the others went around back to start on the de-gnoming. Fred looked very satisfied by this outcome, while Ron looked sulky. Hermione suspected he really didn't want to de-gnome the garden; it wasn't like Ron actually enjoyed her company. Hermione grabbed her bag and slung it over her shoulder, wincing slightly at the weight. She said her good-byes, and she and Fred set off. The Burrow was set back quite far from the road, Hermione noticed. She supposed when one didn't drive a car normally, such a long drive didn't really matter. Apparition and the Floo Network made such things moot. "You're a good planner," Fred remarked casually, interrupting Hermione's thoughts. "That plan to rescue Harry was well done. We worked well together." Hermione looked up at him. "…I didn't plan anything," she said. "That was you all. Suggesting the magic car, the rope." "You were the one who cased the place beforehand. You were also the one who suggested a covert mission," Fred pointed out. "You also just happened to have a grappling hook on hand. A grappling hook." Hermione didn't really have a response for that. She'd brought her entire dungeoneering pack, after all, not knowing what she might need. "…and?" she said finally, looking at the weeds growing between the road and the Weasley's drive. "Planning that sort of plan is a skill that most people don't have," Fred told her. He put a hand on her shoulder, and she looked up at him. His face broke into a small grin, and his eyes sparkled. "That's the sort of planning ingenuity it takes," he said, "to be a brilliant prankster." Hermione laughed. "I'm a Slytherin, remember Fred?" she told him, batting away his hand. "As I remember it, you prank Slytherins almost exclusively. And I'm not about to get into a prank war with you." Fred shrugged, uncaring. "Maybe George and I should move on to new targets, then." Hermione threw out her wand hand, and with a loud BANG the Knight Bus appeared. She shifted her bag over her shoulder, suddenly feeling the full depth of her fatigue, and Fred steadied her as she climbed onto the bus. "Just think about it, Granger!" he called after her, waving with a grin. "We could do great things together!" Hermione rolled her eyes, turning to the conductor, who looked at her quizzically. "Don't I know you?" he said. Hermione ignored his query. She gave him her address, then paused. "No hurry," she said, handing over her sickles. "Actually, I can get there last. I'd like to get one of the beds, please."
Napping for an hour and a half on the Knight Bus made a world of difference. With some rest, Hermione was able to mind her temper and her emotions much better; she knew she'd been irritable and not very well-behaved at the Weasley's, and she was somewhat embarrassed by the fact. She wasn't proud of snapping at Mrs. Weasley and letting a secret slip in her anger; it was very unbecoming of a Slytherin, to be so careless. And with a brief nap, Hermione was able to fake being well-rested and fully-functional in front of her parents, who wanted to know all about her sleep-over. Hermione could tell they were fishing, so she was careful with her words. "Harry's cousin is horrible," she told them honestly. "He used to beat up Harry all the time. Harry's made to do all the chores there, while his cousin is terribly spoiled. I'm worried Harry's even getting enough food." Her parents looked alarmed at this. "This doesn't sound like a good place for a child," her mother said, her eyes with concern. Hermione… is Harry being abused?" Hermione bit her lip, considering. "Not anymore," she said honestly. "I think he used to be, maybe? At least somewhat?" Her parents looked horrified by that answer. "The problem is they're Harry's last remaining family," Hermione hurried on to explain. "And Harry's well-known in the wizarding world. He probably has to stay there for protection – if whoever put him there had any sense, they'd have drawn up blood wards around the property to help protect him." "Like the one we did?" he father asked. Hermione nodded. "Right. And as Harry gets older, that probably won't matter as much, as he'll be better able to protect himself. But until then…" She trailed off. "It's just not a good situation for anybody." Hermione's mother's eyes were suspiciously shiny. "I hate to hear that a child is being abused," she said. "Are you sure we can't call Child Protective Services?" Hermione took a moment to imagine what would happen, before shuddering violently. "If they took Harry and his family in, the Ministry of Magic would find out," Hermione said with conviction. "I have no doubt that the Ministry barge in and do something foolish to try and rescue Harry - possibly risking the lives of anyone in the police department or with Child Protective Services. I don't think they'd actually make an effort to have him adopted - he's too special, to wizards - so they might still do something horrid with him, like throw him in a magical orphanage or make him a ward of the state." "Are you sure that's worse than his current situation?" her father asked gently. "Hermione, Harry sounds like he needs help." Hermione tilted her chin up, defiant. "And I helped him," she said. "As of today, Harry's escaped, and he's going to stay at Ron's house for the rest of the break. I spent the night helping coordinate the plan and making sure the Weasleys knew where to go to get him." Her parents looked surprised. They exchanged a glance, but Hermione could see their instinctive urge to discipline her was warring with their pride. "Escaped?" her mother echoed. "You helped him escape?" her father echoed. "Yes. This way, Harry will still be protected, in a magical household," Hermione added. "And he's been there enough of the summer that whatever protection his relatives' blood wards can provide him has probably renewed." Her mother gave her a pointed look. "Hermione, if there's a problem with his family, the correct response isn't to help your friend run away from home..." "Anything else would have taken too long," Hermione said stubbornly. "I couldn't go to the Muggle police, because the Ministry would cause havoc if they found out. I couldn't go to the Ministry, either - that was my first thought, but when I investigated, it could have taken weeks to get him out of there, with all the paperwork and bureaucracy nonsense necessary. And the important thing was to help him, like you said. So I did - he'll be safe at the Weasleys', and they'll feed him and be nice to him for the rest of the summer, at least." Her mother sighed, while her father looked pleased. "Well, I'm glad you rescued your friend," he told her, ruffling her hair. "Much better than hearing you were off having sex." Hermione's face flamed. "Dad!" Her father and mother both laughed at the expression on her face, and this time her mother gave her a genuine smile. "I just hope his relatives aren't worried about him," she mused. "Though, it doesn't sound like they care much about what happened to him at all." Hermione shrugged. "I can send them a letter, so they know." Hermione spent part of her Saturday writing the Dursleys a letter, explaining Harry had gone off to stay with the Weasleys for the rest of the summer, and thanking them for their understanding and care of Harry for the first half of the summer. She wrote it entirely in third person and didn't sign it, and she sent it by Royal Mail. Let the Dursleys wonder who had come and taken Harry away; she didn't care to inform them. The second half of the day, Hermione spent practicing flying in the backyard. If a car could fly, why couldn't she? She had enough magical power now, she thought. She couldn't quite tell how fast it was growing, or if it was increasing exponentially at all, but she knew she was much stronger than she had been when Snape had first done the ritual with her. Then again, it wasn't power that seemed to be the issue, really. Hermione wasn't really having trouble getting herself into the air anymore – it was steering that was the issue. Her power seemed to want to go all over the place. It was like whenever she called on it, the air elemental inside of her just wanted to be let out to dance across the skies. Which made sense, Hermione supposed. If she were an air elemental, she wouldn't want to be bound and controlled to a body. She'd want to be free and just fly… Her father found her sleeping under a tree before supper, and Hermione awoke fairly groggy. It took a moment to remember exhausting her power reserves again. That, combined with the scant hour or so of sleep she'd stolen on the Knight Bus… it made sense that she'd dozed off, she thought. Supper with her parents was fine, and Hermione spent the rest of the evening reading on the couch for a bit before excusing herself for bed early. She washed her face, brushed her teeth, and braided her hair on autopilot, exhaustion making her mind comfortably tune out. As she laid down, though, she automatically reached for her wand to levitate something to exhaust her power reserves, before pausing. She'd already exhausted them earlier until she literally couldn't fly anymore. Should she even bother trying, when she had nothing left? With a sigh and a flick of her wand, not even remembering to say the incantation, Hermione tried to levitate her trunk, filled with books. To her surprise, she felt the spell connect, and her trunk hovered in the air, steady and not wobbly at all. A little more awake, Hermione concentrated, following the path of her power back into her as she kept the spell going. Once she found her power reserve, she was shocked to find it nearly almost full. Almost full! After she had just exhausted it just a few hours ago! Rationally, Hermione knew that she had to regenerate power somehow. She'd presumed it happened slowly, over time, like when she slept. But to regenerate it so quickly... was that normal? Was that because she was constantly exercising, pushing her limits? Hermione was relatively sure that it wasn't normal. She remembered how exhausting the Ventus spell had been to cast during the snow ball fight after winter break, and how slowly her power had returned to her afterward. But then... how? What was a 'normal' magic regeneration rate? She wondered as she levitated the chest, feeling her power gradually drain out of her. By the time she let the chest settle gently back down on the ground, Hermione was already half asleep, and she dozed off fully not a moment later, her wand still held in her hand, dreams full of magical theories and possibilities.
Michael was one of the pages at Lleuwlynn and Selwyn, and he was Hermione's favorite coworker. He was young, only out of Hogwarts a couple years himself, and he was a kind if slightly awkward-looking fellow. He was tall and lanky with sandy brown hair that he wore in spikes with the tips bleached, and he had a crooked yellow smile that made Hermione wonder if he'd taken the occasional Bludger to the face. Not only was he a Muggle-born and open about that fact, but he was very interested in learning absolutely everything he could about the wizarding world. He'd taken the job at the publishing firm as a way to have nearly unlimited access to books just so he could learn as much as he could. When he'd worn an old Ravenclaw Quidditch jersey to work one day, Hermione had felt precisely zero surprise - he was the most Ravenclaw Ravenclaw to ever Ravenclaw, in her mind. Michael enjoyed Hermione's own enthusiasm for learning, and he treated her like an adult. Hermione loved listening and learning everything he had to tell her. Michael knew a lot about many random things, especially obscure theories of magic, and Hermione enjoyed hearing about it all whenever there was no work for her to do. One day, when discussing the most recent wizarding war, Michael had asked her about her blood status, and Hermione had hesitated. Michael caught it and quirked his head, and Hermione bit her lip. "Not here," she said. She dragged him deep into the stacks. Michael went along curiously, and Hermione made him crouch down to her level. "My blood status is… complicated," she told him. "Promise you won't tell anyone else." Michael was too curious to stop there, it seemed, so he obligingly withdrew his wand, making a wand vow with Hermione. "I was told I'm a New Blood," Hermione told him seriously. "But without that designation, I'd be considered a Muggle-born just like you." Michael blinked. "A 'New Blood'?" Hermione explained about meeting Luna in Flourish and Blotts and the prophecy she had spoken, and how the Sorting Hat had called her New Blood as well. Michael listened and looked at her curiously as she spoke about doing her best to establish New Blood as being a thing. He was looking at her thoughtfully by the end. "If a Seer said you're a New Blood, then you're a New Blood," he told her matter-of-factly. "No matter what doubts you feel, the wizarding world takes the words of verified Seers pretty much as law. Even if New Bloods weren't a thing before you, they are now, with you being the first." "Yes, but that means nothing if people don't believe me," Hermione said, resisting the urge to kick a bookshelf. "I'm in Slytherin. I've told everybody I'm a New Blood, and I think my year mates mostly believe me, but the rest of the house doesn't. I get a lot of flack for being born to Muggles. A lot." Michael looked at her sympathetically. "I'm sorry. I wish I could help," he told her honestly. "I got shit on too when I was in Hogwarts for being Muggle-born, and I was only in Ravenclaw. The blood prejudice is awful and unfair." Hermione bit her lip. "Do you mean it?" Michael blinked at her. "What?" "Do you mean it?" she asked. "That you wish you could help?" He looked at her quizzically. "Of course." Hermione took a deep breath. "Even if it meant breaking the rules?" Comprehension dawned in Michael's eyes. "You have an idea," he said. "You've come up with an idea." "I've had the idea for weeks now," Hermione admitted. "I haven't seen the opportunity to carry it out, though. I figured I'd have to wait a few years, work my way up to being a page or a binder in order to do it…" Michael chuckled. "Vitac is never going to let you transfer departments. You're too good at copy-writing. He's already mourning you going back to school, you know." Hermione flushed, and Michael laughed. "So what's your plan?" he asked amenably. "It's been a while since I've gotten up to some good mischief." After double-checking to make sure no one needed them, Hermione led him through the stacks, crossing over rows. "These are the master copies over here, Hermione," Michael said. "What are you-?" "I know," Hermione said, hushing him. "Come on." They went far back into the stacks, past the 1970s, the 1960s, the 1950s, the 1940s. They stopped at the section for the 1930s – all the books published in the entire decade. "We're either looking for a book by 'Anonymous' or Cantankerus Nott," Hermione whispered. Michael's eyes lit with understanding. "The Pure-Blood Directory." They split up, searching the shelves. The Pure-Blood Directory had been a short book published anonymously in the 1930s. It had decried the mixing of magical blood with Muggle, urged magical people to only marry other magicals, and pushed the agenda of pureblood purity forward hard. What it was most notable for was its inclusion of a list, of the "Sacred 28" – a list of the 28 families with completely pure blood and flawless pedigree in the United Kingdom. Regardless of the ideas touted in the book, the list had caused a large stir in the magical community in Britain; pureblood families who bought into the ideology and were on the list were suddenly better, worth more than their peers and elevated in status, while families on the list who didn't follow the ideology cried out against the publication and were promptly labeled blood-traitors by the hardcore believers. Hermione had memorized the list of family names before she'd come to Hogwarts, finding a copy of the list in an etiquette guide. She had recognized many of them: Tracey Davis was the only other girl in her dorm that wasn't part of the Sacred 28, and Draco and Theo were both on the list as well. A few others she knew were, too: Marcus Flint's family was listed, as was Neville's, as well as Ron's. There were a few others around the school as well – members of this illustrious pureblood elite. "Found it!" Michael hissed, and Hermione hurried over, taking the book from him and reading quickly, her eyes rapidly scanning the pages. The book was much as she expected – full of vitriol and hatred, dripping disdain for Muggles from every paragraph, conveying the superiority of purebloods, but itself not particularly well-written. Luckily, it was rather short. "Do you know the spells to edit a master?" Hermione asked Michael, scanning the table of contents. She glanced up at him. "Do you?" "Yes," he admitted. "I shouldn't, but I do." He sank to the floor next to her. "Do you know what you want to change?" Hermione rapidly flipped through the book. It wasn't very long, and she finally found what she was looking for somewhere in the middle – the definition of 'pureblood'. It was hidden in the middle of the book, after the grandiose introduction but long before the meat of the book, the directory of names itself. "Here," she hissed. "How do I edit it?" "It's done by dictation," Michael told her. "You'll have to know exactly what you want to say before you start speaking. The spell will adjust the print lines." "And it will all fit?" "If there's room," Michael warned. Hermione flipped the page, seeing about three-quarters of a free page at the end of the chapter. That was all the wiggle-room she would have to add text. She flipped back to the part she wanted. "Okay," she said, biting her lips. "I'm ready." Michael traced a complicated sigil over the book, his wand careful, deliberate. "Commutatio scriptum," he whispered, and touched his wand to the page. The page jerked, and the text began to turn blue, spreading out from his wand point. Hermione looked to Michael, astonished, and he nodded to her expectantly. Hermione took a deep breath, leaned over to Michael's wand, and began to speak. Hermione had long since considered what exactly she would put into this book if she ever got the chance - considering it over and over again, often while trying to fall asleep. It had been one of her goals once she'd started working at the publishing house, as soon as she had learned such a thing was possible. Hermione spoke very carefully, every word deliberate and chosen with care. When she was done, she pulled back and nodded to Michael, who pulled his wand from the page, murmured a "Scriptum signo" and traced another complicated sigil, and the text sealed itself once more, the blue turning back to black. Once they were both sure it was done, the book completely sealed, they both let out deep sighs of relief. Dark black text that hadn't been there before stood out to Hermione in stark relief. Most venerated and rare of the purebloods is the New Blood, the originator of a new Great House. New Bloods represent the spontaneous generation of magic from an entirely unmagical line, given their power by being touched by Magic itself. Those of New Blood are exceptionally powerful, through this connection with Magic itself, and they have been gifted with fertility, destined to be blessed with many powerful children, ensuring the success of their new Great House. New Bloods can be noted by their skill with nonverbal and wandless magic, as well as the amount of power they control. Once a witch or wizard of New Blood comes of age, they may formally make their claim as one of sacred and new blood. A convocation of the Sacred 28 families will be called, and the New Blood will demonstrate their strength and the purity of their magic and blood. Two-thirds of the existing families must agree that the person is truly of New Blood, gifted by magic itself, and not the spawn of a squib pretending at power. Once the quorum agrees, the name of the New Blood must be added in, considered another Sacred family, and the Directory updated to the Sacred 29 (or the Sacred 30, the Sacred 31, and so on). Hermione pulled her eyes from the page, her breath short. She pressed her fists to her eyes and rubbed them hard. She felt like she might faint. "I can't believe you just did that," Michael said, his voice sounding slightly stunned. "Holy shit." "You don't?" Hermione asked, biting her lip. "Oh, we are going to get in so much trouble." Michael seemed to snap to. "We're not going to get caught," he scoffed. "No one will ever know. All the copies people have will update. No one will know it was ever different. And we're done – all we're doing now is looking at a copy of a very old book. Nothing wrong with that." Hermione bit her lip. "Then why can't you believe we did that?" Michael stood and re-shelved the book, before taking her hand and leading her from the stacks, over to the safer ones, the reference shelves. Hermione hurriedly trotted along at his side. "Because that is the one thing I can think of that will give your claim the most legitimacy," Michael told her. "I can't even count how many times I heard people reference that stupid book and discuss their bloodlines. The purebloods, the blood purists, they venerate that book. And you just... went and changed it. You just rewrote their canon." Michael shook his head. "The sheer nerve on you, girl…" "I can't believe I was able to do it so soon," Hermione admitted. "It was a pipe-dream, really – something to work up to and manage to do once I got to learn the right spells to edit a Master and had enough power to do it myself… I never dreamed I'd have an accomplice..." Hermione froze as the words left her. She had an accomplice. Accomplices, from what she knew, were dangerous loose ends, and, if left dangling, they could tie you up and trap you later. Accomplices could end up very incriminating, and the Slytherin part of Hermione was screaming at her for not learning how to erase memories before starting on this mission with her friend. Hermione took a deep breath and looked Michael in the eyes. "In order for this to work, I need no one to ever know this was done," she told him. "You helped me. What do you want in exchange for your silence?" Michael quirked an eyebrow. "It shows that you're in Slytherin," he said, a slow grin coming onto his face. "You're not comfortable with getting something without giving something in return. Though most Slytherins don't ask 'what do you want?' so directly." Hermione fought the urge to squirm. "So?" Michael shrugged. "I can't think of anything, really," he said. He grinned at her, his crooked teeth mocking her in the dim light. "Not really. What can a thirteen-year-old girl get me that I can't get myself?" Hermione looked at him thoughtfully, considering. "I might have an idea…" A few days later, Michael came up to Hermione and suddenly hugged her hard in front of everyone else, making her squeal in surprise. He picked her up, swinging her around in glee and laughter, making everyone else stare. "Aah-! Michael, what-?" "Your parents said they could fix it!" Michael exclaimed. His joy was contagious. "A couple surgeries and possibly braces, and they'll help me with a payment plan, but they can fix it! It never even occurred to me to ask Muggle dentists after Madame Pomfrey said it was too dangerous to try – she said magicking it might make my teeth fall out!" "That's great, Michael," Hermione exclaimed. "Now put me down!" Michael did so, laughing as Hermione stumbled slightly, dizzy. "You don't even know what this means to me," he told her, grinning widely. "Hermione, I haven't gone out in public much or really dated for years. Oh, I can dress up and comb my hair, sure, but the second I open my mouth, it's over. But this… this will fix that! I will look normal again!" He laughed again, more quietly, almost to himself, as if he couldn't believe it. Hermione beamed up at him, excited and happy at his joy. "We're even, now, right?" she said. "This is good enough for you?" Michael stared at her. "Hermione, I cast a few spells for you, and we were done in five minutes. It was nothing," he told her, giving her an honest smile. "This... This will give me back my self-confidence, give me back my life. You are giving me way more than I gave." He clapped a hand onto her shoulder, offering her a hesitant smile. "If you ever need anything – anything," he told her seriously, "I'll be one of the first at your side."
Hermione arrived at her internship one Monday morning to discover everyone in an uproar, people running all over the place. Even the copy-editors and fact-checkers had been pulled into the chaos, all of them taking orders from the seldom-seen people in the binding room. There was a lot of yelling, but there still seemed to be some underlying order to the abrupt explosion of chaos. Curious, Hermione located her boss. "Mr. Vitac?" Cadmus looked down at her. "Oh. Good morning, Hermione." "Good morning, sir," she greeted. "Sir… what on earth is going on here?" "What's going on?" He laughed. "Student booklists came out! We have to be ready!" "Book lists?" Hermione repeated. "Oh, you mean for Hogwarts?" "For Hogwarts, for Beauxbatons, for Durmstrang, for Ilvermony – we publish a lot of the most used textbooks. And all of them publish their book lists the same week. And we need to be ready!" He gestured with his wand at all the chaos. "Right now, people are finding the masters of the textbooks required. Things will settle down once all the Master copies have been located. Then the spellers will be quite busy for the week, duplicating as many books as required for the pending orders." "Pending orders?" Hermione questioned. "How do you know how many to make if the bookstores haven't even put in an order yet?" "The schools send notice of how many students will require a particular book," Cadmus said. "We make that many, plus 5-10%. It's usually pretty accurate." Hermione stared at the chaos, pages performing daring feats of leaping ladder to ladder, tossing books down to fact-checkers, who sprinted back and forth from the spelling room. "Um," Hermione said. "How should I help?" Cadmus looked down at her, smiled, and patted her shoulder. "Why don't you start with coffee and tea for all the spellers?" he suggested. "They're going to need it." Hermione didn't much like playing coffee girl at her internship, but she didn't let it show. When she walked into the spelling room levitating two large trays in front of her with coffee and tea, the spellers barely let her set them down before descending upon the trays in desperation, craving their caffeine. It was like watching wild animals descend on a carcass at a zoo, and Hermione was amused to watch them fight each other over the sugar and milk. Hermione looked around the room. Books were scattered everywhere, large tables covered with master copies, tall piles of book copies stacked on the floor. There were large charts pinned to the one of the walls, each headed with a school's name. The chart listed titles and authors, what year, required copies, and copies produced so far. Hermione found the Hogwarts list and moved closer, scanning the chart. "…the Lockhart books?" she exclaimed. "All of them?" One of the copiers looked up from her cup at Hermione's exclamation, giving her a grimace. "We haven't the slightest idea, either," she told her. "There's no reason for that." "I'm betting the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher made it a condition of her contract," another copier said, coming over to join the conversation. "That either she got to include all the Lockhart books as class texts, or she wouldn't take the post." "Why do you presume it's a she?" the first copier snapped. "Oh, come on," the second copier scoffed, pointing at the list with his tea. "It's got to be a fangirl of some sort. No sane person would ask for those as legitimate textbooks." They started arguing, and Hermione winced and moved on to the pile of books on one of the tables. Some of the spellers were already adjusting the Master copies' spells, removing the copyright protection spells and preparing them for duplication. One of them glanced down at Hermione. "Going back to Hogwarts, are you?" she said. Hermione nodded, and the speller smiled. She went over to a man who looked like a hawk, before coming back to her. "I'm Sylvia," she told her. "You can work your internship in this room, today, and try to help us duplicate the books." Hermione was shocked. "I can?" Sylvia gave her a small smile, shrugging. "Sure. Why not? You're supposed to learn this sort of thing here, right?" Hermione didn't correct her, and Sylvia took Hermione over to a corner out of the way and showed her the Gemino curse. "It's not a very difficult spell, perhaps, but it does require focus and enough power to back it up," she explained. "See if you can't copy one or two of your required spell books today. If you do, you can take them with you, and you'll have that many fewer to buy!" "I can keep them?" Hermione asked. "Sure." Sylvia smiled. "Any books you manage to duplicate today are yours. Be careful not to wear yourself out, though! And don't be too hard on yourself – Gemino is a tricky spell." Sylvia left her alone after that, and Hermione clutched The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 – a book she had already had for a year. She bit her lip, looking down at the book. Even if it was difficult, she might as well try. The Gemino curse had a tricky sort of wand movement, and Hermione practiced it a couple times before aiming it squarely at the book. "Gemino!" There was a rush of power from her, and suddenly there was another book sitting there. It was as if it had popped into existence out of nowhere. Hermione squealed happily, the noise entirely undignified. She found herself utterly unable to care. She had just made a book-! After a minute of celebrating, Hermione considered the book and frowned. Sylvia had said it was hard. And she'd just gotten it on her first try. Curious, Hermione held her wand and closed her eyes, mentally tracing from her wand to deep inside her, and when she reached the 'pool' of power inside of her, she gasped. Nearly a third of it was gone! A third! Never had a spell taken so much out of her, Hermione was certain. Except, maybe, when she transfigured the lead pipe, at the beginning of her first year. But she had been weak, then, and hadn't been practicing. She was much stronger now - and it had still taken a third! Hermione looked to the duplicators and spellers with new respect. If they could cast this curse all day long… She shivered. That was power. Well. At least she'd made a book for Harry. She doubted he would have gotten one in advance. Mentally shrugging to herself, Hermione aimed her wand at the book again. "Gemino!" Again, the strong rush of power, and another book popped into existence. It was only slightly less exciting the second time, and Hermione still felt flush with her success. Curious to see if this one had used the same amount of power, Hermione traced her power back inside of herself, only to find that her power reserves were now half full. …Half full? Half? Hermione had not taken a math class in a long time, but she was relatively sure that one third plus one third was two thirds, not one half. Two thirds of her power should be missing, not one half. Hermione paused. "Gemino!" There were three copies, now, not counting the master. Hermione quickly mentally dived back down her arm into herself, to find about one third of her power remaining. Hermione wanted to bash her head off the wall. This didn't make any sense! Well. At least she had copies for Harry, Ron, and Neville, now. She didn't dare make copies for her Slytherin friends, as they'd take offense, and she would be surprised if her Ravenclaw friends hadn't already bought the book a while ago as she had. If she only had one or two spells left in her, she was going to make it count. Hermione wandered over to the table of Masters, replaced the Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2, and slipped off Gadding with Ghouls. She returned to her corner, looking at it distastefully. This was going to be a textbook? Annoyed, she pointed at it, carefully tracing the spell with her wand and casting. "Gemino!" The book popped into existence, but the strong rush of power felt less strong this time. Hermione was concerned, before she tried casting again. "Gemino!" To her astonishment, it worked again, and she didn't feel entirely exhausted – just like she had been running very hard, somehow. Hermione took a moment to center herself, reaching for her power, to find it half full. What? The spell, Hermione decided, either made absolutely no sense, or Hermione was rapidly improving at it, or Hermione had some kind of superhuman power-recovery system. She'd never heard of regenerating power so quickly – though, upon reflection, it wasn't really the kind of thing often discussed. Was this what casting magic was like as you got older? Powerful spells would empty your reserves, but they'd replenish fast enough you'd barely notice? Could a witch train herself to have seemingly infinite power? Hermione had no idea. "Gemino!" Hermione tried to keep an awareness of her power inside herself, watching this time as the spell erupted from her wand, duplicating the book. The power for the spell flooded out through her and her wand, leaving her with about a third, but even as Hermione watched, her power started regenerating quickly, recovering to about a half in a minute, slowing at that point, but still coming back to her much faster than she'd ever imagined. At this rate, she could completely drain her power, and it'd all be back within an hour, Hermione estimated. Hermione grinned. There were seven Lockhart books. If she wanted to make four copies of each one (for herself, Harry, Neville, Ron), she would need to cast Gemino twenty-eight times (twenty-seven, minus the one she'd already done). If she cast a conservative seven times an hour, she'd be done in four hours. If her regeneration rate held steady. Hermione began casting. It was fun. It was simultaneously a rush to feel so much power leaving her at once and utterly exhausting, to feel so much magic drain all at once. And her magic seemed excited, wanting to rise to the challenge – even as low as Hermione got, her magic would regenerate even quicker, and after she'd caught her breath again, she'd be able to cast again. And again. And again. When she took a break for lunch, she'd copied all the Lockhart books already - complete sets of books for her, Harry, Neville, and Ron. She looked at them proudly, neat little stacks of eight books that hadn't existed before, pulled into being by her power and sheer force of will. She glanced back at the big table, where everyone was still casting, numbers still updating automatically on the charts as done books were put into big bins. She turned back to her own little piles, thinking, before raising her wand again. By the end of the day, she had ten piles, instead of four. She was sweaty, exhausted, and kind of crazed-looking, but she felt exhilarated. She'd never used to much magic for so long a period of time. This must be what Aurors felt when they trained, Hermione mused, wiping her forehead and the back of her neck with her robes. They must cast powerful spells over and over and over, then take a break, and then practice again, and again, and again. She could scarcely imagine the amount of power necessary to do such a thing. That must be why they had to practice and train so much – to increase their magical endurance and regeneration rates as much as the possibly could. Sylvia came over to Hermione at the end of the day and gave her a smile. "Did you manage to duplicate a few of your books?" she asked. "Those," Hermione said, gesturing clumsily to the piles at her feet. Sylvia's eyes widened and sparkled. "Well done!" she exclaimed. "You're what, almost thirteen? I never thought you'd manage to duplicate eight books! Good for you!" She beamed at Hermione, who looked back at her, puzzled. "No…" Hermione said slowly. "I didn't manage to duplicate eight…" Sylvia blinked at her. "I managed to duplicate seventy-four," Hermione said, sweeping her arm wider. Slowly, Sylvia turned, looking around at the ten little piles of books stacked nearly around Hermione's seat. Her eyes grew huge. Methodically, Sylvia began shrinking them, piling them all into a box she had brought over for Hermione, before handing Hermione the box, her eyes still wide. "I think," she said faintly, handing the box to Hermione, "that we are going to have to talk to Mr. Vitac about you."
Whatever Sylvia was going to talk to Mr. Vitac about was put aside from Hermione's mind, as she had a doctor's appointment scheduled for that Tuesday and wouldn't be present at her internship that day. Her mother had even taken off work for it, and Hermione was mortified to have her mother going along. "Now, this is perfectly normal, Hermione," her mother told her, for what felt like the fiftieth time. "Going to the gynecologist is just part of being a woman and growing up." "Mum," Hermione hissed. "I'm not a woman yet. I haven't gotten my period, and I don't have breasts." "Well, this is good practice, then," her mother replied, unflustered. "Come on." The exam had gone fine. The gynecologist had even seemed mildly amused by it. "It's not uncommon for young women to have their first period, and then not have another one for several months," she said kindly. "It can take a few years for a teen's cycle to work itself into a more regular one." Hermione had shot her mother a triumphant grin, and her mother rolled her eyes. "Shouldn't she get an ultrasound?" Hermione's mother asked. "What if her womb is abnormal?" "That'd be excessive," the doctor explained. "All we would do with that is measure the endometrial lining, which isn't necessary - there's no real medical case for that here. It's not as if Hermione is complaining of stomach pains." The doctor turned to Hermione. "Do you have heavy abdominal cramping?" "Umm," Hermione said. "No." The doctor nodded, satisfied. "I'll order some blood work to rule out anything more serious, but other than that, everything seems perfectly normal," the doctor reassured them both. "I'm sure it was just an odd quirk of nature. Everything seems to be in order." The blood from her arm was a hassle, but a welcome one – it meant Hermione was about to leave. Hermione's mother made arrangements with the front desk to be called with the results of the tests within a week, while Hermione occupied herself through searching through the dish of lollipops the receptionist had out. "Oh, no, Hermione," her mother sighed. "Hermione, those are for children." Just to spite her, Hermione took two. Hermione's summer settled down, to her smug satisfaction. Her blood work all came back fine, so her mother was forced to calm down about the whole magical period thing. Hermione was sure she'd get the normal kind sooner or later (she was hoping for 'later'), and until then, she needn't pay it any more attention. And whatever Sylvia had been hoping for by talking to Cadmus Vitac about her in the spelling room for her internship had come to nothing – there was nothing in her contract about her being used as a regular speller, and Vitac was firm she stay at her job copy-editing manuscripts. Hermione suspected that he was using her to do a lot of his own work, but she didn't mind – reading all day was pretty much the best job she could ask for, in her opinion. Hermione wondered what type of salary an adult copy-writer or fact-checker made, here, but she didn't want to ask – it seemed rude somehow, and she had no idea of wizarding salaries in the first place to determine if it would be a high or low figure. The only thing was that she had had to hear the story of Sylvia's discussion (or confrontation, according to Michael) with Vitac second-hand; Hermione had learned of it while circulating and delivering coffee and tea to her coworkers. According to rumor, Sylvia had stormed out of work the day before after her meeting with Vitac, yelling something the others couldn't make out, and she hadn't been seen or heard from since. When one of her coworkers attempted to Floo her to see if she was out sick, they discovered a vacant flat - completely emptied out and abandoned. There was no sign of where Sylvia had gone. It made Hermione uneasy to think about. It was entirely possible that Sylvia had gotten very upset at what Vitac had said and quit her job in a huff. Having quit her job and being a single woman, she would have had no reason to stay where she lived geographically, and, being a witch, surely magically packing her things would have taken her a matter of minutes, not hours. It was entirely possible that Sylvia had just up and left, going to look for employment in another country's magical community instead of the UK's. It was entirely possible. But it wasn't entirely probable. What had Sylvia discussed with Vitac that would have made her so angry? What had been said that made her change the course of her entire life so abruptly? It was absurd to think that it was her own fault, but Hermione couldn't seem to shake the memory of the stunned expression on Sylvia's face from the copying day, and wonder if she hadn't played some small role in it all. Hermione quietly resolved to herself to be more careful who she showed the extent of her power to. If nothing else, Sylvia's reaction had made it obvious that most adults weren't capable of casting Gemino that many times that quickly. And Hermione didn't really want the adults around her paying her extra attention. She tried her best to push the entire issue from her mind. Harry had resumed writing her, to Hermione's pleasure, once he had settled in with the Weasleys. He invited her to come and meet them all in Diagon Alley the next week, and Hermione happily accepted, asking Cadmus for the day off. He gave it to her without hesitation, only warning her to be careful of Flourish and Blotts on the chosen day – there was a book signing arranged, and it might be crowded. Hermione thanked him for his advice. Hermione unpacked her bag the night before, carefully putting in shrunken boxes of the books she'd made. It was important she give them to the Weasleys before they bought their own books. She also put in a check from her parents to convert into galleons to spend on school supplies and new spellbooks. She set out her best casual robes, the green ones that her parents had gotten her for Christmas, and she polished her wand. After a long deliberation, she pinned her Slytherin crest to the front of her robes as well. If she was going to be in Diagon Alley, there was a chance her Slytherin classmates might see her, and their parents might be with them. That meant Hermione had to look her best, to provide the best representation of a New Blood that she possibly could. After all, you only got to make a first impression once – and she needed to be sure she left a good one wherever she went. Hermione was determined to be ready for anything.
When Hermione went downstairs to leave for Diagon Alley early the next morning, her mother's eyes went large at her attire. "It's Diagon Alley," Hermione said hastily. "This is what people wear there, mum." "It's not the robes," her mother reassured her. "It's how long they are. I can practically see your ankles already! And those touched the floor when we got them for you!" Hermione looked down, a little embarrassed. Sure enough, her ankles were poking out. "They're not that short," she muttered. "You'll have to ask Madame Malkin if there are any hems that can be taken down," her mother said, frowning. "Ah, well. I won't say I didn't expect this, but I didn't realize you were still growing quite so much!" Her mother went for her purse, pulling out her checkbook. "Take this, too," her mother said, handing her another check. "If you need new clothes. We can't have you in ill-fitting things, can we?" "Mum, you've already given me enough," Hermione objected, but she took the check all the same. "I'm sure it'll be fine." "Perhaps." Her mother looked at her knowingly. "But I'm sure you don't want clothes-buying to cut into your book budget, do you?" Hermione blushed, and her mother laughed and hugged her affectionately. "I was the same way when I was a child," she told her, smiling. "I would have skipped the buying clothes and just spent it all on books. By giving you more, I know you'll be responsible enough to get both." She let her go, watching as Hermione straightened her robes and went to the fireplace. "Say 'hi' to your friends for me," her mother said. "I'm sorry I couldn't take the day off and come with you to meet them, but the practice has been slammed recently." "It's alright. You can meet them another time." Hermione shrugged, offering her a smile back. "And I will." The trip to Diagon Alley was a simple one – she had Floo powder on the mantel, and the Leaky Cauldron kept an open Floo for visitors at all times. The trip was awkward, but Hermione managed to get through the dingy pub and tap on the correct bricks quickly enough, Diagon Alley opening up before her as bricks spun and danced out of the way. Hermione's eyes sparkled as she watched. She loved magic. She went first to Gringotts, asking for Bloodthorne to bargain with and cash her checks. Bloodthorne was pleased to see her, his spiny teeth glittering with his grin. "Miss Hermione Granger," he greeted her. "I would do business with you on this day." "Bloodthorne," Hermione said, offering him a small bow. "Good to see you doing well." Bloodthorne was surprisingly reasonable, only gouging her a little bit on the exchange rate for her mother's checks before taking her back to a private consultation room. "I have contracts for you to sign," he told her, pushing a pile of parchments across the table. "You would sign using this quill." Again, Hermione winced as she signed each contract, the quill stealing blood from her body. She could almost feel a sharp nail trace her name over her body in different places each time she signed – on her arm, on her thigh, on the back of her hand, on her back. After they had all been signed, Bloodthorne put them away and came back with a cart of something else. "A few of those offered loans failed the terms of their agreements," Bloodthorne informed her. His eyes glinted. "As such, they have forfeited their 'collateral'. As was our agreement, you have first rights to it, before it is sold." Hermione sat up straight, suddenly excited. She'd forgotten about this part. "What did they put up?" she asked. "What did we get?" Bloodthorne looked momentarily thrown by her excitement, before cracking his neck to the side and nodding to himself, his eyes regaining their usual greedy sheen. "First," he said. "We have a bolt of Acromantula silk." He pulled the silk out from the cart, and Hermione gasped to see its beauty. "This is so pretty!" she said. "How much is this worth?" "At retail price, about ten galleons a yard," Bloodthorne said. "Less, wholesale. The entire bolt is worth between 150-200 galleons." Hermione ran her hands over it reverently, before setting it aside. "I'll pass. I can't sew, anyway," she said ruefully. "Someone else will make more use of it than me." Bloodthorne made a note on his scroll, before tottering back over to the cart. "Next," he said, "we have an idol of a cat." The cat idol looked to be a large onyx idol of the Egyptian goddess Bast. Something about it seemed slightly off, slightly creepy. Its eyes were slightly too intelligent-looking for a mere figure, almost as if it were alive. "Ah, I'll pass," Hermione said quickly. Bloodthorne made another note. "Lastly," he said, reaching into the bin. "We have a grimoire." Hermione perked up, reaching instinctively for the book, before quickly drawing back. She withdrew her wand, carefully casting a curse-detection charm, though Bloodthorne snickered at her, before she pulled it closer. The book was old and battered, and Hermione had to squint to make out the faded gilded letters on the cover. The Songe of the Beastes Hermione paged through it, her eyes widening. "This is written in Middle English!" she exclaimed. "This must be ancient. This is incredible. Who had this?" "James Ogden. A wizard," Bloodthorne said, sneering. The way he said it made Hermione wonder if he was offering loans to non-wizards too. "How much was the loan for?" Bloodthorne consulted his contract. "500 galleons." "500?!" Hermione gasped. She was astonished. She didn't realize she had that much to loan out. Though, if she did the math... just the Avon money would have put her up something close to that, and she guessed the rest of the money came from interest payments she was accruing from the loans, too. She closed the book, looking at it enviously. To have such a historic book – even if it would take forever to read it… "How much is left on the contract?" Bloodthorne's lip curled. "70 galleons." "Seventy?" Hermione gasped. "Done! I want this. I want this one." Bloodthorne let out a cackle as Hermione grabbed the book, clutching it to her chest. "Then, as per our agreement, Gringotts shall close out the contract with the gold from your account," he told her. "Fine," Hermione said. "That's fine. This book is mine." She paused. "Wait," she said. "Close out the contract? With the gold from my account?" Bloodthorne sneered slightly, hackles rising. "Yes," he said. "As was the agreement we signed to." "No, no, I'm not trying to break the agreement," Hermione hastily reassured him. "Just... there are 70 galleons left on the contract, correct?" Bloodthorne was looking at her suspiciously. "Yes..." "The contract that I am funding?" Hermione inquired. A glitter returned to Bloodthorne's eyes. "You would be correct." "So really, I'm just paying myself back," Hermione said. "Unless there was 70 galleons worth of interest on the loan?" Bloodthorne was openly smirking now. "There was not," he said, pointy teeth showing. "There was 43 galleons of accumulated interest, and 27 galleons left on the original loan." "Well, then," Hermione said, thinking. "If we're splitting the interest earned 90/10 in my favor, and the interest was 43 galleons... I'm essentially out 38 galleons I could have earned, but I only owe Gringotts a total of 5 galleons." "You would be correct," Bloodthorne said. Hermione sat there for a long moment, stunned. A priceless book, hundreds of years old - multiple centuries - for roughly £25. The thought boggled her mind. "I initially thought I was basically buying the book for 70 galleons," Hermione said. She shook her head ruefully. "I didn't work out the figures behind our collateral transactions ahead of time to realize how they fell." She offered the goblin a grin. "I kind of wish I'd taken a second look at that fabric, now." Bloodthorne cackled again, offering her a sharp grin. His eyes had a reddish-purple gleam to them, as opposed to their usual greasy sheen. Hermione wondered if it meant he was amused - the cackling was a helpful context clue, but she couldn't be sure. "I almost wonder how Gringotts is making a profit at all," Hermione wondered aloud. "Rest assured, Hermione Granger, that the bank is taking its claim." Bloodthorne looked smug and highly satisfied. "Many loans are going out, and many payments are coming in. With them, many late fees are being assessed, and much interest is being charged. Gringotts is very happy to be doing business with you in this way." "Well, then," Hermione said, her lips quirking upwards. "I'm glad to hear it. I'll be sure to come back when I'm next around." "A pleasure as always, Hermione Granger," he said, standing and offering her a bow. "I would do business with you again when you were next in the alley." "Of course," Hermione told him, bowing back. "It was very much my pleasure, too."
Hermione ran into Harry on her way out of the bank, being dragged along by Hagrid. "Harry!" she said, gasping. "What happened to your glasses?" Harry was covered in soot, cobwebs, and his glasses were broken. Whipping out her wand, Hermione began repairing his glasses and brush off the soot coating his clothes. "Thanks, Hermione," Harry said with relief. "Err… aren't we not supposed to use magic over the summer?" "They can't tell who casts a spell, only the area it was cast in, generally," Hermione said absently. "If you don't get caught, there's no proof it was you." Having set Harry to rights, Hermione stepped back, craning her neck up. "Hello, Hagrid." "'Lo, 'Mione," Hagrid grinned. "Yeh not on yer own, are yeh?" "Well, I'm supposed to be meeting Harry and the Weasleys here," Hermione said, side-stepping the question. "Actually – Harry, weren't you coming with the Weasleys?" "I got lost," Harry said, scowling. "We didn't take the Tube. There was this awful thing with the fireplace – Floo Powder, they called it – and I ended up down this dingy alleyway. I need to find the Weasleys–" "Yeh won't have long ter wait," Hagrid said, satisfied. Hermione and Harry looked around. Sprinting through the crowds were Ron, Fred, George, and a couple other Weasleys, too. "Harry," a balding red-headed man said with relief, panting. "We hoped you'd only gone one grate too far…" He mopped his glistening bald patch. "Molly's frantic. She and Ginny are coming now…" "Where did you come out?" Ron asked. "Knockturn Alley," Hagrid said grimly. "Excellent!" said Fred and George. "We've never been allowed in," Ron said enviously. "I should ruddy well think not," growled Hagrid. "Knockturn Alley?" Hermione questioned. "What's that?" "It's an alley full of dodgy things," Fred told her. "Things of, perhaps, questioning legality," George added. "-or questionable morality-" "It's where Dark wizards shop," the taller Weasley boy snapped. "It's entirely inappropriate to go down. And I'm horrified that I'm related to people who even would want to." Hermione turned to the older Weasley boy, tilting her head. "Percy, right?" she asked. Percy drew himself and looked down at her. "Yes, I am," he informed her. "What of it?" "Do Dark witches shop in Knockturn Alley as well, or only Dark wizards?" she asked him. "I need to know these things." Percy looked horrified. "You're not seriously-" "I'm just curious," Hermione said, her eyes glinting. "I mean, 'wizards' is a gendered term, so for all I know-" Percy scowled at her, while Harry stifled a laugh. "Witches and wizards of good standing do not shop in Knockturn Alley," he informed her frostily. "Thank you," Hermione said politely. "Good to see sexism still alive and well in the wizarding world, too." Harry had a coughing fit, trying to hide his laughter. Ron looked part stunned and part confused, while the twins were openly snickering at their brother. "Oh, Harry-!" Mrs. Weasley came running up, pulling the small Weasley girl along with her. Hermione took a careful step back as Mrs. Weasley began to fuss over him. Harry looked rather embarrassed over the whole thing. When they finally separated from Hagrid, they all began to head into Gringotts, Hermione tagging along despite having just left the bank. "Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes?" Harry asked Ron and Hermione. "Malfoy and his father." "Did Lucius Malfoy buy anything?" said Mr. Weasley sharply. "No, he was selling," Harry replied. "So he's worried," Mr. Weasley said with grim satisfaction. "Oh, I'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something…" Mrs. Weasley objected to that, and whilst they were bickering, Harry drew Hermione closer. "Hermione, I didn't want the others to hear this," he told her, his voice quiet, "but they mentioned you." "Mentioned me?" Hermione blinked. "Lucius Malfoy?" "Both him and Draco," Harry confirmed. "Lucius Malfoy made a nasty remark about his son's grades, referencing you." Hermione gave him a careful look as they waited in line for one of the goblins. "What exactly did he say, Harry?" she asked. Harry bit his lip and looked awkward. "He was criticizing Malfoy's grades," Harry said. "Malfoy objected, saying he came in second in the class, and his dad said that he'd have thought Malfoy would be ashamed that 'a girl of no wizard family' beat him in every exam." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Malfoy objected, though," Harry continued, even more quietly. "He said that it wasn't like that – that you were New Blood, and that his father couldn't possibly expect him to compete with someone who had a backdoor to Magic itself." Hermione was interested despite herself. "And what did Mr. Malfoy say to that?" she asked. "Mr. Malfoy said he'd never heard of such tripe in his life," Harry admitted, "and that if his son was determined to keep lying to him, to try something more plausible than the deranged claims of a trumped-up Muggle-born." Hermione smiled a grim smile. "Deranged claims?" she repeated. "We'll see about that…" As they reached the front, Hermione was excited to go down in a cart with them all, but including her would put the cart over its passenger limit. "We'll need two carts," Mrs. Weasley said, worriedly. "Or rather, no, we'll leave some of the kids behind…" "I want to go!" Ginny objected. "It's my first time getting to ride in the cart!" "Hermione can go down with me, Mrs. Weasley," Harry said hastily. "We'll meet you right back up here." The journey underground was exciting, and Hermione enjoyed whooping and screaming right along with Harry, as if the breakneck journey on the carts were a roller coaster. When they arrived at his vault, Hermione leapt out, laughing and gasping, Harry falling out next to her. "That was amazing!" Hermione declared. "I need to go visit my own vault, the next time I come here!" Even though Hermione knew what to expect, Harry's vault was a literal vault, buried in the side of a mountain deep underground. It still seemed so surreal, and even more surreal to see that it had actual piles of gold coins in it. "I'm glad we split up from the Weasleys," Harry admitted, sweeping coins into his bag. "I don't know how much gold the Weasleys have, but from Ron… well…" Draco constantly derided the Weasleys for their poverty, Hermione knew. It wasn't hard to guess how awkward Harry might feel, having them see the bountiful contents of his vault. "This is your inheritance?" Hermione asked, giving it a careful look. "This isn't bad. There looks to be a small fortune here." "I'm glad it should be enough to get me through school for all seven years," Harry said. "I can't imagine asking the Dursleys for money to pay for spell books…" "Oh! That reminds me!" After they reached the top floor of Gringotts once again and headed outside, Hermione drew the Weasleys over out of the way of traffic before opening her bag, taking out a box of books. "Harry reminded me – we all need spell books, right?" "Yeah, including the full set of Lockhart's works," Ron groaned. "Don't remind me." "Well, I have a solution to help with that part, at least," she said brightly. "Here." Hermione began handing out small boxes to everyone – one to Harry, Ron, Fred, George, Ginny, and Percy. "What're these?" Harry said, flipping open his lid. "They're all the Lockhart books," Hermione told them. "I shrunk them down for easy storage. Harry, Ron, you each have The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2 as well." "Oh, wow," Harry said, stroking his hand across the spines. "This is great. Thanks, 'Mione!" "How did you get these?" Fred asked, staring. "Lockhart's books don't come cheap," George added. "I made them," Hermione said proudly. "My summer internship is with the publishing company. Any books I made, I got to take. I made everybody copies." The twins stared at her. "You made them?" Fred repeated. "Yes," Hermione said. "I was allowed to take any books I made on Copying Day, and I managed to make quite a few." She bit her lip, looking at the Weasleys worriedly. "Should I not have? I meant them as a gift. I was so excited to be able to make them…" "Hermione, I think I speak for all of us when I say we are simply struck," Percy said, drawing himself up. He looked at her formally. "You made 70 galleons worth of books – for each of us. That is incredibly impressive magic, and incredibly generous. Believe me, you have our gratitude." "Seventy galleons?" Ron repeated, his eyes wide. "Lockhart's books don't come cheap," Fred repeated, his own eyes wide. Ron looked touched despite himself. "You are the nicest evil person I have ever met, Hermione," he declared. "I don't care how you snuck these out, only that you did. Ginny, if you ever need the help of someone evil, Hermione is the best Slytherin to go to, you hear me?" "I didn't steal them!" Hermione objected. "I made them-!" Mrs. Weasley's eyes were somewhat watery. "This was very generous of you," she said, patting Hermione on the head. It was a bit awkward, as Hermione was taller than Mrs. Weasley, but she managed it all the same. "Very generous of you, Hermione. Thank you." "You're welcome." Hermione shifted uncomfortably. She hadn't done it to help the Weasleys with their poverty – she'd just wanted to make the books and show off to her friends. "I was excited to be able to copy the books – it's really hard spell work, actually. You'll still all need to get whatever other books are on your lists…" "I'm sure that will be no problem at all," Mrs. Weasley said. "Let's all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an couple hours?" The schedule was quickly decided, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione strolled off, exploring the alley. "Where to first?" Ron asked cheerfully. He seemed in a much better mood. Hermione wondered if it was because he had more galleons to spend on things he wanted, now. At least he was being nice to her for once. "I have to get new robes," Hermione told them regretfully. "I outgrew my old ones, and my mum won't have me going around in clothes that don't fit right." Harry looked down at his own robes. "Umm… I probably should too, actually." He winced. They headed for Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. Harry inquired about hems being taken down, and the shop matron scoffed at him. "There are not hems to take down," she told him flatly. "I have never heard of such a stupid thing. You would be able to see a hem inside the robe, you poor boy." She motioned them up onto the platforms, magical measuring tapes beginning to fly around. "I'm lucky Bill and Percy are both tall," Ron said, watching Harry and Hermione. "I just get their uniform robes second-hand. No dealing with all this-" He gestured at the measuring tapes around them, "-every time I decide to grow another couple inches." Hermione was surprised. "But what if your fashion style doesn't match theirs as you grow older?" Ron stared at her, and Harry turned to stare at her also. Hermione winced. "Right, sorry," she said. "Forgot. Boy fashion. Not in Slytherin. All that's needed are generic school robes. Sorry. Right. Carry on." Hermione was pleased to find that Madam Malkin, though she did not believe in hems, did sell second-hand robes to those who could not afford new robes, and Hermione happily traded in her favorite green robes for a new, identical set made in her new measurements (as well as a few galleons to cover the difference). "Can I just send you all my old robes?" Hermione begged. "And you send me identical versions of them all in my new measurements? I'll cover the difference, of course." Madam Malkin rolled her eyes but acquiesced. "If you must." She paused, eyeing Hermione up and down. "You'll be needing all new robes soon enough, though. You'll be expected to wear more mature styles sooner rather than later." Hermione colored. She didn't like being reminded of her puberty. They left the robe shop and wandered the alley for a while, all enjoying ice cream cones as they explored, before finally heading to Flourish and Blotts. There were a lot of other people making their way toward the bookshop, and when they arrived, there was a large crowd jostling to get in. Hermione groaned, clapping a hand to her head. "I forgot – there's a book signing of some sort today. Mr. Vitac warned me…" As they got closer, they could see a giant banner stretched across the upper windows. GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30pm to 4:30pm Incredibly, Hermione began laughing. "Of course it'd be him," she wondered aloud. "I wonder if anyone is going to try to get all of the course books signed too? They'll be here for hours." "Mum will," Ron said gloomily. "She loves Lockhart…" Hermione, Harry, and Ron squeezed inside. A long line wound around right to the back of the shop, and Hermione balked. "There are other books I want to look around for and buy," she told them. "I didn't bring my school books, anyway. If you all want to go and get yours autographed, I think I see Mrs. Weasley in line…?" The boys parted ways with her, and Hermione climbed up to the second floor, quickly beginning to explore the bookstore. She could feel familiar tingles of excitement as she looked around. This time, she knew what she was looking for. Hermione grabbed what looked like the beginner textbooks for both Arithmancy and Ancient Runes, before making a beeline for the Ritual Magic section, tucked away in a shadowy corner of the shop. She was paging through Constructing Circles to see if it had anything new in it when she heard someone clear their throat. "Why, fancy seeing you here, Miss Granger…" a familiar voice purred. Hermione's head shot up. "Blaise!" She grinned, and she had to stop herself short from throwing herself at him, only remembering at the last moment that as a rule, Slytherins generally didn't hug. From the smirk on Blaise's face, she didn't think she fooled him in the slightest, and the glint in his eye told her he wouldn't have minded a hug, either. "Ritual Magic?" Blaise questioned. He raised an eyebrow. "What're you studying up on that for?" "You never know when you might need it," Hermione said absently. "I've been reading about it. It's long and complicated, but some rituals can do some really powerful stuff, you know." Blaise looked impressed. "Well, count me in if you ever decide to form a coven," he told her. "With you running one, it'd be sure to be interesting, if nothing else." He winked at her, and Hermione laughed, before stopping short, her eyes catching a flash of a familiar platinum blond. "Blaise… is that Mr. Malfoy?" A tall, blond man wearing a wizard hat and carrying a long black cane stood near Draco Malfoy near the top of the staircase. Draco was sneering over the railing at the spectacle going on below, while the tall man was looking at the books on the shelves. "That's him," Blaise said, lowering his voice. "Lucius Malfoy himself…" Hermione considered him carefully. Lucius Malfoy just looked like a snob. His nose was upturned slightly, so he was always looking down it, and she could see the extravagant expense of his robes and cane from rows away. "I'm going to go over," Hermione declared. Blaise gave her a sharp look. "Is that wise?" "Probably not," Hermione admitted. "But I'm going to anyway." Blaise sighed, but he followed her as she wound her way through the stacks. Hermione kept her eyes sharp as she approached, weaving through the bookshelves to arrive next to Draco through them, so it didn't look quite like she'd made a beeline for him, but only found him by happenstance. Not that he would have noticed – Draco's eyes were fixed on the spectacle below. "They're like animals," Hermione commented, moving to lean over the railing next to him. "All whipped up into a feeding frenzy." Draco's eyes darted up to her, and his face split into a grin. "Hermione," he said. His grin dimmed a bit a moment later. "Zabini." "Draco," Blaise said pleasantly, his eyes glinting. Draco held Blaise's gaze for a long moment, both of their eyes sharp. Hermione watched, puzzled, before they both broke away and looked down the stairs. "I can't believe people are lining up to have that fop sign their books," Draco said. "I can," Blaise commented. "The line is mostly witches. He's considered very attractive, you know." Hermione scoffed. "Figures." Blaise cast her a slanted glance. "Blond men not your thing, Hermione?" Draco stiffened next to her. Hermione carefully kept her eyes on the scene below. "Frauds and fools aren't my thing," Hermione said coolly. "Have you read any of his books? They're fiction, being passed off as true. I can't respect a person like that." "I haven't gotten any of the school books yet, so no," Blaise said, smirking. "That's rather what I was here to do." Draco smirked, and Hermione laughed. "Fair enough," she conceded. They watched the crowd for a moment, a photographer taking photos of Lockhart, causing big plumes of smoke each time. Hermione wondered what on earth was in his flash. Movement on her left caused Hermione to look over to see Draco had stopped watching the crowds below - he was looking at her instead. "You look nice today, Hermione," he said. Hermione instantly felt suspicious. "Thank you…?" "I like your crest," he said, gesturing to her front. "It goes well with your robes." Oh… "I like wearing it," Hermione admittedly softly. "I like showing my Slytherin pride. And it's beautiful." Draco's eyes gleamed. Hermione watched, wondering. What did it mean in pureblood customs, she wondered, if a girl wore your gift of not-jewelry in public? It wasn't real jewelry, so obviously not the same thing, but even the not-jewelry jewelry gift seemed like it must mean something… "Draco." A sharp, commanding voice came from the left. Draco jerked, startled, and the three Slytherins turned. Hermione was careful to keep her expression pleasantly neutral. She watched as Lucius' eyes flashed over them. Draco moved next to his father, turning to face them, his own expression carefully blasé, but his eyes looked worried. "Mister Zabini," Lucius said, nodding to Blaise. "Mister Malfoy." Blaise nodded back deeply, just short of a bow. He took a step forward, carefully assuming a casual position at her side. Hermione appreciated the silent support – by standing next to her, he was implying she was of equal status to him, or that he was her escort. Either was a quiet social statement, one she was sure the elder Malfoy would immediately grasp. Lucius' eyes fell on Hermione, carefully evaluating her. Hermione was suddenly glad she'd traded in her too-short robes for longer ones – nothing she was wearing was something Lucius could fault her for. "Draco," his father said suddenly, sharply. Draco's eyes darted to his father. "What?" "You have yet to introduce us," Hermione said pleasantly, her face betraying nothing of her nerves. Her eyes didn't move from the elder Malfoy's face. Draco hesitated a moment. "Father, this is Hermione Granger, a classmate of mine," he said, gesturing. "Hermione, my father, Lucius Malfoy." "Pleased to meet you, Mister Malfoy." Hermione swept him the finest curtsy she could in the robes she was wearing. Lucius' eyebrows rose. "A pleasure," he drawled. His lip curled. "Granger, is it?" "It is," Hermione confirmed. "Of the Dagworth-Grangers?" he asked. "No, sir." Hermione didn't hesitate. "I am the first of my line." Lucius gave his son a sharp look, and Hermione could see Draco restrain a wince. "Hermione is a New Blood, father," Draco said quietly. "I spoke to you of her, before." Lucius' eyes flashed back to her, before returning to Draco. "You neglected to mention she was in Slytherin," he said. His voice was chillingly pleasant, and Draco flinched. Hermione felt a shiver over her skin. "I said she was a classmate," Draco objected. "All of the first years are your classmates," Lucius informed his son, his voice cold. Draco winced again but nodded. Hermione watched as Lucius turned back to her, his eyes carefully evaluating. "I am… surprised," Lucius Malfoy said, his lip curling, "to find one of Muggle parentage sorted into Slytherin." "Perhaps it's because I'm New Blood, not Muggle-born," Hermione said, her tone perfectly even and polite. He raised an eyebrow, looking down his nose at her. "New Blood?" he said, his tone conveying his disgust. "A spontaneous outcropping of Magic, blessed by the Fates," Blaise said suddenly. Hermione was surprised at his intervention, but incredibly grateful. "Hermione was not born of a squib line, like the Muggle-born are. She is destined for greatness, and to found a new House." "Every great house was founded by a New Blood in the beginning," Draco added. "There's no such thing." Lucius Malfoy said slowly, deliberately. His voice was cold and dismissive. Hermione smiled sweetly. "Cantankerus Nott would disagree with you." Lucius' eyes sharpened suddenly. "Would he now?" he drawled. Hermione allowed an enigmatic smile to drift about on her lips. She wasn't going to defend her place to him directly – such dramatics were not the Slytherin way. She needed to portray unflappable confidence in her place in the wizarding world. She couldn't allow Mr. Malfoy to shake her. "I suppose," Lucius Malfoy said finally, "that we shall see." That sounded vague and ominous. Hermione made a mental note to be careful of anything she touched that came from a Malfoy – she didn't know what would happen if she did touch anything meant to curse anyone not of pure blood. There was a shout from below, and the crowd burst into applause. They all turned to look down at the crowd. Hermione's eyes were drawn to the front, where she could see Harry standing next to Lockhart, as a photographer capturing the moment. Even from here, Hermione could see Harry's face burn in embarrassment. "Ladies and gentlemen," Lockhart said loudly, waving for quiet. "What an extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little announcement I've been sitting on for some time!" Hermione noticed Draco scowling down and drifting away, down the staircase. His father followed after him, both moving silently. She kept careful track of them, even as she watched Lockhart. "—have the great pleasure in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry!" The crowd burst into applause, and Hermione gasped and looked to Blaise, horrified. "He can't be serious," she said. "He can't be. He's a fraud." "How many people know that, do you think?" Blaise said. He glanced at the size of the crowd. "It looks like not many." Hermione groaned, clutching her hair and tugging it. "We're going to learn nothing," she moaned. "Absolutely nothing this year." "I bet we'll get excellent lessons on posing and smiling for the camera, though," Blaise commented, teasing, pulling a weak smile from Hermione. "Yes, excellent, I'll pose and distract evil wizards with my winning smile to defeat them," Hermione said. "This is a brilliant idea." "It'll be alright, Hermione," Blaise said. He looked at her. "I'm sure you'll teach yourself just fine to keep up with the material. And you can help the rest of us keep up too." "It's not like there's a set curriculum for Defense, though," Hermione argued. "I'd have no guide to go off of." "That just means you get to make it up," Blaise pointed out. He winked. "I daresay that's even better." Hermione considered, then smiled. "I… suppose that's true." She and Blaise made their way to the staircase, only to see Draco had run into Harry, who had fled from Lockhart as soon as he could. They were glaring at each other, Ginny glaring at Draco as well. "Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" Draco drawled, and Ron fought his way over to Harry and Ginny. "Oh, it's you," Ron said, looking at Draco as if he were something unpleasant on the sole of his shoe. "Bet you're surprised to see Harry here, eh?" Hermione had no idea why Ron would think Draco would think such a thing. "Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley," retorted Malfoy. "I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for all your school books." Ron went red. Hermione couldn't blame him; she privately thought that was a much better retort than Ron's. Ron started toward Malfoy, but Harry grabbed the back of his jacket. "Ron!" Mr. Weasley had come over, Fred and George behind him. "What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside." "Well, well, well – Arthur Weasley." Hermione watched as Mr. Malfoy joined Draco, sneering at the Weasleys. "Lucius," Mr. Weasley said coldly. "Busy time at the Ministry, I hear," Mr. Malfoy said. "All those raids… I hope they're paying you overtime?" He pulled a second-hand copy of A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration from Ginny's cauldron. It looked extremely battered, and Hermione felt a pang of sympathy for poor Ginny, whose face burned scarlet with embarrassment. "Obviously not…" Mr. Malfoy drawled. "What's going on there?" Hermione hissed to Blaise. "I know Draco and Ron hate each other, but their parents, too?" Blaise shrugged, watching the scene too. "Might be because the Weasleys are considered blood traitors?" he guessed. "This sounds more personal, though. I wonder if there's some kind of ancient feud." There was a yell, and Hermione's eyes darted back to see Mr. Weasley had thrown himself at Mr. Malfoy, knocking him into the bookshelf, dozens of heavy spellbooks thundering down on them all. Someone was cheering him on, someone else was shrieking, the crowd was stampeding backwards, an assistant struggling towards them, begging them to stop. "Merlin," Hermione breathed, watching. "Did he really…?" "That's Gryffindors for you," Blaise said. His nose was wrinkled in disgust. "No class or subtlety at all." Hermione had to agree with him. Brawling in a book shop...? It was practically barbaric. They watched as Hagrid pulled the two men apart. Both of them looked like they'd taken some damage. Mr. Malfoy thrust Ginny's book back at her, leaving with a sharp remark as he and Draco swept from the shop. "Yeh should've ignored him, Arthur," Hagrid was saying. Hermione watched as Mrs. Weasley gathered her children up, bustling them out the door. "Wait!" Harry exclaimed. "We've forgotten Hermione!" "I'm sure she'll be fine," Hermione heard Ron dismiss, but she was pleased to see Harry fight his way back inside, eyes darting around. Hermione descended the stairs. "Harry." Harry's eyes met hers with relief. "Hermione!" "You okay?" she asked, looking him over. "I saw the fight with Mr. Malfoy." "Yeah, I'm okay," Harry said. "It was mostly just Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy. Though Ron wanted to punch Malfoy pretty badly." "We could tell." Hermione glanced back at Blaise, descending the staircase behind her. Harry looked to him, then looked to Hermione in confusion. Hermione's mind raced. "Ah… Harry, this is Blaise Zabini, my classmate in Slytherin," she told him. "Blaise, may I present Harry Potter?" "Harry Potter? In the flesh?" Blaise drawled. His eyes flicked up to Harry's scar. "I would have never known." Hermione scowled. "Don't be a twit." "You're a friend of Hermione's?" Harry looked cautious. "I didn't think she had many friends in Slytherin." Blaise suddenly looked guarded. "Some of the Slytherins might look down on Hermione for her blood status, but it's none of her year anymore." "Except for Pansy," Hermione said, making a face. Blaise acknowledged her remark with a reluctant nod of his head. "Except for Pansy." "But what about the bullying?" Harry asked frowning. Blaise looked to Hermione sharply. "Bullying?" Hermione kept her face carefully even. "When Pansy and the others bullied her," Harry said. At a dark look from Hermione, Harry paused. "Hermione told us it was pretty bad," he continued, more carefully, and Hermione let out a breath of relief that he'd remembered his promise to not mention the torture bit. "I didn't think she had any friends in Slytherin – if she had, I'd've thought they would have stopped it." "Hermione told you it was bad?" Blaise asked carefully. "Or Hermione told you what happened, and you thought that was pretty bad?" Harry frowned. Hermione doubted he fully grasped the nuance of what Blaise was asking. "Hermione said it was bad," Harry stressed. "She wouldn't say exactly what happened, but she said it was bad. She started hanging around with us more. She wanted to avoid the Slytherin common room." Hermione bit her lip, hard. Blaise's eyes slid to her sideways. "I didn't realize Hermione had been bullied beyond the ignorant remarks some of the cruder Slytherins make," Blaise said finally, "but I consider Hermione my friend." "Would you protect her?" Harry asked challengingly. "Harry!" Hermione objected. "I do not need—" "Would you?" Harry said again, ignoring Hermione. His eyes held Blaise's. "If it happened again, would you protect her? Would you put a stop to it?" The statement hung heavy in the air, and Hermione winced. Harry had no idea what he was asking, she knew. To formally ask a pureblood if someone was under their protection… "I would." Hermione's mouth dropped open, her eyes darting to Blaise, but he was looking solidly at Harry. "I would offer her my protection, and I would never knowingly hurt her." The formality of the words rang in the air. Hermione was reeling, her mind racing, while Harry looked mildly confused. "That's… that's good," Harry said finally. He stuck out his hand. "Any friend of Hermione's is a friend of mine." Hermione watched in astonishment as Blaise regarded Harry carefully for a long moment, before grinning. "Well met, Potter," he said, taking his hand and shaking it firmly. "Friends, then." They broke apart. Harry seemed satisfied, and Blaise seemed darkly amused. "Harry!" Mr. Weasley was waving impatiently from the entrance, looking out over the crowds. Harry winced. "I've got to go. I'll see you at school, 'Mione?" he said hurriedly. "Bye!" "See you, Harry!" she called after him, watching as Harry fought his way through the crowds and vanished. "So…" Hermione looked over at Blaise, who was giving her a long, slow look. "When are your parents expecting you back?" Blaise asked pleasantly. Hermione shrugged. "By nightfall?" "Excellent," Blaise said. "Walk with me? I still have some things to get." He gave her a look. "And we have a lot to talk about." The formal words of Blaise's promise still rang heavy in Hermione's ears, and she gave him a measuring look. "I suppose that we do."
Diagon Alley was different in the late afternoon than it had been in the morning. The sun had shifted in the sky enough to cast long shadows from the buildings but was still up enough to give everything a warm glow. Gone were most of the harried shoppers, and nearly all the children were gone as well; instead, well-dressed adults were walking the streets leisurely as if they hadn't a care in the world. Hermione looked around with interest, her bag of books and school supplies swinging at her side as she walked. "Where did these people all come from?" she asked Blaise. "Most of the shops are closing now, aren't they?" "A lot of them are," Blaise confirmed. "These are just people out to go for dinner or entertainment, I suspect." Hermione blinked. "It's not even five o'clock." Blaise smirked. "What's the point of dressing your best for dinner if you don't take a bit of a stroll beforehand so everyone can see how good you look?" Hermione rolled her eyes. It was easy to see that these people were more the upper crust of the wizarding world. The robes were exquisitely tailored and detailed, and they were made from fabrics that looked expensive. Hermione's green robes were very nice, sure, but they were nothing next to the elegant green silk robes of a nearby witch, strolling along on the arm of a wizard wearing a cloak of blue velvet. "I half expect to see the women strolling along with parasols," Hermione murmured, watching. Blaise shot her a befuddled look. "What's a parasol?" Hermione laughed but shook her head, and Blaise shrugged and let it drop. He guided her around the corner near Florean Fortescue's ice cream parlor, and Hermione stopped short at the street spilling out in front of her. "…what's this?" Blaise gave her a funny look. "Horizont Alley." Hermione stared at him. "…you're not serious?" "Did you think Diagon Alley was all the wizarding world had to offer?" Blaise asked her, now looking amused. "You never ventured past all the shops down here?" "No," Hermione admitted. "This is… this is beautiful." While Diagon Alley had charming shops and storefronts, Horizont Alley seemed much more laid back than its counterpoint. There were charming dining areas set out on the street in front of restaurants, all of which looked much nicer than the Leaky Cauldron. There were shops still on this street too, but they looked different – classier, fancier. Twilfitt and Tattings looked more like a chic boutique than the general all-purpose robes of Madame Malkin's. Wiseacre's Wizarding Equipment looked considerably more specialized and higher-scale than any of the other shops she had seen selling wizarding devices. And… was that a theater, there? "Come on," Blaise said, taking her hand and pulling her along. He rounded another corner, and the street opened up into a large square. Blaise took her over to an outdoor seating area in front of a large place called The Hopping Pot. "Here," he said. "Stay here. I'll be right back." He vanished into the building, and Hermione used the chance to look around. The large square seemed nice, Hermione evaluated – not quite as busy and as frantic as Diagon Alley, but also not as trendy and upscale as Horizont Alley. A nearby sign declared the square 'Carkitt Market', and not for the first time, Hermione wondered at the wizarding world's odd trends in naming things. There were many people strolling around, several of them stopping to chat with acquaintances around the square as they encountered each other. It felt like something out a period piece. "Here." Hermione turned to see Blaise returning, carrying two cups with him. He sat down across from her and pushed one across to her. The cup was warm in her hands, and the liquid inside smelled sweet. "What's this?" Hermione asked. "Warm butterbeer," Blaise told her. "It's good – different from the cold kind, but still very good." Hermione had never heard of butterbeer before, let alone tried the cold kind. The liquid was warm and sweet, and it reminded her strongly of hot cocoa, only instead of chocolate, this was flavored with butterscotch. Hermione took another slow sip, letting the warmth spread through her throat and chest before putting the cup back down. "Thank you. This is really good," Hermione said, and Blaise grinned. "It is, isn't it?" Blaise said. "I prefer it to the cold kind, actually." Blaise was much more relaxed around her now than he had been in school and in Flourish and Blotts, Hermione noted. He smiled easier, with actual grins instead of just smirks, and he seemed looser, less formal. She wondered if Blaise ever felt stifled by needing to behave in a very particular way in school and in Slytherin. She knew she did, and she often took refuge in relaxing around Harry and Neville, but she didn't know if Blaise had any friends not in Slytherin he could relax with. "So," Hermione said finally, idly stirring her drink. "I'm officially under your protection now, am I?" She was half-expecting Blaise to sit up and grow more formal. Offers of protection in pureblood society were not a thing tossed about lightly. But to her surprise, Blaise offered her a lazy smirk. "Do you want to be?" he teased. He winked, and Hermione flushed, prompting a laugh from him. "Relax, Hermione," he told her, smiling. "It doesn't have to be some big production. I mean, it can if you want it to be, but it doesn't need to be." "Are you even authorized to make such an offer?" Hermione said, giving him a look. "From what I understand, these things involve the heads of families." "I'm the head of the Zabini line," Blaise told her, quirking an eyebrow. "My Father died when I was two, you know. And the Zabini line is patriarchal. I mean, my mother's functionally the head right now while I'm underage, but officially, I am." Hermione's first instinct was to offer him her sympathies for the loss of his father, only to remember that his mother had probably poisoned his father and caused his death. She doubted Blaise would want to address something so charged in public. "Are some lines not patriarchal?" Hermione questioned. Blaise shrugged. "Sure. Not many of them, granted, but some are matriarchal. The Shafiq family is the highest-standing one that I know of. I think the Bones too, maybe?" He considered a moment, before shooting her a smirk. "And, presumably, yours." Hermione smirked, and Blaise smirked back. She liked that he knew her well enough to know she'd never give up her name for anyone else. Not after she was so determined to establish the name of Granger as its own Great House. "So we're both the heads of our respective families," Blaise said, shrugging. "If you wanted to do a formal protection thing, we could. Or we can keep it loose and informal." Hermione got the impression that Blaise generally preferred keeping things looser than the other purebloods of Slytherin. "What would that mean?" "I mean, I'd still watch out for you, same as a formal agreement," Blaise said, "but I'd do it because I want to, not because of a formal magical agreement between two houses. There wouldn't be any magical consequences if I didn't try to protect you, like there would be with a formal thing, but then you also wouldn't have to swear fealty to House Zabini in order to be under its protection." Hermione pulled back with a scowl. "Swear fealty? To you?" Blaise smirked. "I didn't think you'd like that part." Hermione considered, weighing the matter in her mind. "We're both underage, so I'm not even sure if we can legally enter into binding agreements," she told him. "I think it's best we keep this informal, at least for now–" "No problem by me," Blaise said with a smirk. "–but it will be a mutual agreement," Hermione told him. "If I'm under your protection, you have to be under mine." "I'll be under you anytime, Hermione," Blaise flirted, prompting a laugh from Hermione even as her face colored. "No – really. Blaise, I don't need you to protect me—" "That's not what Potter said," Blaise muttered. "—so if we're going to do this, it will be as equals," Hermione informed him. "I will watch out for you, if you watch out for me." "That's not really an offer of protection then though," Blaise argued. "That's more of an alliance." "Then we'll be in an alliance of sorts," Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "If we still protect each other, does the terminology really matter? Or just the end result?" Blaise looked like he was wanted to object again. Hermione bit her lip, before trying a different tactic. "Besides, we wouldn't call it an alliance, Blaise," she said softly, looking up to meet his eyes with hers. "We'd call it 'being friends'." Blaise's eyes widened slightly, before his face softened. "Alright, Hermione," he said with a sigh. He gave her a look. "But this means you have to tell me if you get seriously bullied again." "Fine by me," she said, satisfied. Hermione had no problems with that. If she could have someone to count on when going up against those who had bullied her, she'd be much less likely to come out such an incident half-bloodied and weak. "Blaise!" A voice called out from across the market, and Blaise's back went ramrod straight. He let out a low groan, and Hermione gave him a quizzical look as she turned to see who had called out to him. An absolutely striking woman was approaching him, a smile on her lips. Her robes were stunning, a deep violet velvet embroidered with small floral designs in silver thread, and they fit her in a very flattering fashion before flaring at the hips. She wore her hair loose in shining black waves down her back. Her eyes were a deep purple, and Hermione's eyes flickered back and forth from Blaise's face to the woman's, cataloguing the similar shape of their eyes, the identical slopes of their noses, and their black, wavy hair. Blaise stood, reluctant. Hermione stood a moment afterward. "Mother, may I present to you Miss Hermione Granger?" he said, gesturing. "Hermione is one of my classmates in Slytherin. Hermione, may I present my mother, Elora Zabini." Hermione swept her a curtsy. "A pleasure to meet you, Ms. Zabini." "Miss Granger," the woman said. She gave Hermione an evaluating look, taking in her hair and robes. "Are you and my son close?" Hermione hesitated, not sure how to answer that. "I would count Blaise among my closest friends," she told her honestly. "I was thrilled to run into him at Flourish and Blott's. As much as I treasure his letters, they still don't quite compare to talking to him in person." The woman's eyes widened, a mischievous sparkle lighting them up. "So you're who he's been writing to all summer," she said, with no little satisfaction. Blaise groaned. "Mum—" "Hush, Blaise," she told him. "You have been so wrapped up trading secret letters all summer without telling me who they were for. I'm not about to miss the opportunity to get to better know your new friend." Blaise's face flamed, and he looked down at the table while his mother took the seat to his left. Hermione sat back down on her side of the table cautiously, not quite sure what she was getting into. "So, you are Hermione Granger," his mother prompted. "Of the Dagworth-Grangers?" "I'm afraid not, Ms. Zabini," Hermione said. "I'm not—" The beautiful woman cut her off with a wave of her hand, before giving her a beautifully puzzled look. "Mizz?" she questioned. "What is Mizz?" "Ah," Hermione said, faltering. "It's… it's a title of respect for a woman that doesn't depend on her marital state." Ms. Zabini continued to look politely puzzled, and Hermione elaborated, hesitant. "The title 'Miss' is only used when a woman is unmarried," she said. "And 'Mrs.' is only appropriate when a woman is married. The title 'Ms.' is used for a woman regardless of her marital status." She paused. "It's especially useful when you don't know what other term of address would be appropriate for a woman, or if you prefer not to define women by their relationships with men." Ms. Zabini stared at her for a long moment, before she began to laugh. Her laughter was rich and charming, and Hermione felt a stab of jealousy. She wished she sounded like that when she laughed, instead of like some weird human-hyena hybrid like she sometimes feared. "Oh, I like this one," Ms. Zabini declared to her son. Blaise's face reddened further, and he sank lower down in his chair. Ms. Zabini turned back to Hermione. "Anyway, you were saying…" "Ah, that I'm not of the Dagworth-Grangers, ma'am," Hermione replied. "Just the Grangers." Ms. Zabini tilted her head. "Is that a branch family?" "It's not, mother," Blaise groaned. "Mum, just leave it." Ms. Zabini raised her eyebrows. "A half-blood, then," she said, dismissive. "New Blood, actually," Hermione corrected, taking a deep breath to settle her irritation. "If we must discuss such crass things as bloodlines in the open streets." "'Crass'?" Ms. Zabini said, giving Hermione a sharp look. "I was under the impression you were interested in meeting your son's new friend, not in determining her breeding potential," Hermione shot back. Ms. Zabini recoiled, as if stung. "I was only inquiring after your heritage—" "You were, until you presumed to remark I must be a half-blood," Hermione said, her voice strong. "There is a decided difference between asking because you think you might be familiar with someone's family, and presuming certain things about them based on something so arbitrary as blood." Hermione held Ms. Zabini's gaze steadily. Neither of them faltered. "Hermione is a New Blood, mother," Blaise said quietly from her side. "She's the first of her line." Ms. Zabini broke away to look at Blaise, frowning. "First of her line?" "She's to be the founder of the Granger House," Blaise said. "Magic itself touched her directly. There's a prophecy about it and everything." Mrs. Zabini turned back to Hermione, her gaze now calculating. "I've never heard of a New Blood before," she said. "I'm not surprised, Ms. Zabini," Hermione said blandly. "There hasn't been one for centuries, after all." "But you claim you are-?" "I broke Dumbledore's Transfiguration record my first day of classes," Hermione said, smiling wanly. "I earned the highest marks in my class this year. I'm not just claiming anything, Ms. Zabini – I'm declaring." A family at a nearby table got up and left next to them, and the young child haphazardly tossed its cup in the direction of the trash bin, uncaring that it missed. Hermione scowled, and with a gesture, the cup flew up and into the trash can. Hermione despised it when people littered. "Hermione's been sorted into Slytherin," Blaise stressed. "Slytherin, mother. You don't really think the Sorting Hat would sort her there if she were just some Muggle-born, do you?" Hermione highly doubted she was the only person with Muggle parents to ever be sent to Slytherin. She suspected ones who had gone before her claimed to be halfbloods - the result of illicit affairs with wizards, perhaps. But if Blaise wanted to presume, he could. Ms. Zabini was looking thoughtful, her eyes on the cup Hermione had thrown away. "I have never heard of such a thing before," she said slowly, "but that does not mean it does not exist. And my son seems quite taken with you." She settled a brilliant smile on Hermione, and Hermione felt her breath taken away. No wonder Blaise's mother had managed to snag seven husbands, even with her history – she was truly beautiful, the kind of beauty that men sailed ships for and went to war over. "Now," Ms. Zabini said, smiling, her eyes sparkling and devious. "Do tell me about what all my son gets up to in school."
Hermione's trip to Diagon Alley had been eventful. By the time Ms. Zabini had let her leave, after embarrassing Blaise with stories about him as a child (that Hermione privately thought were adorable), it had been nearly dinner time, and she'd had to hurry home to get back in time for supper. Her parents had been slightly worried, but they were pleased to hear that she'd run late because she was meeting her friends' parents. Good manners were very important to the Grangers, and Hermione could tell they were proud that she'd made sure to introduce herself to the adults she had met. The summer resumed and carried on much as it had been – she went to her internship and read all day, and she practiced her magic and flying in the back yard. She was getting solidly better at flying, now. If she was very careful, she could slowly levitate herself straight up about six feet and straight back down. It was exhausting, trying to tamper down on the excited air elemental still dancing around inside of her, but Hermione was slowly getting the hang of it. She was at least confident of her gliding ability – if she ever fell off a broom or was thrown off the Ravenclaw tower, she'd be able to glide safely back down to the ground. Blaise's letters changed after his mother had met her, and Hermione wondered if she was reading them over before he sent them. He was still ridiculous and over the top in them, but he told stories she suspected were true, now, instead of fanciful, obviously false tales. The story of Draco falling prey to a trick wand that had enchanted his robes to be pink and purple with a large, florid theme had sounded all too real. She could practically imagine Draco storming around, demanding someone fix his robes while Blaise and Theo laughed hysterically. She wondered if the three boys visited each other regularly over the summer, and if they visited Gregory and Vincent as well. With Floo powder making magical travel easy, she imagined they probably did. The difficulty lay with the fact that because Blaise was now telling her truthful stories in his letters, she felt obliged to reply in kind. Only… Hermione wasn't spending the summer doing exciting things with her friends, practicing Quidditch, or playing pranks – she was spending it reading for her internship, reading other magic after she got home, and practicing drawing her own ritual circles. She was well aware that none of those things were particularly interesting to describe in a letter. Theo might have been interested, but he liked magical theory, and maybe even Draco would be curious, as he had somehow come in second in the class. Hermione wasn't terribly close with them, though – she was friends with Blaise, who was easy-going, outrageous, flirty, and fun, and Hermione sincerely doubted he'd want to read about how she spent all day experimenting with ritual circles and triangles with sidewalk chalk on the patio. She eventually wrote back her own stories of exciting wizarding things she had done earlier in the summer. She told him about rescuing Harry with the Weasleys from his Muggle relatives' house, though she didn't go into details about how they'd flown off with him in an illegally-enchanted car instead of on brooms. She mentioned the Weasley twins approaching her about working with them, as well as how curt Mrs. Weasley had been to her. However, Hermione had a dearth of wizarding stories to write back to Blaise about, so it was with that in mind that she reached out to Neville, inviting him to meet her at Diagon Alley the next weekend to visit, figuring to kill two birds with one stone: to see a good friend, and to get a story out of it as well. Neville had happily accepted, though he warned her his grandmother would be lurking around, as he wasn't allowed to go to Diagon Alley alone. He asked if she wanted to meet for tea at 3 o'clock, which sounded nice, but wouldn't exactly make a good story. Hermione crossed her fingers that something interesting would happen. It was the wizarding world; it wasn't exactly unheard of for unexpected things to crop up. Harry was still staying at the Weasleys' for the rest of the summer, and he sent her letters by owl, now, like the rest of her friends. He expressed his happiness for her and her internship, teasing her that there was no other job she'd be best suited for. Harry seemed to be spending his summer playing Quidditch in the back yard with the Weasleys, doing chores to help out around the Burrow, and hanging out with Ron. Hermione urged Harry to be sure to finish his summer homework, and she was proud of him when he responded that he already had. Hermione felt mildly apprehensive about Harry spending so much time with the Weasleys, especially with Ron. She knew that Harry and Ron shared a dormitory at Hogwarts, but somehow, Harry staying at Ron's house felt different. There was a measure of worry there, that Ron would convince Harry that Hermione was evil and brainwash him into not wanting to be her friend anymore, and she would be tossed to the side. Hermione believed in Harry, remembering his fierceness as he confronted Blaise about being her friend, but she could recognize her old insecurities were tugging at her nevertheless. Hermione spent a lot of the summer thinking about her friends and missing them. Friends had never come easily to her, and the ones she'd managed to make, she cherished. She wasn't comfortable going to their houses to visit them, but she longed for the time when she would be. It wasn't until Hermione was reading a letter from Harry, where Harry mentioned that Ron's younger sister, Ginny, was anxious about getting sorted, that Hermione realized what that meant. Ginny was younger. There would be new first years coming to Hogwarts, now. And that meant Luna Lovegood would finally arrive at school. Hermione Granger had a lot of complicated feelings about Luna Lovegood. Not the bad kind. Just… tangled ones. On one hand, Luna had been the one to offer the prophecy of her being a New Blood. Her words and her help in Flourish and Blotts two years ago had been what put Hermione on the path she was on. That power Luna had, of glimpsing the future… that intimidated Hermione. She had a vague understanding of how the wizarding world viewed time, but it was still impressive and eerie that some people could see the future. Hermione felt somewhat awed by Luna, in a way, and had mentally put her on a sort of pedestal. But on the other hand, Hermione had liked Luna. Luna had helped her pick out school books, and she'd helped her get her start in the wizarding world. Hermione wanted to be friends with her – real friends, not a worshipful-type one. And Luna had said they could be the best of friends, hadn't she? So surely she wouldn't mind if Hermione treated her like a friend, and not with reverence? But it had been years. They'd met two years ago. What if Luna didn't remember her? What if she didn't want to be friends after all? What if she had changed? Hermione hadn't been good at making friends at Muggle school. She'd been terrible at it, actually. She'd managed to get Harry and Neville to be her friends by deliberately picking them out and making a conscious effort to be friends, and then informing them that she wanted to be their friends. She got lucky with them, she felt – neither Harry nor Neville seemed to have ever had good friends either, before, so they just stuck with her by default. Hermione wasn't entirely sure how she'd pulled off making friends in Hogwarts with others without trying to. She supposed a lot of it was she was finally surrounded by people like her, who didn't designate her as weird or other, like the muggles had done in primary school. Hermione had managed to make a few close friends in Slytherin, in addition to Harry and Neville, and she was friendly acquaintances with several Ravenclaws and most of the rest of the Slytherins in her year, too. It was more than she'd ever managed before, and Hermione was glad of it. But that had developed over the course of a year. With Luna… It was frustrating. It felt like it was supposed to be different, somehow, their friendship. Like it was supposed to magically just snap into place, fully formed. Like they would go from separate individuals to trusted confidants in a moment, magically. Hermione reflected that she had probably been hoping for too much back when she first met Luna. She had no friends then, and Luna's promise of being her friend had meant the world to Hermione. That fierce emotion was still there, when she thought of Luna – of someone wanting to be her friend – and Hermione still held that desire tight. But she had no idea if Luna felt the same. It was a really, really weird feeling, wanting desperately to be the friend of someone you barely knew, and Hermione didn't like it. She also despised herself that she'd been too anxious to ever send Luna a letter; surely, Luna would be more comfortable with becoming her friend if Hermione had kept in contact with her over the two years since they'd met. But Hermione never had. As best as she could, Hermione put the matter from her mind. Either Luna would still want to be her friend, or she wouldn't. Hermione was determined to be okay and accept it no matter what. Though, that didn't stop her from going along with her mother to Muggle London one day and picking out a few silver charms, hoping she'd be able to hook them onto the bracelet she'd given away in a magical bookshop so long ago.
Hermione wore the same green robe to Diagon Alley that she had before, taking all her other robes with her to trade with Madame Malkin before Neville arrived for tea. Madame Malkin had rolled her eyes but exchanged them, and Hermione happily paid her the difference and stashed the new robes into her bag. The weather was pleasant, so Hermione and Neville took tea outside of a small shop on Diagon Alley. Neville was visibly happy to see her. "I don't get to see my friends much," Neville admitted. "My Grandmother isn't big on having people to the manor. She's very strict. I was lucky that she left me here so she could do 'ladies' shopping', but I have to meet her at the Leaky at 5 o'clock sharp to go home." "Have you seen anyone over the summer?" Hermione asked. "I saw Seamus a couple weeks ago, I think? But I just ran into him at Gringotts. Not like a planned thing or anything." "Oh! That reminds me!" Hermione rummaged around in her bag, withdrawing a box and handing it to Neville, who opened it carefully. "This is… our school books for the year?" Neville asked. He looked up at her, confused. "Thanks, Hermione. I mean, I was going to get these later myself, but-" "I didn't buy them," Hermione interrupted. "I made them." Neville's eyes got wide. "You made them?" he said. "That's- what- how-?" "My summer internship is at the publisher's. They let me keep whatever books I could copy one day," Hermione told him proudly. "I made sets for my friends." Though she'd also made sets for the Weasleys. Hermione didn't exactly count them as 'friends,' but she definitely didn't mind having them feeling like they owed her one. "That's awesome, Hermione!" Neville exclaimed. "Good for you! Wizarding publishing isn't easy, from what I've heard. I'm impressed you can do it already." Hermione chatted happily with Neville about her internship, about how she got to read books all day, and how she'd read their new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor's latest book. "He's a fraud," Hermione told him, fierce. "A fraud, Neville. His books have contradicting information, and their timelines clash with each other. I can't believe he's going to teach us." "Dumbledore didn't have much of a choice," Neville told her grimly. "After the mess with Quirrell last year… parents were mad, Hermione. You-Know-Who teaching their children… there was an inquiry at the Ministry and everything." "Wait, what?" Hermione gaped at him. "How have I not heard about this before?" "Sealed Wizengamot session," Neville said. "My grandmother holds a seat. She told me everything. It was a scandal, the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot being summoned for an inquiry." "So what happened?" Hermione asked. "He… got called in?" "Apparently, when everyone went home, a bunch of students told their parents what had happened with Quirrell," Neville said. "Enough parents checked with each other, and when they realized that all the stories were consistent, they realized there must be some truth to it – even with the You-Know-Who part." It had never occurred to Hermione that students would go home and tell their parents that the Dark Lord had been at Hogwarts. When she'd been retelling the tale to everyone, she'd just been focused on providing accurate information so the rumor mill didn't end up spinning things out of control. But with the whole story being known by more than just a few people… And in this case, the truth was probably stranger and more horrifying than any fiction the rumor mill could have made up. "The Wizengamot called a closed session. Dumbledore had to answer questions from everyone." Neville paused. "Apparently, a lot of the more Slytherin Pureblooded families were really upset – the Malfoys, the Notts, the Greengrasses." "You sound surprised," Hermione commented. "Why does that surprise you?" Neville gave her a wry smile. "If anyone wouldn't be upset about You-Know-Who teaching students, I imagine it'd be them," Neville told her. "They… those families have Dark associations and reputations left over from the war." The Malfoys and the Notts, Hermione had known; Ron had regularly ranted about Draco Malfoy and Theo Nott being baby Death Eaters in training. "The Greengrasses, too?" Hermione asked. "I didn't realize they were associated with the Dark." "They were close with a few families that went Dark, and they kind of got stained by association, I think," Neville said. "The Blacks, the Notts, the Carrows…" "So what did they ask Dumbledore?" Hermione wanted to know. "I didn't think the Ministry had control over Hogwarts." "It doesn't. Not really. But because it became a 'safety of the children' issue, they hauled Dumbledore in to question him." Neville sipped his tea. "In the end, they ruled it was unreasonable to expect Dumbledore to have known Quirrell had gotten possessed by You-Know-Who over the summer; Quirrell had taught Muggle Studies for years beforehand with no issues. But public outcry was still high enough that Dumbledore needed to appoint a teacher that no one could object to for Defense Against the Dark Arts this time around." "So he chooses a fiction writer?" Hermione scoffed. "Gilderoy Lockhart is really famous, Hermione," Neville said, shrugging. "He probably did do the things he wrote about, and then just exaggerated them to make a better story. I'm sure it'll be fine." Hermione laughed. "You're too trusting, Neville." "You're not trusting enough, Hermione," Neville teased her back, though his face flushed. "At least give him the benefit of the doubt." Hermione rolled her eyes and sat back in her chair, sipping her tea. She didn't think she was being unreasonable, but she supposed it wouldn't hurt anything to try and keep an open mind before going into Lockhart's class the first time. "I guess," she finally conceded. "Though I hope he can at least teach us some things. I want to learn the Patronus Charm – I read about it over the summer, and it seems like a really good thing to know offhand. I want to learn the shield charm, too." "As a second year?" Neville laughed. "You're crazy, Hermione. We won't cover those for another few years. I doubt I'll be able to get them even then." Hermione looked at Neville quizzically. "Why not?" Neville looked at her uncertainly. "…because it's me?" "What's that supposed to mean?" Hermione asked, confused. "Why wouldn't you be able to learn them?" "Oh." Neville looked down at the table. "I forgot. You're… we're not in many classes together, are we?" He looked down at the table, and a silence fell over them. Hermione looked at Neville carefully, taking in his quiet, subdued manner. "Not really," Hermione said neutrally. "I think they try to keep Gryffindors and Slytherins on separate schedule tracks deliberately." "Ah. That's probably smart. Well…" Neville took a deep breath, then looked at Hermione, determined. "I'm not a very good wizard, Hermione." He looked so serious, with such a brave face on, like he was scared she was going to reject him, that Hermione forced herself to bite back her instinctive reaction – which was to laugh. "I don't believe that for a second," Hermione said instead, decisively. "Neville, why would you say such a thing?" "Because it's true," Neville said. He looked upset. "I'm always last to learn new spells in class, Hermione. My homework marks are what helped me pass Charms and Transfiguration. Herbology is the only thing I'm really good in. I just… I don't have enough magic to really use my wand." Neville looked so ashamed that Hermione could only just stare at him in silence. There was no way Neville could be that bad of a wizard, Hermione thought. There just was no way. A large part of learning magic, it seemed, was just practice and determination, and Neville had that in spades. He did well in Herbology, and it seemed like the more powerful a witch or wizard you were, the more your plants flourished. And if Hermione could tutor Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle enough to pass their Charms practical, there was no way Neville couldn't do the same. Hermione gave Neville an evaluating look, considering what he'd told her. Neville squirmed under her gaze. "Do you have your wand on you?" she said finally. "Of course." Neville looked surprised. "Why?" "Can I see your wand?" Hermione said, gesturing. "If you're only struggling in the classes that use your wand, maybe it's broken." "You- you want to see my wand?" Neville blushed a brilliant red, but handed it over to Hermione, not meeting her eyes. "H-Here." Hermione didn't know if it was a societal no-no to hold someone else's wand or if she'd unknowingly stepped into a well-known wizarding innuendo, but judging from Neville's reaction, she guessed it was one of the two. She blushed a bit herself, but she tried to force the embarrassment from her mind. Neville's wand was longish and worn, the handle smoothed and faded. There were no obvious chips or cracks, though it looked well-used. Hermione considered carefully, examining it. "What is it?" she said finally. "Unicorn hair?" "I think a dragon heartstring?" Neville ventured. "I know it's oak, though." "You're not sure?" Hermione was surprised. "Ollivander didn't tell you?" "I didn't get it from Ollivander," Neville said. "It was my father's." Hermione stared. "Neville," she said flatly. "That's why." Neville blinked. "Why what?" "Why you're having trouble with your magic," Hermione said, exasperated. "Neville, a wand has to choose you. A wand isn't something you can just inherit." Neville looked miserable. "My Grandmother gave it to me. She said I needed to live up to my father's legacy. If I can't use it, it's because I can't live up to it." "That's ridiculous," Hermione snapped. "That's like giving a brilliant violinist a flute and demanding they make music with it. The musician's certainly capable of producing beautiful music, but they need the right tool in order to do so." Neville stared at her, something like hope flickering in the back of his eyes. "I… you really think so?" he ventured. "I know so," Hermione asserted. "Neville, we're going to have to get you a new wand. Now." "My Grandmother will never go for it," Neville objected. "She'll say I'm disgracing my family, not using my father's wand." "Then we won't tell her," Hermione argued. "Neville, this is a big deal. You need your own wand." "Inheriting someone else's wand is done all the time, though," Neville tried. "Ron uses one of his older brother's old wands." "You're using Ron Weasley as your standard for academic excellence?!" Hermione threw her hands up. "I can't believe this!" Neville's face bloomed with color. "…okay," he admitted. "Not really." Hermione took a deep breath, before letting it out in a sigh. "What's really going on, Neville?" she asked quietly. "The issue isn't actually your grandmother, is it? If it was, I'm sure we could come up with a plan where you got your current wand broken in a heroic manner – or even fake a broken wand while you hide this one away as a keepsake. But it seems like you don't want to get a new wand. Why not?" Neville bit his lip, looking down into his murky tea. "It's okay, Neville," Hermione said softly, laying a hand on top of his. "You can tell me anything." Neville looked up at her, and Hermione was shocked to see tears brimming in his eyes. "What if I get one and I'm still a terrible wizard, Hermione?" Neville's voice quavered. "What if I get a new wand, and everything's worse?" "Then at least we'll know, Neville," she said gently. "It's always better to know." Neville sighed, rubbing his eyes fiercely. "Everyone's always told me I'm a terrible wizard," Neville said miserably. "My family thought I was practically a Squib. I don't think– Hermione, it won't work." "Then do it for me," Hermione said. "Neville. Neville. Look at me." Her tone was commanding, and Neville looked back at her immediately. "Do this as a favor for me," Hermione said. "If you never use the wand ever again, fine. That's your choice. But come with me and at least get one. Alright?" Neville looked uncertain, then resigned. "Only because you're a friend, Hermione," he said. "In the name of our friendship, I will. But don't be disappointed when it doesn't work." "We'll see," Hermione scoffed, rolling her eyes as she stood. She fished a couple galleons out of her bag to leave on the table and looked at Neville expectantly. "What?" Neville scrambled. "Now?" "No time like the present," Hermione said pleasantly. "And the tea was cold, anyway." Neville stood and followed her, mumbling something about warming charms, but Hermione paid him no mind, sweeping toward Ollivander's, Neville hurrying to catch up. "How are you so fast?" Neville wanted to know, and Hermione laughed. "I've already hit my growth spurt," she said. "It'll be done soon, I think, if it hasn't finished already. But my legs are longer, now." "I wish I was taller," Neville said, and Hermione shrugged. "You have time; you'll get there," she said. "You probably won't hit your growth spurt for another year or two, and then you'll get a lot taller." Neville gave her an odd look. "Growth spurt?" Hermione stopped short. "Yes, your growth spurt," she said slowly. "When you hit puberty. One of the first things that happens is your body begins to change from a boy's into a man's." Neville's eyes were wide. "And that's… that's called puberty?" Her eyes widened in astonishment. "…yes. That's called puberty." As she pushed open the door to the wand shop, Hermione despaired, wondering if Hogwarts had anything akin to a Sex Ed class for the students to take. Ollivander's shop was dusty and dingy as ever. Neville jumped a little when Ollivander emerged from the back. Hermione entertained herself by looking at the wand holsters on the wall while Ollivander went through his "the wand chooses the wizard" spiel with Neville, who was quietly shaking. When Ollivander went into the back, Hermione turned to face Neville. "It'll be fine, Neville," she reassured him. "This might take a while, but Ollivander will help you find the wand that suits you best." Ollivander emerged from the back. "Twelve and a quarter, holly, unicorn tail hair. Try it." Neville waved the wand, and a box fell off the shelf. Ollivander snatched it back. "Eleven and a half, elm, dragon heart string." A blast of smoke went off, sending everyone into a coughing fit. "Not that one either," Ollivander muttered. "Try this…" Hermione watched as Neville obligingly waved wand after wand for a while, each wand misfiring as it was tried. When Ollivander ran out of them for him to try and had to return to the back shelves for more, Neville looked back at Hermione, anxiety written across his face. "Is it normally like this?" he asked. "When wands don't match up properly?" Hermione winced. "Ah… the magic misfires, yes. Sometimes things break." "Break?" Neville looked frightened, not even paying attention as Ollivander muttered at his side, handing him a new wand, which produced a sad red spark and was quickly snatched away. "Not the wand, or you," Hermione assured him. "Just… Ollivander's light globes, sometimes. There's a reason this store is so dark and dingy." Neville looked torn, with part of him horrified, and another part painfully relieved. "At least it's not just me," Neville said, waving another wand. A loud bang sounded as several boxes were blown off the shelves. "If everyone's magic does all these crazy things before they find the right wand..." "Thirteen and a quarter, alder, phoenix feather core," Ollivander said. "Try." Neville took the wand, Hermione watched with satisfaction as an expression of shock and epiphany spread over his face. When he waved the wand, a shower of brilliant sparks and glittering lights came out, drifting softly to the ground. Neville turned to face Hermione, his face open, reverent. "This… you…" Hermione was smug. "Remember this feeling the next time you doubt me, yes?" she teased. "Hermione's always right." "That'll be seven galleons," Ollivander informed him, looking around at the mess Neville had made. "Now get out of my shop."
The summer seemed to last far too long, but also end far too quickly, and Hermione felt torn. She loved her internship, she loved reading books and marking them all day, and she even loved doing whatever odd errands Mr. Vitac had her running, but Hermione also longed to go back to Hogwarts - where she could study and practice more openly, where she could ask questions of her teachers, and where she had access to the library. She missed her classes, she missed her professors, and she desperately missed her friends. On the last day of her internship, Hermione was surprised with a cake and a party by her coworkers, complete with a small wrapped gift of a stuffed dragon. "Go on, go on!" Cadmus Vitac said. "Blow out the candles!" "It's not my birthday," Hermione objected. "All cakes need candles," he declared, scoffing. "Now blow them out!" Hermione obligingly blew out the candles, and her coworkers cheered. Someone cut up the cake, passing out pieces, and Hermione smiled as they all talked around the break room, relaxing and happy. Even if they were only happy for the break and the cake, she felt fond of her coworkers, even the grousing ones. Hermione had learned a lot over the summer. "If you want to come back next summer, let me know," Cadmus said, clapping her on the shoulder soundly. "Severus made your contract only for this summer, but I'm sure we can draw up another one and do this again!" "We'll see," Hermione said, smiling. "I really enjoyed this. Thank you so much for the opportunity." Cadmus assured her that he would be more than happy to write her a letter of recommendation if she would ever need it, Michael gave her a hug, and Hermione waved good-bye to a cheering crowd at the end of the day, everyone wishing her good luck with her second year. Her portkey dropped her off at home in her living room, for the last time, and there was a solemn quiet in the house. Hermione's lip quivered, and she threw herself onto the couch, bursting into tears. Her parents were surprised to come home and find their daughter clutching the small stuffed dragon to her on the sofa, sniffing, tears still quietly streaming down her face. Hermione could see her parents exchange a look, before her father went to the kitchen and her mother moved to sit down next to her, gathering Hermione into her arms without a word. Hermione's arms snuck around her mother's waist and hugged her close, and her mother sighed, stroking her hair. "I don't even know why I'm crying," Hermione said, her voice wobbly. "It's just – everyone was so nice, and they even got me a cake-" "Sshh, love, it's okay," her mother said, shifting her so Hermione was lying down on the couch, her head in her lap. Hermione let her eyes close, her mother playing gently with her hair still, soothing her. "Change is always hard, even good changes." "I want to go back to school," Hermione stressed. "I don't know why I'm so sad about it!" "Feelings don't always make sense," her mother said gently. "And that's okay. Sometimes they just need to be let out. You're very mature for a twelve-year-old, Hermione, but you're still a growing girl. There's a lot of new emotions and feelings coming your way, and they're not going to make much sense to you at first." "New emotions?" Hermione asked. "Your hormones are changing your ability to feel feelings, giving you a greater depth of emotion," her mother told her. "Right now, you probably feel most of the basic emotions – happiness, sadness, anger, love, disgust, envy, surprise, trust." "And there are more?" "They're more combinations of all the others in some form of fashion," her mother elaborated. "Falling in love, for example, will be new for you. Heartbreak will be another one. Betrayal, unfortunately. Depression. Indignation. Shame. Pity. Hatred. Dejection. Devotion." "They all sound bad," Hermione complained, and her mother laughed. "Maybe, but they're part of being human, Hermione," she said. "It's important to accept them as part of being a person, and when you're feeling something new and strange to realize it, pause, try and identify it, acknowledge it, and move forward." Hermione sat up, sniffing, giving her mother a curious look. "Acknowledge it?" "It's important to acknowledge your emotions," her mother said firmly. "If you try to deny them, they'll crop up at the worst times." "Like what?" "Well… once, in school, one of my friends borrowed something of mine and broke it," her mother said, her tone changing as she reminisced. "I was furious at her, but I kept trying to tell myself that it didn't matter because it was just a toy. I was scared that if I confronted her, I would lose her as a friend, but I stayed angry for a long time, and it really hurt us in the end." Hermione had never heard this story before. "What happened?" "I ended up screaming at her one day after school when she asked to borrow something else," her mother said ruefully. "Everyone watched us have a screaming match. It was awful, and we weren't friends for months afterwards. Looking back, if I had just told her how I felt and acknowledged the emotion at the time, we would have probably been able to work through it and stay friends." Hermione bit her lip. "I feel sad," she said slowly, "because I will miss feeling useful and reading books all the time. I feel… anxious, because I do not know how the new school year will go, and I feel nostalgic, because I look back at this summer and I was so happy, and I don't know how things will be from here." Her mother offered her a smile. "Very good," she said. "Do you feel any better?" Strangely, Hermione found that she did.
King's Cross was bustling, and Hermione was glad that her parents had come to see her off. "I will miss you so much!" Hermione told them, hugging her father tightly. "I'll get good marks, and I promise I'll write!" "You had better," her father teased, ruffling her hair. "I want to hear all about your latest dangerous dungeon adventures, you hear?" "Richard!" her mother admonished, but her father just laughed. "I'll write all the time," Hermione told them, moving to hug her mother good-bye. "I'll be okay. I promise. I'll make you proud." "Oh, Hermione," her mother sighed, smiling at her. She brushed back an errant curl behind Hermione's ear. "You are turning into a wonderful young woman, but you'll always be my little girl. I'll always be proud of you." Hermione squeezed her mother tight, tearing herself away, taking deep breath. "You ready?" her father asked, and Hermione nodded, once. "It's still very odd, walking through a wall," her mother mused, looking at the wall separating Platform 9 and Platform 10. "Though I don't suppose I could think of anything better." "You'd better go, Hermione, or we'll have to say good-bye all over again," her father advised, teasing. "Your mother and I will create a distraction." "We will?" Hermione's mother looked skeptical. Her father grinned. "Of course." He tugged her mother into the middle of the platform, before bending her backwards and kissing her deeply. It was very dramatic, and someone whistled. Hermione laughed, and she could see her mother's face turning red, even as she kissed him back. Hermione used the opportunity to slip through the barrier, the hoots and hollers changing into the familiar noises of a steam engine running, owls hooting, cats yowling, and far too many parents chatting and crowding around to see their children off. She smiled, taking a deep breath before settling herself. She was going back to Hogwarts. Hermione lugged her trunk through the platform onto the train, casting a discrete levitation charm on it to help. It was heavy. Hermione had shrunk her all her books to fit them all into her trunk, but the sheer amount of them made the trunk staggeringly overweight anyway. "Hermione! Over here!" Hermione turned to see Neville waving at her, pushing through the crowd, and she grinned at him as he helped her lug her trunk onto the train. "This seems familiar," she teased him, and he laughed. "At least I haven't lost Trevor this time," Neville said, patting his pocket. "I learned from last year." Hermione wasn't sure if keeping his toad in his pocket was really the best way to make sure Trevor didn't get lost, but she just grinned back. Neville headed off, looking for Harry, and Hermione made her way through the train, looking for an empty compartment. She glanced into a compartment full of older Hufflepuffs before turning directly into someone, falling backwards. "Ah- sorry!" "It's alright. My fault." Hermione looked up to see Blaise looking at her, smirking. "I've got a compartment two up," he told her. "Join me?" Hermione hadn't planned ahead of who she wanted to sit with, so she amicably tagged along, gladly accepting Blaise's help in shoving her trunk onto the luggage racks. Tracey and Millicent joined them in the compartment, and they settled in, excitedly chatting. Tracey had gotten her hair cut quite short, and she was still excited about it. "It's so much lighter!" she exclaimed, turning her head quickly from side to side, her hair swishing about. "It's so much easier to take care of, too." "That's because there's so much less," Millie commented, and Tracey huffed at her. "That's not the point. The point is it's nice." "Are you giving me a hint?" Hermione said dryly. "That my hair is riotous and terrible, and you think I should cut it all off?" Tracey looked abruptly guilty and uneasy, and Blaise and Millie laughed. "Hermione can't cut her hair off," Blaise said. "That's be like shaving a lion's mane off. It wouldn't be a lion anymore." "I'm not a Gryffindor," Hermione objected. "Yeah, but your hair looks kind of like a mane," Blaise said, giving her a smirk. "It's a simile. Just go with it. A lion doesn't look like a lion without a mane; Hermione wouldn't look like Hermione without her hair." Hermione self-consciously patted her hair down. She didn't think it was that bad. "Oh, Hermione, your hair is fine," Tracey said. "I just know you fight with it a lot. A haircut might help you out." While Hermione privately agreed with her – having less hair would make it a lot easier – she didn't want to cut her hair. Very few witches had short hair, and Hermione didn't want to do anything to make her look less like she belonged. Once the train was happily chugging away, they started swapping stories from the summer. Blaise told them all about the pranks he'd played on Draco over the summer, sending them all into giggles, and Tracey told them about her trip to Spain. Millicent had gone to Ireland for a holiday as well, and her mother had tried to find a leprechaun to catch. Hermione told the story of rescuing Harry from his horrible relatives, and her friends listened with horrified interest. "They locked him up?" Tracey was shocked. "That's awful." Millie was giving Hermione a measuring look. "You went to the Weasleys for help?" she asked. "Why?" "Honestly, my first impulse was to get the Ministry involved," Hermione told them. "And I know Mr. Weasley works in the Ministry." "Yeah, in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts office," Blaise scoffed. "Most useless department ever. He wouldn't have been able to help you." "No, but he probably could have gotten me in contact with someone who could," Hermione pointed out. "Besides, it didn't matter anyway; Ron and the twins helped me get Harry out." "I'm surprised you were okay working with Ronald," Millie commented. "Especially after his remarks at the end of last year." Hermione shrugged, uneasy. "It was for Harry. I didn't have a whole lot of options available." "I can believe it," Tracey said suddenly. They all looked at her, and she looked defensive. "What? I can. I don't feel so angry at him, anymore, like I did. I think the summer helped all that fade." Blaise considered carefully. "I… Hmm. I still find him contemptuous and repulsive, but I'm not sure I still feel the urge to cause his ruin anymore." He leaned back in his seat and sighed, folding his arms behind his head. "I'm sure that'll change as soon as he opens his dumb mouth." Hermione cocked her head and considered. Had it been the summer, giving them all distance? Or had it been something else? "I should probably go check on Harry as it is," Hermione said. "I should make sure Weasley hasn't driven him crazy." "Or completely corrupted him," Blaise said, deadpan. Tracey laughed, and Hermione winced. "Or that," she admitted, and her friends were laughing as she closed the door behind her. Hermione started searching the train, looking for Harry. She found Neville sitting with Seamus and Dean and a couple other Gryffindors, recognizable by their red ties. Neville hadn't seen Harry either, so Hermione carried on. She glanced in on Draco and Theo, who seemed to be arguing fiercely over something while Vincent and Crabbe were thumb wrestling behind them. The more of the train Hermione covered, the more worried she got. Had Harry missed the train somehow? Hermione covered the entire train, to no avail. She went through the train again, peering into each room, her eyes rapidly scanning for Harry's familiar green eyes and mop of black hair. Compartment after compartment held no Harry, and Hermione felt concern start to gnaw inside of her. "Neville?" Hermione said, poking her head into the Gryffindor boys' compartment. "Have you seen Harry?" "Err…" Neville scratched his head. "I haven't, really. Can you not find him?" "I don't think he's on the train," Hermione admitted. "I wanted to double-check." To her astonishment, the other two Gryffindor boys seemed to think this was incredibly cool. "Ron's missing too," Seamus said. "D'you think Harry and him got kidnapped?" "Kidnapped?" Hermione said, incredulous. "No. I think they missed the train." "Yeah, but what if they got kidnapped by Death Eaters bent on revenge?" Dean piped up. "King's Cross is so busy, no one would ever realize until it was too late!" "They could end up trapped into some old manor and have to fight their way out," Seamus added. "Or we'd need to get the rest of Gryffindor together to hunt them down and break them out!" Hermione watched in astonishment as they began plotting their daring escape plan to rescue Harry and Ron, regardless of the fact that they knew none of the necessary details they'd need in order to actually carry out any sort of successful plan, if their nightmare scenario were what was actually happening. So far, their plan consisted of dressing up like wraiths or ghosts to sneak into the Death Eater manor unnoticed. Even Neville was chiming in occasionally, mentioning that they'd need to be careful of certain plants old pureblood families liked to plant around their manors for protection. Was elaborate hypothetical rescue mission plotting just some sort of hobby, in Gryffindor? Was this normal? Her mind went back to the conversation she'd had with Ron and the Weasley twins as she left the compartment. They had fallen into plotting mode like it was second nature… After going through the train a second time, Hermione found herself going to the front of the train and knocking on the prefect's compartment. A familiar Hufflepuff prefect opened it, and Hermione pushed in past her, coming to a stop in front of Jade, who looked at her with one eyebrow raised. "Harry Potter isn't on the train," Hermione told her. "Neither is Ronald Weasley." Jade froze, and the prefects began talking all around. "Let's all calm down. Let's discuss this together." Hermione turned around as Rebecca, the Hufflepuff prefect, moved past her to sit back down. "There's no need to panic," Rebecca said, soothing. "It's likely they simply missed the train. There's no need to worry." "Why would they miss the train, though?" Hermione objected. "All the other Weasleys made it onto the train. Harry was with them. Why are they here, and he's not?" Rebecca looked uneasy. "I'm sure there's a good reason," she said, but Jade scoffed. "It's not our job to assume things," she said. "It's our job to solve the problems, not just hope for the best." Jade strode past her and out of the compartment, and Hermione hurried after her. "Thank you," she said, trotting to keep up. Jade was very tall. "It's my job," Jade said, dismissive. She threw open another compartment, this one full of male prefects. "Weasley," Jade said, sneering. "Your brother and Potter are missing. Were they with you this morning?" Hermione watched as Percy Weasley stood up, brushing out his robes with dignity. "Of course they were," he said. "What do you mean, they're missing?" "They're not on the train," Hermione told him. "Nowhere. I've searched all the compartments." Percy's face flickered with alarm, and Jade shifted her weight, folding her arms. "If they were with you, they should have made it onto the train," Jade said. "It's not like they didn't make it in time because they were late." "We did cut it rather close this morning," Percy admitted. "Your brother is missing," Hermione told him. "Harry, too." The prefects looked around at each other. "I can send an owl to his Head of House," one of them, a Ravenclaw, said finally. "The owl can fly ahead and alert the teachers that they're missing from the train. If they're stuck on the platform, they can go and get them an Apparate them to Hogsmeade." "Is there any spell you can use?" Hermione asked. "Like a locator spell?" Percy frowned. "Not without blood magic," he said severely, "which is highly illegal and restricted by the Ministry." "Your mother has that clock that knows where everyone is, though," Hermione objected, and Percy's face relaxed. "Oh. That's a customized clock," he told her. "She did put our blood on each hand, when she got it. But that clock is very different. A general locator spell for a person would be an incredible invasion of privacy." Hermione supposed she agreed with him, but she felt herself wishing that she had done some sort of locator spell on Harry, somehow. She'd feel better if she knew where he was. "Granger. Look. We'll handle it," Jade told her. "There's nothing you can do right now. You go sit down. It'll be okay." Hermione bit her lip. "Alright." She trudged back to her seat, leaving the prefects to discuss who was going to search the train as she went back. When she returned to the compartment, her friends took one look at her face and sat up, stiffening. "Hermione, what's wrong?" Tracey asked. "You look pale." "Harry's missing," Hermione said. "Ron, too." They all exchanged glances. "They're probably fine," Millie told her. "They were probably just late and missed the train." "All the other Weasleys are here," Hermione said dully. "None of them missed it." They all looked around at each other again. "Potter's starting out early this time," Blaise commented. "The school year hasn't even started yet, and he's off having adventures." A snorted laugh escaped Hermione against her will, and Blaise relaxed slightly, offering her a small smile. "It'll be alright," he told her. "From what I hear, Potter's really hard to kill." That was true, Hermione mused to herself, and Tracey and Millie resumed their conversation about leprechauns. If nothing else, Harry always seemed to end up okay. Still, the Gryffindor boys' conversation about Harry being kidnapped lingered uneasily in her mind. Were there really people out there who'd want to kidnap Harry...? Hermione quietly resolved to herself to find out.
When the train finally arrived at the school, Hermione got off the train, impatiently pushing through and past the others. She was relieved that only the first years had to take boats; she was far too wound up to sit still for long now. She claimed the first horseless carriage for herself, and Blaise followed her into it, as well as the Carrow twins. The carriage soon set off, and Hermione vibrated on her seat nervously. "It'll be fine, Hermione," Blaise told her. "Why are you so wound up about this?" Hermione shot him a dark look. "He's my friend," she told him. "Of course I'm worried." "Yeah, but do you need to be this worried?" Blaise objected. "I'd be this worried if you were missing," Hermione shot back. "I don't want something bad to happen to my friends!" Blaise fell silent at that, looking at her with inscrutable eyes. Hermione broke his gaze and looked out the carriage window, bouncing. She bit her lip. "…the Gryffindors were talking about maybe Harry being kidnapped," she admitted quietly. "I know it's extremely unlikely, but- I just can't stop thinking about it now, you know?" She could see Blaise's face soften with understanding. "I know you already know this," he told her, "but he's fine. It's going to be okay. Worrying won't help matters – it'll just stress you out more." Hermione sighed. "I know." She was well aware that despite her worry, the entire situation was out of her control, and panicking wouldn't help anything. Worrying and anxiety weren't exactly rational matters, though, and it was hard to keep her mind from dwelling on the worst. After the carriages stopped, the students all filed out of them. Professors were there to guide the students inside and to the Great Hall before the first years arrived, and Hermione made a beeline for Snape. "Professor," Hermione said. "Harry Potter is missing. He never made it onto the train." Professor Snape's eyes widened, then narrowed. "Missing?" he said. "Mr. Potter?" "I searched the entire train twice," Hermione told him. "Harry and Ronald were missing, and the prefects couldn't find them either." Snape raised an eyebrow. Hermione could practically feel the and I care because…? sentiment oozing off of him. "We think Weasley might have gone rogue and done something dumb," Blaise said, stepping up next to Hermione. "We figured you'd be a better person to tell – Merlin knows that McGonagall would go easy on him for breaking the rules." Snape's eyes gleamed, and Hermione felt a rush of gratitude for Blaise keeping his Slytherin skills sharp. "I see," he said. "Perhaps I shall look into the matter." He nodded to them in obvious dismissal, and Blaise's hand came up behind her to guide Hermione through the castle to the Slytherin table. Blaise was a solid, comforting presence at her side, and as her worry slowly lessened, Hermione noticed that she wasn't sitting in the same place that she used to. "We're further up," she commented. "We're second years, now," Blaise told her. "We don't sit on the end anymore." Hermione nodded, then bit her lip. She could taste blood on it, from all her biting it in her nervousness. She licked it away, then bit it again. "Stop that." Hermione looked up at Blaise. "Stop what?" "Stop abusing your lip." Blaise's hand came up to cup her face, gently pulling her lip out from under her upper teeth with his thumb. His eyes met hers, holding her gaze. "There's no need to hurt yourself in worry. Your lips are too pretty to hurt." Hermione tore her face away from him, her face flushing as she glared at him. Blaise offered her a lazy, unrepentant grin as their classmates filed in to sit down next to them, Tracey seating herself on Hermione's other side. "You're incorrigible," she muttered. "Flirting with me at a time like this." "All day, every day," Blaise agreed cheerily, and Hermione hmphed and turned away to watch the Sorting. The hall was quieting down, Dumbledore settling into his seat, and a moment later, Professor McGonagall strode in, the first years behind her, gasping as they looked up at the ceiling for the first time. Hermione smiled, remembering her own Sorting – her awe at the Great Hall, her determination to be sorted into Slytherin, her nerves at sitting up in front of the entire school. It had been so nerve-wracking at the time. Now, she looked on it fondly. "Wonder where Snape's gotten to," Tracey murmured, while McGonagall instructed the first years on how to proceed with the sorting. Hermione glanced at the head table; sure enough, his chair was empty. "Adams, Calder!" Hermione watched as a pale-haired boy was promptly sorted into Hufflepuff. She clapped along with the rest of the school as he scurried towards the badgers' table. Bertram, Penelope went to Ravenclaw, and Creevey, Colin went to Gryffindor. Fawley, Jemma was the first to be sorted into Slytherin, followed quickly by Flett, James. Hermione's eyes scanned the first years, looking over them, but it was hard to see over the Ravenclaws – the first years were just so short. "Harper, Andrew!" Andrew joined them at Slytherin, and Hermione clapped along with them, offering the thin boy a smile, which he nervously returned. Another one to Hufflepuff, another one to Gryffindor, and then… "Lovegood, Luna!" Hermione sat up straight, craning her neck to see, and held her breath. Luna Lovegood looked exactly the same as Hermione remembered her – pale, waifish, with light blonde hair that seemed to float around her. She walked up to the stool and sat on it, a serene smile on her face as McGonagall put the hat on her head. She looked perfectly content to be sitting there, not at all worried about everyone in the school watching her. One minute passed, then two. Hermione crossed her fingers, selfishly hoping… "RAVENCLAW!" Luna bounced off the stool and over to the Ravenclaw table, which was applauding loudly. Hermione clapped along with them, with mixed feelings. If not Slytherin, Ravenclaw was the next best option, if Luna still wanted to be her friend. Hermione already had friends in Ravenclaw, too, and she could introduce Luna around. "Motupali, Kumar!" Luna's pale blonde hair drifted out of sight, and Hermione forced herself to watch the rest of the sorting, applauding each time a new Slytherin joined them. There were more new students this year, she noticed – noticeably more. "Why so many?" Hermione murmured. "The war," Millie said quietly. "Eleven years ago, the war was finally over. People felt safe to start families again." Hermione didn't know what to say to that. Weasley, Ginny was the last one sorted – to Gryffindor, to no one's surprise – and Dumbledore stood, gesturing grandly. "Before we begin our feast, let's take this moment to remember our school's motto, and reflect on its meaning to us," Dumbledore said. He looked out over them, stroking his beard. "Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus," he gravely intoned. "'Never tickle a sleeping dragon'. These are words to live by for us all." Hermione exchanged an incredulous look with her friends. Draco Malfoy from across the table looked insulted; Theo looked amused. "And with that," Dumbledore said cheerily, "we feast!" The tables filled with dishes of food, and conversation broke out as people passed dishes around, everyone eager to eat. "Never tickle a sleeping dragon?" Tracey said, filling her plate. "What's that mean? Is he mad?" "Dumbledore just says things to seem like the eccentric old man," Theo said, dismissive. "It is the school motto. I wouldn't look into it too much." "The entire premise is ridiculous," Draco scoffed. "Unless you've got a suicide wish, no one would ever try to tickle a dragon." "You've never been tickled, Draco?" Hermione said, a teasing glint in her eyes. "You might like it, you know." Draco choked on his pumpkin juice, before looking up and shooting Hermione a smirk. "…fair enough." "Is it a threat, though?" Blaise said, his eyes alight. "Maybe Dumbledore's saying he's a dragon, and we'd do best to avoid drawing his attention." "He might be," Daphne said. "He was really irritated by his inquisition at the Ministry; maybe he's warning us not to do anything to cause one again." "As if we were the ones who caused it," Theo scoffed. Hermione felt precisely zero surprise that everyone in Slytherin already seemed to know about what had happened in a secretive, closed, highly-confidential Wizengamot session. "That's possible," Draco allowed. "And he's warning us that if we draw his attention, there will be repercussions." "It's always better to not draw the Headmaster's attention," Hermione commented, remembering his pale blue eyes fixed on her at the end of last year's feast. "I can't imagine there'd ever be a reason for him to pay attention to you that was good." "Especially given he can find out all your secrets." Theo shuddered. "No thank you. I'll stay far away." Hermione looked at him. "What do you mean, he can find out all your secrets?" Theo gave her a look that Hermione returned quizzically. Theo let out a sharp sigh, then shook his head. "Dumbledore just seems to know everything that's going on in the castle," he commented. "I bet the portraits all spy on us and report to him." That didn't seem quite like what Theo had been saying, but Hermione wouldn't put it past Dumbledore to have a secret spy network of portraits. If she were Headmaster, she would have one. "Snape still isn't around," Blaise remarked. "You're right," Hermione said, looking. "I wonder why?" A familiar, airy lilt entered the conversation. "He's trying to punish Harry and Ron." There was a smile in the voice. "He'll rejoin us soon." Hermione whirled around to see Luna Lovegood, smiling at her serenely as if no time had passed. Hermione felt her breath catch and her heart swell, and she barely caught herself from hugging Luna close – she was back at Hogwarts, now; she needed to calm down with the touchy-feely stuff. "Luna!" she exclaimed. "Congratulations on Ravenclaw!" "Thanks, Hermione," Luna said. She sat down next to Hermione, squeezing in between her and Blaise without a word. "Of course, I always knew I was going to Ravenclaw, but the hat wanted to argue about it, saying I couldn't be a Ravenclaw already if I hadn't been sorted." "Of course." Hermione smirked, and Luna smiled. "Ah, excuse me? Just who are you?" Hermione groaned to herself, turning to look at Draco Malfoy, who was giving Luna a disgusted expression. She quickly smoothed her features. "This is Luna Lovegood," Hermione said, introducing her to the table at large. "She was just sorted into Ravenclaw." "And… how do you know her already?" Theo asked, raising an eyebrow. Hermione's mouth quirked. "Luna is a Seer." A murmur ran through the nearby Slytherins, glances quickly exchanged. "A Seer?" Blaise sounded impressed. "That's a rare talent." "That usually runs in families," Daphne said. "I don't know much about your father. Is it through the Lovegood or the Evermonde line?" "I'm not sure." Luna tilted her head. "Maybe both." "Oh, please," a snide voice came down the table, and Hermione looked over to see Pansy sneering. "I presume this is the 'Seer' who gave you this New Blood nonsense?" Pansy scoffed. "And we're supposed to believe she's a Seer? Based on what?" Hermione felt her hackles rising, getting ready to retort, but Luna opened her mouth next to her, her dreamy voice coming out. "Oh, you're the part-troll girl, aren't you?" Luna's voice contained no malice, just open curiosity. "I saw you confronting your grandmother about it over the summer. She was so mad at you and refused to answer you, but you knew she was lying to protect you." Pansy froze, staring at Luna, who blinked her large, pale eyes back at her. "How did you know that?" Pansy hissed. "You have no possible way of knowing that. Were you spying on me, you little freak?" Luna just looked at Pansy, while Hermione raised an eyebrow. "I believe it's called scrying, not spying," Blaise commented, smirking. "At least, when a Seer does it." "Can you really see the future?" Draco looked incredulous. "Like, just on demand? Or just random prophecies?" Luna looked to Hermione, as if for guidance, and Hermione shrugged, urging Luna on. Luna turned back to Draco. "The prophecies that come are easier and more accurate," she admitted. "A prophecy coming is like a big buildup of temporal energy that shoots back in time and spills out my mouth. They're usually to do with dramatic things that change the course of the world." "Do those happen often?" Daphne looked fascinated. "Not really," Luna said. She glanced sideways at Hermione. "But they do happen." "Can you see the future, though?" Draco said. "Even if it's not entirely accurate?" "It's rather difficult," Luna said. "There are so many things people can do each day, and each thing a person does can change all the other things other people were going to do." Luna's voice was lilting and musical, and Hermione found watching her housemates' visible unease and warring curiosity amusing. "Can you see what's for breakfast tomorrow?" Greg wanted to know from down the table. "It is not polite to ask a Seer about the future," Daphne hissed at him. "A Seer will tell you if you are to know something they have seen. You do not hassle them and ask them to perform party tricks." But Luna had answered anyway. "For you, nothing," she said. "You'll miss breakfast. You and your closest friend." Greg looked at Luna, then looked at Vince, before looking back. "No," he grunted. "I like breakfast. Wouldn't miss it." Luna shrugged in an airy manner, and Daphne and Draco were giving Greg suspicious looks, to Hermione's intense amusement. Luna turned back to Hermione, smiling. "I am so glad to see you again," she told her, and Hermione could hear the honesty in her voice. "I have thought of you often, Hermione." "Likewise, Luna," Hermione said, giving her a smile. "Oh! I have something for you!" Hermione rummaged in her sack. "Here." Hermione withdrew the several small charms she had purchased with her mother. "These are for your bracelet," she said, and Luna's face lit up. "The Muggle magic," she said. Hermione smiled. "Yes. Exactly." Luna held out her wrist, and Hermione fastened the new charms to the bracelet. "The witch's hat is because you're an official witch now, with a wand and everything," Hermione told her. "The eagle is to celebrate your sorting into Ravenclaw; I got all four, so I'll need to return the other three." "And the last?" Luna asked. "The curly-cue?" Hermione hesitated. "It's a symbol for friends," Hermione told her. "Sometimes Muggles will get matching tattoos of this with their best friends." Luna held up her wrist, observing the new charms as they jingled, before smiling back at Hermione. "Thank you, Hermione," she said. "I should go now, though. Professor Snape will be back soon, and he will be in a bad mood." "You mentioned that earlier," Blaise commented. "You said he's been yelling at Potter and Weasley? What for?" Luna's eyes danced. "Check the Daily Prophet," she remarked. She turned to Hermione, offering her a smile. "I'll see you soon." She floated off back to the Ravenclaw table. Hermione watched as Anthony Goldstein moved to have her sit next to him and started talking to her very rapidly. He kept glancing over at the Slytherin table, and when his eyes met Hermione's, he gave her a grin, and Hermione's face colored. "I wonder what the teachers have been up to," Theo remarked. "Dumbledore and McGonagall have vanished, too. Do you think they're all punishing Potter and Weasley?" "Whatever it is, at least they're still alive," Hermione groaned. "Thank Merlin for small mercies." "It'd have been better if it were a smaller mercy," Draco said. "If only Potter was still alive, I doubt anyone would truly mourn Weasley." There was a snicker around the table, and Hermione felt a sharp jolt of something in her chest when her eyes met Draco's – like a rope, sharply yanking her heart into her lungs. Draco's eyes widened as if he felt something too, and Hermione held her breath, anxious. Conversation continued around them, and Hermione gradually lowered her eyes from Draco's after a long moment when nothing else happened, resuming eating, though she noticed Draco kept shooting her curious looks throughout the feast. When the feast was finally over, the prefects led them down into the dungeons. Hermione felt so pleasantly full, she felt as if she could just topple over into her bed and sleep for a week. She followed as Jade murmured "cambion" to the wall, opening it up to reveal to the common room, and everyone poured in, with some people sitting around, some people going directly to their dormitories. Hermione collapsed into a plush chair, Theo and Draco taking seats near her. "I can't believe I was that small, once," Hermione said quietly, as Jade went through her Slytherin spiel with the new students. "And that was only a year ago." "A lot can happen in a year," Draco said. He was giving her a significant look, but Hermione didn't know what he was implying, and honestly, she was too tired to try and puzzle it out. "There were definitely fewer of us, though," Theo commented. "Fourteen new Slytherins this year. Imagine them all running around underfoot like mice." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Be nice." Jade finished her speech, and everyone seemed to take this as a sign, filtering out and to their dormitories. Hermione stood up and yawned, stretching. She was fully prepared to collapse into her bed for a nice, deep sleep. "Granger?" Hermione turned to see Theo, who was waiting. Theo gave her a look, then glanced at everyone else filtering out. Hermione looked at him quizzically, and it was only when nearly everyone else had left the room that Theo turned back to her. "Earlier," he said. "When I said that Dumbledore can learn all your secrets." "Yes. You said he had portraits spying on us," Hermione recalled. "Yes. But, the truth is, Dumbledore can do a lot more than that." Theo looked grim. "Dumbledore knows Legilimency, Hermione." Hermione cocked her head at him. "'Legilimency'?" "Legilimency. It's a highly restricted art, but Dumbledore knows it," Theo confirmed. "He's not supposed to use it except in special circumstances, but it's not like anyone can prove it if he does it any other time." Hermione's mind was sluggish, trying to put it together. Her Latin wasn't strong; 'mens' was mind, she thought, but what was the stem…? "Can you see the danger, now?" Theo's eyes bored into Hermione's. "Hermione, don't you know what this means? Dumbledore can read people's minds." Very suddenly, Hermione felt entirely, painfully awake.
Hermione found out where Harry had been the following morning: flying a car. "'Flying Ford Anglia Mystifies Muggles'," Draco Malfoy read aloud, his voice pitched to carry. "Two muggles in London were convinced they saw an old car flying over the post office… another one saw the car over Norfolk…" He continued scanning the article in the Evening Prophet, and Hermione looked at the moving photo on the front of the car – a car she had been in not all that long ago. "I heard from Snape that they crashed the car into the Whomping Willow on the grounds, and the car somehow drove itself into the Forbidden Forest afterwards." "You told us about that car, Hermione," Tracey said, her voice awestruck. "Potter and Weasley flew a car here. I can't believe it." "How are they not expelled?" Draco moaned. Hermione didn't wait; as soon as she saw Harry come in, she went over to the Gryffindor table, joining him and Neville. Harry winced as he saw her coming. "What," she said, her voice dangerously low, "happened?" Harry looked uneasy, but he launched into his story. Apparently, the barrier at Platform 9¾ had sealed itself off, and he and Ron couldn't get through. They realized that they had missed the train, and they didn't want to get in trouble for not making it to school on time, so they had decided to fly the car. "You didn't want to get in trouble," Hermione said slowly, incredulous, "so you instead decided to illegally fly a car?" "It sounds so much worse when you phrase it like that…" Harry winced. "…but yeah, essentially." Ron entered the Great Hall, looking sloppy and annoyed. He took a look at Hermione, and his face darkened. "Don't start," he warned her. "We got read the riot act by Snape, McGonagall, and Dumbledore. And this was after the damned tree tried to pulverize us. I don't want to hear it again." Hermione scoffed and folded her arms, and Ron ignored her as he set about filling a plate. "I… I shouldn't have," Harry admitted. "I wasn't thinking. I didn't think to send Hedwig for help. Ron had the idea about the car, and he said that even underage wizards are allowed to use magic if it's a real emergency. And after he said it, it became really exciting, you know?" "It was really cool," Neville admitted. "Everyone in Gryffindor applauded when they finally came in." Hermione rolled her eyes. "Gryffindor would." "That's not it, though," Harry said, fidgeting with his hands. "I owe you an apology. I made you worry. I didn't realize that me not being on the train would cause you to panic." Hermione flinched. "I wouldn't say panic…" "Snape was really mad," Harry continued, his voice low. "He went on about how we flouted the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, but he also went on about how arrogant and callous we were, and how we were shameful friends. That we'd made you so frantic and worried, all because we couldn't be bothered to send an owl." Hermione bit her lip. "…Snape said that?" "I mean, you were panicking a bit, Hermione," Neville pointed out. "You worked yourself up into quite a state, thinking they got kidnapped." Harry winced. "You thought we got kidnapped?" "I didn't know what happened," Hermione told him. She looked at him, her honey eyes meeting his green. "Harry, I was worried." Harry sounded miserable. "I know. I'm sorry." Hermione gave him a steady look. "The next time there is a problem," she told him, "do not go to Ron Weasley for advice, alright? Promise me." Harry winced, but he offered her a tentative grin. "I promise," he vowed. "Never again shall I blindly follow Ron. Instead, I will ask myself 'what would Hermione do?' and act accordingly, and do the smart Hermione-like thing instead." Her lips twitched in amusement despite herself. "Or come ask me yourself," Hermione huffed. Harry smiled. "Or that." There was a rustle of noise, and Hermione looked up to see that the mail was arriving, owls pouring into the Great Hall. She quickly went back over to the Slytherin table; in her experience, being at the same table as the Weasley twins when they were getting mail was a bad idea for your health. She slid in next to Blaise, who'd just arrived, and she snagged an apple from a basket. "So?" Draco drawled. "What did Potter have to say?" He gave Hermione an expectant look, and Hermione sniffed. "That they flew the car to school," she said. "That Professor Snape, Professor McGonagall, and the Headmaster all yelled at them." "They didn't even get points off," Theo said, grumpy. "That's blatant favoritism, there." "Well, technically, the semester hadn't started, and it was for something that occurred outside of school…" Hermione said, trailing off. Theo gave her a look, raising an eyebrow, and Hermione threw her hands up in exasperation. "Okay, yes. It's blatant favoritism of the Gryffindors. But did you really expect any different?" "I expected them to get expelled," Draco groused. "Why aren't you more angry about this, Granger? You were more anxious than anyone. You look like you were up all night worrying." "Thanks, Draco," Hermione snapped. She gently prodded the dark circles underneath her eyes. "Way to make a girl feel good." "I didn't mean it like that," Draco said hastily. "Just that, you know… you look like you were up late, with your skin all pale…" Hermione glared at him, and Theo reached over to pat Draco on the back condescendingly. "Quit while you're ahead, mate," he advised. In truth, Hermione knew she looked exhausted, and it was because she was. It hadn't been from being up all night worrying about Harry, though – after Luna had told her Snape was yelling at him, Hermione had known that Harry had somehow gotten to school okay. Hermione had been up all night reading about Occlumency. Theo's hushed conversation with her before bed about Legilimency had prompted a panic in Hermione – a real panic, this time. If Dumbledore could read minds, and if he looked into hers… well, Hermione suspected he'd be none too pleased to realize she'd made a 'deal' of sorts with the Dark Lord. Even if it was just for books. Said books had been an immense help; Hermione had dived into the trunk of Voldemort's books as soon as she'd gotten back to her dormitory, carelessly bleeding onto it to snap the lock open and ignoring the wound in her hand in favor of searching through his things. She'd found two books: Invading the Mind, by Oberon Lestrange, and Shielding Your Secrets, by Persephone Gaunt. She'd grabbed them both, disguised them with muggle book covers, and read Shielding Your Secrets until dawn. The book was extremely alarming, saying what all a Legilimens could do and how they could read your mind. Hermione had been too tired and hadn't had any time to start practicing the Occlumency exercises the book recommended. Her current strategy was to look at the floor when the Headmaster was around and to never meet his eyes. A loud bellowing abruptly interrupted Hermione's thoughts. "—STEALING THE CAR, I WOULDN'T HAVE BEEN SURPRISED IF THEY'D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET HOLD OF YOU, I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO THINK WHAT YOUR FATHER AND I WENT THROUGH WHEN WE SAW IT WAS GONE– " "What is that?" Hermione asked, clamping her hands over her ears as the yelling continued. "Is that envelope yelling?" "A Howler," Blaise told her. He looked amused. "Seems Mrs. Weasley was none too pleased with her son's antics yesterday." "—LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN'T BRING YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, YOU AND HARRY COULD BOTH HAVE DIED—" Hermione found herself gratified to see that Ron's face was burning bright red in embarrassment, and even Harry looked deeply ashamed. "—ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED – YOUR FATHER'S FACING AN INQUIRY AT WORK, IT'S ENTIRELY YOUR FAULT, AND IF YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE WE'LL BRING YOU STRAIGHT BACK HOME." Hermione watched as the red envelope promptly burst into flames. Ron and Harry both looked stunned, and gradually, sound began to return to the Great Hall, a few people laughing before conversation resumed again. "Serves them right," Draco said, looking darkly pleased. "Kind of cruel, though," Blaise commented, serving himself porridge. "To be humiliated publicly by your mum." There was a silence at that. "Don't care," Draco said finally. "They deserved it." They all continued eating, only to have Theo suddenly sit up in his seat. "Hey," he said, twisting his head. "Where'd Crabbe and Goyle get off to?" Hermione looked around. Daphne was there, next to Theo, and Tracey and Millie and Blaise were by her. Draco was craning his neck, searching, and Pansy was further down the table talking to the Carrow girls. The last two of their class were nowhere in sight. "They're not here," Daphne said, her tone one of wonder. "The Seer was right." Draco's head whipped around. "The Seer?" "Luna Lovegood," Daphne told him. "Goyle wanted to know what would be for breakfast, and she told him he wouldn't make it there. Remember?" An odd, unsettled expression settled on Draco's face. "I'm sure it's just a coincidence," he said, but his voice betrayed his true thoughts. "It's not. She knew Pansy had talked to her grandmother about the troll blood," Tracey said, pointing her fork for emphasis. "Lovegood is a Seer. We'd do best to get on her good side, now." Hermione took a moment to privately be amused that everyone still thought Pansy had troll blood. She was sure that Pansy had confronted her grandmother about it, and of course her grandmother would deny it – just like any person with troll blood would. The fact that a person without troll blood would also deny it probably didn't occur to Pansy. "Hermione's already friends with her," Blaise said, smirking. "I think we've got an in." Draco looked uncertain, before he huffed, scowling. "Fine," he said. "We align ourselves with the Lovegood girl. But we tell no one why – just that she's under our protection." "Fine by me," Hermione said cheerily. "I'm sure it'll be fine with her." Draco gave Hermione a look, but Hermione just smirked at him, her eyes teasing, until his scowl lessened into a smirk of his own. "At least we'll know all the interesting news first, with a seer for a friend," he said. "Could come in handy, help us make difficult choices." Hermione thought back to her own prophecy, and how it had shaped everything she'd done. "You have no idea."
Classes began with Transfiguration with the Ravenclaws, a familiar class with a familiar teacher that helped Hermione ease back into her classes. Professor McGonagall collected their summer homework and promptly launched into a detailed lecture of the new types of Transfigurations they would be covering for the year, and the additional wand movements and symbols they would need to know and master to cast each one. Hermione's fingers were stained with ink by the end of class from her rapid note-taking, and by the time they were finally allowed to start trying to turn a beetle into a button, everyone's minds were swimming with complicated details. Hermione and Terry Boot were the only ones to manage it before class ended. When they were dismissed for lunch, Hermione tagged along with her Ravenclaw friends to their table, talking good-natured trash with them all. "I'll catch you this year, Granger," Terry vowed. "The top spot is mine." "You'll have to catch me and two others, if I remember correctly," Hermione returned, eyes dancing. "Or was I wrong in recalling that you were fourth in the class?" Terry's eyed glowered at her, while Anthony and Mandy laughed. "She's got you there, Boot," Anthony teased. "You'll have a ways to go to catch up with Hermione." Anthony shot her a grin, and Hermione smiled back, though she could feel her cheeks blush. Anthony had grown taller over the summer, and he seemed more confident because of it. Hermione slid into a seat between Anthony and Luna, turning to speak to the Luna at once. "Greg and Vince didn't make it to breakfast," Hermione said, her voice low. "They didn't make it to Transfiguration, either. All the Slytherins in my year are convinced you're a Seer, now." "Are they?" Luna tilted her head. "They are," Hermione confirmed. "Draco Malfoy is having word spread that you're 'under our protection', whatever that entails. I don't know how you pulled that sort of nonsense prediction out of thin air, but it worked." "Sharing a train compartment with Ginny Weasley and her twin brothers might have had something to do with it," Luna said, her eyes sparkling. "They were discussing their brilliant pranking plans to start the year off right." Hermione couldn't help but laugh. After lunch was History of Magic with the Hufflepuffs, which was just as dull as Professor Binns' lectures had been the previous year. After attempting to follow the ghost's echoing monotone for ten minutes, Hermione gave up and pulled out her Legilimency book to read in class; she'd taken a seat near the back in the event of just such a need. She went up and got a course syllabus from Professor Binns afterwards, to better study on her own. He called her "Mary" and thought she was in Hufflepuff, but it hardly mattered – he directed her to the aged document she'd been looking for, and with a quick Gemino, Hermione had a copy of her own. Hermione met back up with most of her classmates outside in the courtyard as they lounged around, waiting for the late lunch period to end before their next class would start. Theo had his nose in a book, and Blaise was idly flirting with Tracey, who was giggling. Greg and Vince had finally shown up – both looking suspiciously well-groomed and clean, though a noxious odor of ooze hung heavily around them both. "If anyone else wants to make sure they actually learn something in History this year, and not just have naptime twice a week," Hermione said, duplicating the syllabus she'd gotten several times, "this might help." Tracey, Millie, and Blaise all took one from her absently. Theo took one too, though he gave her a suspicious look while he did so, and Draco took one as well with a grateful nod. "He's such a useless teacher," Draco declared. "I spoke to my father about it over the summer. Apparently, he hasn't updated his syllabus since he died." "Ghosts can't really form new memories," Blaise pointed out. "Did you somehow think he would have updated it anyway?" Draco scowled. "That's not the point." "He died in the 60s," Hermione said, horrified. "We're going to learn nothing of modern Wizarding History in his class?" "Apparently not," Draco said grimly. They all sat and scowled at that, contemplating the misery they were doomed to for the next six years, learning about nothing but witch burnings and goblin rebellions from a relic. It was not a nice future to contemplate. A commotion drifted across the courtyard, and Hermione glanced up and over to see Harry, Neville, and Ron sitting on the stairs. A first year seemed to be asking Harry about something, brandishing a large camera. "…is that firstie asking Potter for a picture?" Theo asked. "I… It looks like it?" Hermione guessed. Draco snickered. "Looks like Potter doesn't like it." Indeed, Harry's face was steadily turning an embarrassed red. "Harry's never been comfortable with his fame," Hermione said neutrally. "I'm not surprised that he'd dislike such attention." "True," Blaise said thoughtfully. "He certainly didn't seem to enjoy it at the bookstore." Draco considered, but spite won out, and he heaved himself to his feet and gestured to Greg and Vince to follow. Hermione could hear him calling out loudly a moment later, "Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, Potter?" Hermione groaned. "Why does Draco make such a fuss over Potter, anyway?" Tracey said, sniffing. "Jealousy?" Millie suggested. "Spite? "Potter did somehow vanquish the Dark Lord," Theo reminded them. "And I'm sure the Malfoy family was none too happy about that," Blaise commented, looking at his nails. He glanced up. "Should we interfere?" "Might as well," Tracey said cheerily. "If nothing else, we can watch and laugh when Weasley's face goes purple." The five of them sauntered across the courtyard, looking very disaffected and unbothered by anything, as if the only thing they were interested in was going back inside the school to get to class. As they got closer, Hermione could hear Greg and Vince sniggering, and she could see the anger flashing in Harry's eyes. "Eat slugs, Malfoy," Ron snarled, and Vince stopped laughing and cracked his knuckles ominously. Hermione glanced around. They were drawing a bit of a crowd. "Be careful, Weasley," Draco sneered. "You don't want to start any trouble or your Mommy'll have to come and take you away from school." He put on a shrill, piercing voice. "'If you put another toe out of line'—" A group of older Slytherins laughed loudly at this, and Draco looked pleased. "Weasley would like a signed photo, Potter," Draco smirked. "It'd be worth more than his family's whole house—" Ron whipped out his wand with fury in his eyes, but Neville grabbed his robes, holding him back. Hermione's eyes caught on a shiny bit near the middle that caught the light oddly. Had Ron actually taped his wand…? "Look out," Neville warned Ron. "What's all this, what's all this?" Hermione turned to see Gilderoy Lockhart striding towards them, turquoise robes swirling behind him. Her breath caught in her throat, and she swallowed down bile. Hermione hadn't seen Gilderoy Lockhart up close in Flourish and Blotts. This close, she finally got the full effect of his appearance. He looked much as he had on the jacket of his book Magical Me – dashing, blond, with a wide grin and perfect, sparkling teeth. His robes were resplendent, though obviously over the top, and he looked very fit. And he's a fraud, Hermione reminded herself, angrily. An attractive fraud, but a fraud nonetheless. He was a charlatan, Hermione was certain, who was set about painting himself as a hero in people's minds. If she was to learn anything from this strutting peacock, she suspected it would be how to deceive others into believing gross untruths. "Who's giving out signed photos?" he asked, grinning down at them all. His eyes caught Harry, and the grin widened as he flung his arm around Harry's shoulders. "Shouldn't have asked! We meet again, Harry!" Harry's face burned in humiliation, and Hermione watched as Draco smirked and melted back into the crowd. "Come on then, Mr. Creevey," said Lockhart, beaming at the first year. "A double portrait! Can't do better than that, can you? And we'll both sign it for you." Harry looked like he wanted to sink into the ground and die, and Hermione felt her heart go out to him. "I'm not watching this," she told her friends lowly. She stalked around Lockhart and the knot he'd created in the courtyard, Blaise, Tracey, and Millie walking quickly to keep up with her. "Are you sure?" Tracey said, giving a hesitant glance back. "I mean, he's a twit, sure, but he's quite fit…" Hermione shot her a dark look, but Tracey only giggled. "Surprised you didn't want to rescue Potter back there," Blaise commented, sidling up next to her. "He would have tried to rescue you." "Against a teacher?" Hermione scoffed. "Not even Harry's that foolish." Blaise raised an eyebrow at her. "…okay, maybe he is," Hermione admitted. "But he surely knows that I'm not about to." "I don't think he'd have appreciated it if you had," Millie added. "Boys tend to not like to have girls come to their rescue." Blaise and Tracey both nodded, but Hermione scowled. "That's sexist," she snapped, and Millie shrugged. "It's true," she said, unrepentant. Hermione's mood was not much improved by her first proper Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson with Lockhart. The Slytherins shared the class with Gryffindor, which seemed a bit ill-thought out. The Slytherins took the left side of the classroom, with the Gryffindors on the right, and Lockhart cleared his throat loudly to get their attention. He picked up one of Neville's books and held it up to show his own winking portrait on the front. "Me," he said, pointing at it and winking as well. "Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most-Charming Smile Award – but I don't talk about that. I didn't get rid of the Bandon Banshee by smiling at her!" He looked about them all expectantly; a few of the Gryffindors laughed weakly. "Is he for real?" Hermione hissed. "This is what the wizarding world views as a hero?" "Yes," Tracey sighed dreamily next to her. "He may be a prat, but he's a pretty prat." Hermione turned away, disgusted. Blaise edged his seat closer to Hermione. "Order of Merlin, hmm?" he said quietly. "If he's a fraud, how do you think he pulled that one off?" "Third Class order of Merlin is for individuals who 'have made a contribution to our store of knowledge or entertainment'," Hermione said quietly. "Which fits, given all he's really done is entertain with his trashy books; it's the Second and First class awards that matter – they're for actual deeds done. Third Class is more like an honorary knighthood, from what I can tell." Blaise gave her a puzzled look at that, but Hermione ignored him. Lockhart was handing out parchment, and she'd missed the instructions. She glanced over her paper, and her jaw dropped. 1.What is Gilderoy Lockhart's favorite color? 2.What is Gilderoy Lockhart's secret ambition? 3.What, in your opinion, in Gilderoy Lockhart's greatest achievement to date? "You've got to be kidding me," she breathed. Blaise's face warred between disgust and amusement. "First time I think I'll ever fail a test," he said with a wink, and he inked his quill. With a sigh, Hermione followed suit. Half an hour later, Lockhart collected the papers and rifled through them in front of the class, tut-tutting at their lack of knowledge of his heroics and exploits. Seamus and Dean, the two Gryffindor boys who'd gotten punished with Ron at the end of last year, were shaking silently with laughter, and Hermione watched with satisfaction as Neville's expression grew more and more disbelieving as the man prattled on and on. Benefit of the doubt, indeed, she thought. Lockhart seemed disappointed with his lack of devout fans in the class – no one had scored above a 75% on his little quiz. He regaled them about his secret ambition and desire to market his own hair-care products for a bit, before finally getting down to business, withdrawing a large covered cage from behind his desk. "Now – be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest creatures known to wizard-kind!" Hermione tuned him out. Unless he had lethifolds in that cage, she was largely unconcerned. She highly doubted he'd managed to catch anything actually Dark. She entertained herself by wondering what she'd have to do to beat Lockhart's Order of Merlin Third Class. A Second Class was awarded for 'achievement or endeavor beyond the ordinary,' she knew – Dumbledore had earned one for his work on the uses Dragon's Blood, before it'd gotten replaced with the First Class he'd been awarded for defeating Grindelwald. If she worked hard enough and came up with something good for final projects in her final years of school, she might stand a chance of earning a Second Class before ever graduating – which would look great when she went looking for jobs. "Freshly caught Cornish pixies," Lockhart announced dramatically, whipping off the sheet, and Hermione rolled her eyes. "Five galleons on this all going terribly, horribly wrong," Draco muttered from behind her. Hermione could hear Theo scoff from next to him. "Like there's a way this could possibly go right?" The pixies were electric blue and about eight inches high, with pointed faces and shrill voices. The moment the cover had been removed, they had started jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bars and making bizarre faces at the people nearest them. "Right, then," Lockhart said loudly. "Let's see what you make of them!" And he opened the cage. Hermione and most of the rest of Slytherin had the good instinct to immediately duck. It was pandemonium. The pixies shot in every direction like rockets. Two of them seized Neville by the ears and lifted him into the air. Several shot through the window, showering the back row with broken glass. The rest proceeded to wreck the classroom, upending desks, smashing ink bottles, and throwing books and bags about. Within minutes, the Gryffindors were hiding under their desks as well, Neville swinging from the iron chandelier on the ceiling. "Come on now – round them up, round them up! They're only pixies!" Lockhart shouted. He rolled up his sleeves, brandished his wand, and bellowed, "Peskipiksi Persternomi!" Absolutely nothing happened, save a pixie seizing his wand and throwing it out the window. Lockhart gulped audibly and dived under his own desk. Hermione scowled, withdrew her own wand, and stood. "Ventus," she snapped, swinging her wand about the room in a grand gesture. Immediately a strong gale of wind blew into the classroom, and the pixies all shrieked as they were swept into it. Hermione was pleased to find that her air elemental wasn't giving her any strife with the spell, and she was smug as she poured her power into a tightly-controlled vortex, spiraling the pixies tighter and tighter and tighter. With a gesture from her left hand, the forgotten cage levitated off the floor and onto the desk once again, and a tight swirl with her wand had the winds forcing them all back down into their cage, screaming. Abruptly, she cut off the wind. It took only a fraction of a second before one of the Gryffindor boys slammed the cage shut, glaring at Lockhart, who was shakily emerging from beneath his desk. "Um… well-handled," Lockhart said, giving them a shaky smile. "Ten points to Slytherin then, is it? Well done, Miss-" "Granger, sir," Hermione said, twirling her wand idly in her fingers. "About Neville, sir?" The chandelier holding Neville creaked precariously, and several students below him screamed. The bell rang a moment later, and there was a mad dash toward the exit. Lockhart looked up at his swinging student, lost. "Ah – another ten points to you if you get him down?" he offered. "Sorry, sorry – I must run along." He swept past the students and into the hallway with the rest of them, leaving a handful of Slytherins behind along with Harry and Ron. Hermione sighed and stepped towards Neville. "You're hanging from your robes, Neville," she told him, brandishing her wand. "I'm going to cast another wind spell to help support you, and I need you to slip out of your robes when I do that, alright?" Neville whimpered, but Hermione didn't give him time to object; a moment later another Ventus was cast, this time with Hermione focusing on having the air elemental channel all the wind energy up. "Trust her, Neville!" Harry called out to him. "Better risk it than have that chandelier give way and crush you as it falls," Ron called out. "Just lose the robes, Nev." Neville closed his eyes and swallowed hard, but he let himself fall out of his outer robes a moment later – only to gasp a moment later as he realized he wasn't falling; he was gliding down toward the ground in a smooth gesture at the guidance of Hermione's wand. Hermione grit her teeth – it was much harder to guide someone else down in flight than it was to do for herself, and Neville's body weight was making it considerably more difficult than she'd anticipated. She fought against the urge to collapse as Neville finally landed on the ground. Neville was staring at her, pale. "Ah, thanks, Hermione," he said, faltering. He blushed. "No problem, Neville," Hermione said tiredly. She flicked her wand, and his robes fluttered down off the chandelier a moment later. Harry and Ron helped Neville stagger from the room a moment later, while Blaise, Tracey, and Millie waited patiently for Hermione to recover. She appreciated their quiet discretion; it was embarrassing to be so drained of power in front of others. Once she had finally caught her breath, she stood to lead them off down the hall. "So," Blaise said conversationally. "When were you going to tell us that you could do that?" Hermione glanced over at him. "Do what?" "Oh, I don't know, levitate people?" Tracey said. Hermione frowned. "I didn't. You can't levitate people; I had to use a wind to push him up." Tracey sniffed. "Regardless. That's very advanced magic, Hermione!" "It's not," Hermione insisted. "Ventus is a 3rd-year spell-" "-and it's not used like that," Blaise cut in. "Ventus is used to conjure winds, Hermione. I've heard of very powerful wizards being able to use it to blow people away, but never being able to use it to make people fly." Hermione shifted uneasily. "He wasn't flying. He was gliding. There's a difference." The glances from both Blaise and Tracey told her they didn't believe her one bit.
That evening, Hermione was in the corner of the common room reading her disguised Occlumency book when Draco came over and took a seat next to her. Hermione raised her eyebrows over the edge of the book, glancing at him, before returning to her reading. A moment later, Draco cleared his throat, and Hermione closed her book and set it aside, looking at Draco expectantly. "We have a bit of an issue, Hermione," he said carefully. Hermione raised an eyebrow. "Oh, do we?" she said. She leaned forward. "Do tell." Draco scowled at her, before quickly smoothing his face back into a neutral mask. "Our pact is in disagreement," he said. "Didn't you feel it yesterday?" Hermione looked at him quizzically. "Our pact?" "Last night, at dinner," Draco said impatiently. "We were all joking about Weasley. But when we looked at each other, our seams tugged. I know you felt it too." Hermione's eyes widened. She had felt it — there had been a sudden, hard yank in her chest when her eyes had met Draco's, something powerful enough that it had hurt. And if it was connected to Ron, and seams… "Perhaps you'd better tell me what conclusions you've come to," Hermione said. "You seem to have an idea of what's going on already." Draco hesitated. "Last year, we declared Ronald Weasley foe to House Slytherin," he said slowly. "You and I acted as seam, for the girls and for the boys, and together we united the house against our common enemy." "I remember," Hermione told him. It'd been the first ritual she'd ever been in; she'd doubt she'd ever forget the feeling of the eerie green energy that had zapped through them all. "If our seam is tugging, it's because we're pulling in different ways," Draco told her. "You and I are on differing pages regarding Weasley being foe to House Slytherin, now, and it's tugging at the pact." Hermione blinked. Her first response was We're still doing that nonsense? and I thought that ended last year with all that mess at Quidditch. Hermione bit back her reflexive words, however, swallowing hard. She couldn't appear so casually dismissive of the magic she and her house had wrought, no matter how much trouble it had caused in the end. "I thought we were done with the Weasley mess," she finally said, the words like ash on her tongue. "Are we not?" "We could be," Draco admitted. "All of the plans everyone agreed to last year were completed, so as far as the pact is concerned, we could allow it to dissipate safely, with Slytherin's victory over Weasley achieved." Hermione's eyes watched him carefully. "And yet…?" Draco's eyes flashed, and Hermione was surprised to see anguish flare through them. "I don't want to let it go," he said finally. He looked back up at her. "I don't want it to stop." Hermione gave him an incredulous look. "Surely you don't want to keep getting him into trouble all year again?" she said. "He barely scraped by last year, his marks the bottom of the barrel, his whole house mad at him for losing them the House Cup…" "I don't care about holding the pact for him," Draco said, his silver eyes pleading with her. "I care about holding it for you." Hermione scoffed. "Draco, I got over the troll thing ages ago," she said. "I assure you, I'm strong enough to fight my own battles against Weasley-" "Not that." Draco's voice was anguished. "Hermione, I want to be able to keep talking to you." Hermione stopped short. What? His eyes implored her, but Hermione was incredulous. "…keep talking to me?" she said, attempting to keep her voice neutral. Draco winced at the bite in her tone, but Hermione couldn't bring herself to care. "Perhaps you'd better explain something to me then, Draco," she said. "Why, pray tell, wouldn't you be able to talk to me if the pact weren't still active?" Draco swallowed hard. He looked away. "I'm not supposed to talk to people like you," he admitted. "I'm only supposed to associate with people of similar social status and ability. That's why I couldn't talk to you at the start of last year." Hermione stared at him. Draco chanced a glance up at her, before looking away again and hurrying on. "But it ended up okay, because when all of us Slytherins united in the ritual, we were on the same power level," he told her quickly. "I was seam; you were seam. That marked us as the two most powerful people in our year in Slytherin, and the magic that flared between us recognized us as equals. That meant that you were okay to talk to." "Let me get this straight," Hermione said, sitting up. "You were an absolute berk to me at the start of last year because of what you presumed to be my blood status? And now, despite you toasting me in front of everybody last year as a New Blood and congratulating me on being top of the year, you're saying if we don't continue this unnecessary grudge, you're going to stop talking to me again?" Draco looked anguished. "I thought it'd be enough," he told her in a low voice. He sounded pained. "I thought it would be okay." "That what would be okay, Draco?" Hermione's voice snapped out like a whip. "That it'd be okay to treat me like trash once again?" "No!" Draco objected. "That's not- that's not what I meant!" He ran his hand through his hair, distressed. Hermione glared at him, indecision warring inside her with whether or not to storm up to her room with her pride and damn the consequences or wait for him to get whatever issue he had finally off his chest. She watched as he swallowed hard, and his fingers trembled in a fist at his side. Hermione bit her lip, feeling opinion tip over on the balance. She sighed. "Then Draco," she said, "tell me frankly – what do you mean?" Draco's took a deep breath. "Word got 'round to my father last year, once I started speaking to you in public," he said quietly. "My father is very concerned with public appearances and decorum. When he heard I was talking to someone not of pure blood as an equal, he was horrified." Unfortunately, Hermione could all too easily imagine Lucius Malfoy reacting in just such a way. "I was able to explain it away that magic had judged us equals, and that we'd united Slytherin in a ritual as a house together against Weasley," Draco carried on. "My father despises the Weasleys, and by being a seam in the ritual, I'd established myself as a leader within Slytherin. He was proud of me, for it. And he acknowledged that if you were the girls' seam, then it was appropriate to treat you as an equal as well." Draco took a shaky breath. Hermione waited. "Apparently, the details that reached him over the year weren't quite accurate," he said finally. "When he heard 'person of unequal blood status,' he presumed you were a half-blood. It never entered his mind that someone born of Muggles would be admitted to Slytherin. And when I told him about the most powerful student in the class, the one who beat me, the New Blood, he didn't realize you were the same person – I think he thought you were in Gryffindor, possibly from hearing about you hanging around Potter so much." He looked away. "When I went home over the summer, he was mad… said I'd shamed the family, coming in second to a Muggle-born… he wouldn't listen to me about you being New Blood, he wouldn't believe it at all." His voice was shaking slightly, and Hermione watched as he swallowed hard. "So your father doesn't want us talking anymore, then, I take it?" Hermione said quietly. "Is that it, Draco?" Draco's eyes shot up to hers. "He doesn't want to see you as an equal to me," Draco stressed, "because of your parentage. He thinks- he thinks your blood makes you unworthy. But because magic bound us in the pact as equals, he hasn't a choice but to accept it, unless he wants me to dishonor the pact." "And you?" Hermione prompted. "What is your opinion, on viewing me as an equal?" Draco's eyes darkened slightly in the candlelight, making the grey of his eyes look almost a liquid silver. "Hermione… I'm well aware that we're not equals," he told her, his voice low, "but it's because I am not equal to you." Hermione's eyes widened, and Draco's hands darted out to grasp hers before she could pull back. "I know you are more powerful than me, Hermione." His eyes implored her. "I know that. I feel it. When we did that ritual, and I felt your magic, the power in you… I have no doubt which of us is higher than the other, blood status or not. And I will do my best to become your equal, to be someone of equal status and power who can stand alongside you with pride." He was smoothing his thumbs over the backs of her hands in small circles, soothing gestures. Hermione's eyes fell to watch his hands; she was suddenly finding it hard to find her breath. She let herself be soothed by his small gestures as she closed her eyes and took several deep breaths, sorting out her thoughts. "What does that mean, then?" Hermione asked. Draco gave her a puzzled look. "I just told you—" "You just told me that you fear going against your father, even though you disagree with him," Hermione interrupted. "You told me that you want me to continue something I don't believe necessary anymore just so you can continue speaking to me without needing to take a moral stand against your father." Draco winced. "When you put it that way…" "When I put it that way, it doesn't sound nearly as noble, does it?" Hermione said calmly. She tugged her hands free of Draco's, ignoring the flicker of anguish that crossed his face, and sat back onto her chair, tucking her legs under her. "So, Draco: what will you do?" He licked his lips. "What will I do?" "Yes, Draco," Hermione said patiently. "You are making it clear to me that you want to continue speaking to me. But what you do not seem to realize is that if you do not have the courage to stand up to your father, I will have no further interest in speaking to you." Draco's eyes widened, and Hermione heard him suck in a gasp. "You claim to view us as equals," Hermione said, her voice hard, "or as me higher than you, even. That you want to earn my respect, to catch up with me and reach my power. But you hold this paper monster of your father in front of me, a bogey to fear and cower behind, and claim he prevents you from taking your own stand and becoming a man. Tell me, Draco: how am I supposed to respect you when you do that?" "But he does, Hermione!" Draco urged. "You have to believe me." His voice was quivering, and Hermione caught his hands shaking slightly, clenched tightly in his lap. Hermione opened her mouth to refute him, before she paused. Something about the quivering in his hands was tugging at her mind. "Draco," she said slowly, "how does your father express his discontent with you speaking to those he views as lesser?" Draco went as white as a sheet, and Hermione felt sick to her stomach. "He beats you," she said, her voice one of horror. "Draco, he beats you?" "No," Draco objected. "No, Hermione, it's not-" "The hell it isn't!" Hermione snapped. "No one reacts to that question like that unless something awful is going on-" "He doesn't beat me," Draco said quickly. "He's not- he's not a Muggle. But there are spells… there are spells that don't leave marks. Ones that hurt, but aren't strictly illegal. Other punishments…" "And he did this to you this summer?" Hermione was doing her best to contain her horror, but she knew it was leaking into her tone. "He tortured you, Draco? Because my grades were higher than yours?" "It's not like that! They're just brief pain spells – harmless, really. And he stopped, after he met you," Draco said, looking away. "Once he put together you were in Slytherin, the seam I'd talked about, he loosened up a bit. Said that 'we'd see' if you were who you claimed you were this year one way or another." Hermione swallowed hard. "Draco…" "My father loves me," Draco said vehemently. "He just doesn't know, okay? He doesn't understand you like I do. He hasn't seen you cast magic, hasn't seen you do anything, really. He's just trying to protect me as best he knows how." Hermione felt her stomach sicken. "But it'll be okay, because we're right, Hermione," Draco told her, reaching for her hand again. "Whatever test he has, it'll be okay, because you are my equal, Hermione. You are New Blood, and he'll see eventually. I know he will. But…" He trailed off, before looking back up at her, his eyes a mercurial silver. "…I don't want to have to wait a year to be able to talk to you again." Hermione swallowed hard, but she let him hold her hand, torn. On one hand, she was disgusted with the entire circumstance. The fact she had to justify her power and status to anyone before they would so much as deign to speak with her was revolting and offensive. It disgusted her, that people would be so rude and closed-minded. And she was disgusted that Draco bought into any such system in any manner or fashion. But on the other hand… a father, magically punishing his son, for talking to a Muggle-born? And Draco was still trying to find a way to talk to her anyway…? Hermione supposed she would have tried to come up with a way to keep up their acquaintance as well without worrying about being beaten, too, if their positions had been reversed. She couldn't in good conscience expect Draco to rebel against his father if it meant he'd be tortured when he went home. She sighed. "I am not going to continue an expired grudge pact that I believe has been completed in full," she announced. Draco's eyes sank to the floor, his shoulders slumping, as his eyes fell shut. "…but," Hermione said gently, "I am willing to do a new ritual with you, Draco." Draco's eyes fluttered open to meet hers immediately. "You- we can-" "It's the power balance of equals, is it not, that matters?" Hermione mused, tapping her fingers along her armrest. "If we conduct a ritual as equals, and magic recognizes us as such, then your father will be able to offer no objections, correct?" She watched as Draco swallowed hard. "Y-yes," he said, faltering. "That's correct. But- Hermione, The Fallen Foe is the only ritual I know…" "Don't worry," Hermione said, waving off his concern. "I know more rituals than that. I'll come up with something that'll work for us." Draco's eyes grew huge in the dark. "You'll owe me, though," Hermione said pointedly, "for putting up with this nonsense to begin with, and for finding a solution to your ridiculous problem. If there are expensive ritual components to get, you are going to be the one paying for them, got it?" "Got it," Draco agreed immediately, and Hermione sat back in her chair, satisfied. "Give me a week or so to figure something out," she told him quietly. "I'll have to look through my things to find a ritual that I think will suit. Until then… try not to aggravate the Weasley pact too much?" Draco grimaced, and Hermione sighed. "A bargain, then – leave Harry and Neville alone, and you can wheedle Ron all you want until the pact is formally closed," she compromised. "But once we do, if you go after him, you do it on your own." "That's fine," Draco agreed. Hermione looked at him for a long moment, before she let out a long sigh. "I want to finish reading this before I go to bed," she told him, waving a hand. "Shoo. I'll see you in the morning." "'Shoo'?" Draco smirked. "Am I a cat, now?" "You're certainly hanging around like one, begging to be petted," Hermione shot back. "And you certainly enjoy chasing Weasels enough to be one." "Maybe you should scratch me behind my ears," he teased, his eyes glinting, "and see if I purr for you." Hermione felt herself flush. "Or maybe I should zap you with my wand and see if you squeal and dart away," she challenged, her face hot. "Shall we experiment and see?" Draco laughed, but he pulled back. "Fair enough," he said amicably. His mood seemed lightened. "Goodnight then, Hermione." "Goodnight, Draco," Hermione bid, pulling out her book once more. "Sweet dreams." She pulled open her book, her eyes rapidly resuming their reading, not seeing the way Draco's eyes hesitated softly on her from the shadows before he finally disappeared down the corridor to his dorm.
Hermione had planned on getting a head start on ritual researching the next morning before Herbology. Alas, her dorm mates ambushed her as soon as they noticed she was awake. "You never came back last night!" Tracey said. "Hermione, we waited up for you for ages!" "I stayed out for a couple hours reading," Hermione said, folding her arms. "What's it to you?" "We wanted to talk to you, Hermione," Daphne said. She moved closer, her eyes darting around. "Do you… do you still have contact with your friend in America?" Hermione's gaze fell to the mascara tube in Daphne's hand, and she felt her lips tug up into a smirk. "I might…" The girls squealed as Hermione pulled out a folder she'd prepared over the summer – complete with the new images carefully selected from Avon catalogs, as well as the order codes she'd copied onto parchment. "What is this?" Tracey breathed, looking at one of the pictures. "It's so pretty…" "The glitter powder?" Hermione asked, glancing over her shoulder. "It's… ah, it's to make you sparkle like a fairy. It looks enchanting, under low lights. You know, for evening events and whatnot." The girls passed around the pages, gossiping about what they wanted to get while Hermione washed her face and got ready for the day. When she emerged from the bathroom, she noticed that Pansy was holding one of the pages in her hands, but Hermione carefully didn't say a word. "You can keep these, if you keep them out of sight, and just get them all back to me by the end of the day, okay?" Hermione said. "You can give me your codes then, too." The girls quickly agreed. Classes on Tuesday were significantly better than Monday's had been; they started with Herbology, where they were repotting Mandrakes. Hermione was surprised they were allowed to do something so risky, but the mandrakes' young age meant their cries weren't fatal just yet, and it ended up being a good exercise for the class. She and Millie worked quickly and efficiently, ruthlessly squashing the grotesque little babies into their new pots without mercy, while Tracey and Daphne kept flinching and dropping theirs around on their table. Charms class was with the Hufflepuffs, and it was incredibly easy; Professor Flitwick just wanted them to all review their charms from the previous year to make sure no one had forgotten anything. He wanted to correct any bad habits they'd picked up before moving on to something new. It was sensible, though a bit boring – Hermione had no difficulty performing each charm asked perfectly. The Slytherins had a free period later that afternoon, to make up for the late night they'd have staying up for Astronomy, so they headed back to their dorm to put their books away. Hermione put down her class things and picked up her Transfiguration book and Occlumency book, considering on heading to the library, when she noticed Tracey standing in front of the door, blocking her way. "It's the end of classes, Hermione," Tracey warned. She brandished a catalog image. "That's close enough to the end of the day. And you said we could do this now." Amused, Hermione sat back down, taking careful notes as she marked down each girl's order. Tracey wanted a few things to replace what she'd used, and Millie had marked down for a stronger concealer potion, to help cover her spots. Daphne had returned with a long, pre-written list – far more than would be reasonable, if she was getting things just herself. As Daphne stumbled over her words, trying to pass it off like she was trying to prepare for winter when her summer tan would fade by getting multiple shades of foundation, it was obvious to Hermione that she was buying makeup for someone else too. "Just tell me who it's for, Daphne," Hermione said finally. "If you tell me the truth, I won't get mad at you for it." Daphne froze, considering, then bit her lip. "My mother," she admitted. "She asked about it when she saw me using it over the summer." Hermione considered. "…she gave you money for everything?" Daphne's eyes lit up. "Yes!" "Then it's fine," Hermione conceded. The total amount Daphne's mother wanted, in addition to Daphne, was staggering, and Hermione found herself agreeing to try and get more 'forbidden tutorials' on how to apply everything for Daphne to send on to her mother. After Daphne's turn finally ended, Pansy started to approach, and Hermione straightened up and raised an eyebrow. "Pansy," she said. "Granger." Pansy scowled. "Alright, look, I want…" "I don't give a damn what you want, Pansy," Hermione said conversationally. "Did you really think I was going to continue to help you after everything you did to me last year?" Pansy looked struck, then livid. "You have to," she said, nastily. "This is all forbidden stuff. If you don't keep me happy, I can tell on you." "You could," Hermione agreed reasonably. "That'd get me in trouble, as well as Tracey, Millie, Daphne, and Daphne's mother." Immediately, the other Slytherin girls looked up and scowled at Pansy as one. Pansy shrank back, before glaring at Hermione. "I only wanted-" Pansy started. "Don't you dare," Tracey snapped. "Hermione doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to." Pansy's eyes darted to Millie, who ignored her, then to Daphne, who sniffed, put her nose up, and looked pointedly away. "But…" Pansy objected. "Without… without anything, I'll look… everyone else will look so much better than me…" "Don't worry, Pansy," Millie chimed in. "I'm sure you can win boys over with your winning personality." Pansy flushed a mottled red as Tracey snickered. Hermione did her best to hold a haughty, poised expression, and Pansy finally broke and looked away. Slowly, very slowly, she sank to her knees by the foot of Hermione's bed and looked down. "Fine," she said. Her voice was quieter, more submissive. She wasn't quite begging, but Hermione could recognize how badly Pansy must want makeup in order to come this close to prostrating herself before her. Though it made sense – if Pansy had a fatal flaw, it was her vanity. "What do you want, Granger? I'll pay double." Hermione laughed. It wasn't anything like her usual happy giggle, but a much higher, crueler sound. "Oh, Pansy," she said condescendingly. She reached out and cupped Pansy's cheek, causing Pansy's skin to redden in embarrassment. "I don't want anything from you. I don't need your money – I do this as a favor to everyone, using my connections to bolster us all." She nodded around the room to the other girls, who were nodding back at her. Hermione turned back to Pansy, who looked starkly panicked. "Then- how do I-?" "You will need to give me something, Pansy," Hermione told her softly, caressing Pansy's cheek with her thumb, remembering the way Draco's gesture had made her shiver the night before. Sure enough, Pansy shivered under her. She abruptly took Pansy's face firmly in her hands and turned it sharply so Pansy's dark eyes met Hermione's golden brown. Pansy's breath caught in her throat, a frightened little gasp, and Hermione felt dark satisfaction curl inside of her. "You will need to give me something, Pansy," Hermione told her. "Something I want that I don't even know I want, as a gesture of your good faith. And only then, only if your gift is found satisfactory to me… then, Pansy. Then we will talk."
"Quidditch tryouts are tomorrow night," Draco announced the next morning, while Hermione was helping herself to breakfast. "I'm going out for Seeker." "Ooh!" Pansy squealed. "Oh, Draco, I'm sure you'll get it!" "Ooh, yes, Draco!" Blaise mimicked, his voice pitched high. "I'm sure you'll get anything you want!" Pansy glared at him and flushed, while the rest of them snickered. Draco gave them all a haughty look. "I only mentioned it," he said, "in case anyone wants to come down to the pitch to support me, during tryouts." His gaze was heavy and expectant on them all. Hermione resisted the urge to roll her eyes at his presumption. "Sure, mate," Theo said. "After classes, or after dinner?" Vince and Greg grunted their assent. "I'll come," Daphne said. "Is Warrington going to try out again?" "I'll be there," Pansy reaffirmed. "After dinner. And I think so," Draco answered their questions distractedly. He was looking at Hermione, who was buttering her toast with an air of utter disinterest. "What about the rest of you?" he asked finally. "Will you come?" Hermione blinked, then glanced around. Tracey and Millie were glancing at her sideways out of the corners of their eyes, waiting to see what she was going to say. Blaise was openly regarding her, a smirk on his lips, unafraid to show he was waiting to see how she answered. It took Hermione a moment to realize that her friends were waiting to hear what she was going to say before making a decision themselves. It was as if her friends were all looking to her to for guidance, to make the choice for their little group. It was like they were looking to her as a leader. A new emotion spread slowly in Hermione's chest. It was hot and tight feeling, a pressure behind her sternum, and Hermione pushed it away for the time being, not wanting to try and unravel that tangled ball of feelings at the breakfast table. "Yeah, why not?" Hermione said finally. "It's just a couple hours, right?" A genuine smile spread across Draco's face, one Hermione was surprised to see. "Great," he said. "That's great." "Are we expected to cheer for you?" Blaise teased. "Wave 'Malfoy' pennants and chant your name?" "Ooh, that might be fun!" Tracey brightened. "I can make some out of an old dress I kept-" "No!" Draco objected quickly. "No, no pennants! Just- you know, being there for support-" Blaise continued to tease him about them being his cheerleaders, bringing a flush to Draco's pale cheeks. Tracey seemed really excited about making streamers and pennants out of the old clothes she had outgrown, refusing to be dissuaded by Draco pleading that it was inappropriate. Hermione watched while she ate her toast, smirking each time Draco objected hotly to some new idea and casually remarking that of course they needed to bring banners and pennants, how were they ever to be expected to support him otherwise? All in all, it was a very enjoyable way to spend her breakfast. Pansy approached Hermione after lunch, tugging her into an alcove before class. "I did it," she told her, taking a deep breath. "I made a gesture of good faith." Hermione raised an eyebrow. "Oh?" she asked. "And what did you do?" Pansy held her head high. "I encouraged Damon Rowle to try out for Quidditch," Pansy told her. "He'll be going out for Seeker, too." Hermione blinked. "You actively encouraged a fourth year to try out against Draco?" she questioned. "I thought you liked Draco." "I do," Pansy snapped. "I don't expect Damon to win." "No?" Hermione queried. "Even though he's got two years' experience on Draco?" Pansy gave her a dark look. "I expect," she stressed, "that when flying around at high speeds in high winds, that Rowle might find his broomstick somewhat harder to control than he thought." Hermione just looked at Pansy, who continued. "It would certainly be an unavoidable accident if the wind were to somehow interfere with him during the tryout," she stressed. "Maybe a powerful wind might send his broom spinning in a vortex to crash and embarrass him in front of his friends." Comprehension finally clicked for Hermione. "I've met Rowle before, haven't I?" Hermione said conversationally. "You introduced us last year, at Professor Snape's private tutorial one evening?" Pansy's eyes flashed. "Yes," she said shortly. "I did."
Events referenced here can be reread in Chapter 40, "Bullying". Hermione would never forget the day she was attacked. It had been a Thursday. She'd still been riding her happiness at beating the obstacle course when Pansy had told her Professor Snape had invited her to a private lesson of some sort. Hermione, ever the naïve and eager-to-learn student, had followed Pansy straight into an ambush. There had been seven attackers. And they were attackers, in Hermione's mind. If she hadn't known the magic she had, she could have died. Would have died, if Filch's rounds took too long, and she'd remained unfound and bled out. Seven attackers. All pureblooded Slytherins, who took issue with her blood status and her being at the top of her class, all with powerful enough family names that Snape had warned Hermione of the futility of going after them officially. But in the same breath, Snape had murmured that if she were to go after them unofficially… And Hermione had understood. Pansy had been the first. Hermione's spell to make her blood look inhuman had worked beautifully, and rumors of the Parkinsons being part troll still circulated the school. Pansy had been knocked down in the social status structure of Slytherin, and even better, her fellow pureblood supremacists now looked down on her, for being of possibly impure blood. Hermione had been highly satisfied by this outcome. It was appropriate, it was fitting, and it made Pansy wary of her. Still, though – there were six more. Six more students who had attacked her. Six people who watched her start to bleed out in the dungeons. Six more who had escaped from any punishment whatsoever… Hermione had vowed to herself that night that somehow, she would make them all regret it. That she would strike back at them each at some point, to show them she was stronger than them, better than them, and to strike fear into each of their hearts, the same way it had been struck into hers. And while Hermione wasn't about to attempt murder on those who had attacked her like they had… If they came out a little worse for wear on the other side of her vengeance… Well. She had certainly come out battered, bruised, and bloodied, hadn't she? Turnabout was only fair play. And Pansy's gift of Damon Rowle, handed up on a platter, was too perfect to neglect. Hermione tracked down Harry the next day after classes were over, asking for a word. Harry went with her amicably, while the rest of his house went up to their common room. She led him outside to a bench in the garden, turning so her legs were angled towards his. "Over the summer," Hermione began, "we spoke briefly of some of the Slytherins bullying me." Harry's eyes flashed. "Are they bullying you again, Hermione?" he demanded immediately. "What happened? Who is it? We can-" "No," Hermione said, cutting him off. "No one is bullying me right now. Not yet, anyway." Harry settled down, giving her a suspicious look. Hermione offered him a wan smile. "The issue isn't me being bullied by people right now," she told him. "It's… handling the people who bullied me before." Harry frowned. "'Handling'?" Hermione bit her lip, considering, before opting to be honest. "I want to pay them back," she said simply. Harry's eyes widened. "You're going for revenge?" Hermione nodded. "It's the Slytherin way." It was interesting, to watch Harry struggle with himself – his emotions played across his face as clear as a movie on a screen. She could see his loyalty towards her warring with his innate desire to not hurt people or do anything wrong, all mixed up with his anger at the injustice that she had been bullied at all. Harry wrenched up his face, his eyes scrunched closed. "These bullies," Harry said. "They were never punished?" "Not one of them," Hermione said quietly. "They were never even brought in. They all got off scot-free." When Harry's eyes had opened, his resolve had hardened. "Tell me we're doing the right thing," he begged her. "They deserve it, right? They're all blood supremacists in Slytherin?" Hermione laughed. It wasn't a nice sound. "We are not doing anything. I am coming to you for indirect help with revenge on one person," she told him. "Damon Rowle cast half a dozen cutting curses at me, helped break my ribs, and left me to bleed out on a classroom floor." Harry's eyes widened in horror. He opened his mouth to speak, but Hermione cut him off. "I promise, I am not asking you for direct help with anything," she told him. "I can handle my own affairs. What I need from you now is Quidditch advice." That stopped Harry short. He looked confused. "Quidditch advice?" he echoed. "Yes," Hermione said. She withdrew a piece of parchment. "I need you to tell me the most common maneuvers seekers use when flying, what they look like, how difficult each one is, and what moves are the most dangerous if you lose control of your broom." Harry's eyes widened imperceptibly. He paused a long moment, torn, before he nodded once, decisive. "I am helping my good friend Hermione with Quidditch advice," he said firmly. "Because you don't know much about the game, and you are curious to learn more about how to play." "Yes," Hermione said, agreeable. If Harry needed plausible deniability, she would give it to him. "I want to know more about seekers before my housemate Draco Malfoy tries out for seeker tonight, so I can understand when I watch him play." Harry made a disgusted face. "…Malfoy is going out for seeker?" "He is," Hermione said pleasantly. "Now: seeker maneuvers?" Reluctantly, Harry began to talk, Hermione taking notes and making rough sketches as he did for the next half hour, a plan beginning to percolate in her mind.
CW: Violence The evening was comfortably cool and pleasantly breezy. Blaise and Millie were complaining about their Potions assignments as they all walked down to the Quidditch pitch. "I almost ruined mine entirely," Millie bemoaned. "I almost put in fluxweed instead of snotgrass." "The fact that there's such a distinction between slicing and dicing is stupid," Blaise groused. "If the flobberworms still end up in tiny itty-bitty pieces, what's it matter how they get there?" "Dicing creates more surface area per part," Hermione said distractedly. "Slicing limits the strength of the reaction." Blaise shot her a look. "Did you just pull that out of thin air?" "That's basic Potions knowledge," Hermione objected. "Basic for you, maybe," he grumbled. When they arrived at the pitch, Slytherins were ambling all over the field, Marcus Flint directing different groups to different areas. "I said only Chasers over here, McKinnon!" Marcus roared. "As you're trying out for Keeper, why the hell are you standing with the Chasers?" "You said 'Quaffle-people', not 'Chasers'!" McKinnon objected. "Keepers play with the Quaffle, too!" "Chasers are Quaffle-people. Keepers are hoop-people," Marcus said, sneering. "I should disqualify you from tryouts for being an idiot, McKinnon…" "Let's go say hello," Hermione suggested. "You know. Wish Draco 'good luck' and whatnot." Blaise shot her a sideways look, and Tracey looked surprised. "Are we actually hoping he wins?" Tracey asked. "Do we like him?" "If he wins, more time he'll be out of the common room practicing," Millie pointed out. "Might be a good thing, considering." Blaise was still looking at Hermione with a glint in his eye, and Hermione was trying very hard to not react under his gaze. "Might as well," he said finally. "Wouldn't hurt." They made their way over to the group of potential seekers. They were a smaller group than the others, only four of them standing around with their broomsticks as they waited their turn to compete. Draco looked surprised when he saw them approaching. "Hi," he said. Hermione nodded at him, offering him a small smile. "Hello, Draco," she said. "Good luck tonight." "Oh. Thanks," Draco said. Two spots of faint color appeared high on his pale cheeks. "You didn't have to come all the way down here to wish me good luck, though." "That's okay; I wanted to," Hermione told him, and Draco looked pleased. "If you're not going to be trying out," an older girl said, scowling over their group of four, "then you need to get off the Quidditch pitch." "Oh, no worries," Hermione said, flashing her a smile. "No, I won't be trying out tonight. I'll be firmly on the ground, sniveling, scared, and cowering of the dangerous heights you'll all be flying to." The tone in the air changed, and everyone stiffened at her words. Tracey and Millie had tensed, Blaise had stepped up behind her to cover her back, and Draco looked alarmed. The other two potential seekers looked confused, but Hermione's eyes locked with Damon Rowle's, which had flashed with recognition. She smiled. "Much better place for someone like me, don't you think?" she murmured. Damon seemed to be wrestling for words, but a moment later, Marcus Flint was marching over in a storm, looming over them all. "Get off the pitch!" he snarled. "If you're not trying out and you're not off the pitch in the next ten seconds, the beaters will be using your heads for bludgers-!" They all ran for the stands, clambering up to watch the tryouts, Tracey and Millie laughing. "I can imagine Flint actually trying to do that," Millie said. "Trying to rip someone's head off as a substitute bludger." "Can you imagine him justifying it to Professor Snape?" Tracey giggled. "'Well sir, we lost a bludger, but Goyle's head was just as hard as one, so…'" They dissolved into laughter again as they all took their seats, Tracey and Millie sitting to Hermione's right. Blaise sat on her left, giving her a considering look. "Want to tell me what all that was about?" Blaise murmured, his voice quiet. Hermione considered. "It's probably safer if you didn't know." Blaise's eyebrows went up, but he stayed silent. Quidditch tryouts were boring, and Hermione found herself wishing she had brought a book. The Chasers were trying to make goals, the Keepers trying to block them, and it looked a lot like a stretched-out boring version of football. She and her friends entertained themselves by making snide comments and ranking the players on ridiculous criteria, very few of which would have any relevance on whether or not a person would actually be a good addition to the Quidditch team. "He missed by a mile," Millie scoffed. "Minus points for Hideous Aim." "Ah, but he missed with style," Blaise said, smirking. "Points for Flashy Flying." "Points for looking good with windswept hair, too," Tracey chimed in. "What's that, points for Attractive Advantage?" Hermione laughed. When it came down to it, she really did treasure her Slytherin friends. As they all bickered good-naturedly, she watched out of the corner of her eye, paying attention to the players as they flew. Harry had gone over a lot about seeker maneuvers and Quidditch theory, but in the end, she had managed to find the common thread and simplify it down: the most dangerous Quidditch maneuvers were the ones that involved high speeds and turning, in any direction. A turn on broomstick at high speeds required the flyer to angle themself ever-so-perfectly off of center, in order to bank into the turn and properly angle their weight. If a flyer didn't angle themself just so, the winds could catch the back of the broomstick and send it flying off-course and out of control fairly easily. This was a risk especially faced by seekers, who typically flew at higher speeds than the rest of the players when they were chasing after the snitch. Hermione watched, idly making comments and awarding people imaginary points for 'Creative Cussing' and 'Funny Failing'. The Chasers and Keepers wrapped up, followed by the Beaters, finally followed by the Seekers. Almost without realizing it, Hermione straightened up, paying rapt attention, and she could sense Blaise stiffening next to her. "Draco's turn, next," Blaise said casually. "Shame we didn't bring any pennants." "I was genuinely considering it," Tracey admitted, giggling. "But I didn't want Draco to have Vince and Greg murder me in my bed." The seekers, it seemed, were going to compete in a mini-tournament of snitch-catching. Marcus had divided them into two pairs to fly against each other, the winners of which would presumably face off against each other in a final race. The first pair was the snotty older girl and a boy Hermione didn't recognize, and a moment later, they were off. "That's not a real snitch," Blaise scoffed. "Flint's slowed it down, somehow." "Makes sense," Millie said reasonably. "No one wants to be here all night while they hunt around for it in the dark." The seekers chasing the snitch were fiercely competitive, and Hermione could tell they were pushing their broomsticks as hard as they could. When the boy's hand finally closed around the snitch and Marcus' whistle blew, the girl landed and spat on the ground with poor grace. "Next up! Malfoy and Rowle!" Marcus' voice echoed up from the pitch. Subtly, Hermione palmed her wand. "Draco's turn now," Blaise commented, his eyes firmly fixed on the pitch. "And Rowle. He's a fourth year, I heard. Have you ever met Rowle before, Hermione?" "I might have one night," Hermione said, her eyes watching the fliers mount their brooms. "Pansy introduced us." Blaise's eyes flashed. "…I see." Marcus let the snitch go in a flash of gold, there was a whistle, and both Draco and Rowle kicked off from the ground. Hermione watched with sharp eyes, wishing she'd brought a set of binoculars to help. Tracey next to her was keeping up a steady stream of babble about Draco's flying and his chances with Millie, while Hermione watched as both seekers flew around. As they rounded the south bend of the Quidditch pitch and the snitch darted off towards the far end, Hermione saw her chance approaching. Hidden in her sleeve, she raised her wand. "Ventus," she breathed. Hermione felt a rush of answering power surge through her, and the wind picked up on the pitch. Her eyes never wavered as Draco and Rowle raced down the pitch, both gaining on the snitch. "Careful, now," Blaise murmured from next to her. "Got to time it right…" Hermione appreciated the fact that his words could just as easily be aimed at Draco as they were at her. There! The snitch had darted away, curving back toward the pitch, and both flyers had to bank hard into their brooms to make the turn— Hermione gestured subtly with her wand, a surge of power and air descending from above the pitch in a tightly-spun vortex, as invisible as it was powerful, and–- "AAaahhh!" The other players on the ground gasped at Rowle's helpless scream. "Merlin!" "Rowle!" "Rowle! What are you—?!" Rowle's broom had suddenly careened off-course and had whirled into a high-speed death spiral that he couldn't seem to get control of. Hermione watched as he spun about helplessly in midair as his broom spun further and further from the Quidditch pitch, until— WHAM "Oh," Blaise breathed. "Now that's just cruel." Hermione watched as the Whomping Willow loudly and angrily objected to being hit with a dizzy rider and broomstick, wailing on Rowle with its giant boughs. Even from this distance, she could see the silver glint from his Quidditch robes being tossed around in the tree limbs, and she could hear the dull thud of impact every time a branch connected with his body. Everyone went running over to the tree now, and Hermione and her friends ran over with them, not wanting to miss all the excitement. Rowle was somehow clinging to a branch, now, hiding behind one to avoid the others. His broomstick was snapped in three pieces stuck in the leaves nearby, and one of his legs looked bent entirely the wrong way. "Rowle! Get out of there!" Marcus bellowed. With a deep breath, Rowle leapt from the tree, hitting the ground hard. Marcus and another boy ran under the tree limbs for him, intending to drag him out. "I think not," Hermione murmured. A gesture, and the still-active air elemental inside of her sent winds dancing through the air, adjusting one branch just so so it whacked Rowle firmly on his side, hitting him hard enough that he went flying out from underneath the branches of the tree, safely out of reach, but with a sickening crack to his ribs. "Rowle!" "Damon! Damon, are you okay?!" They all crowded around Rowle, murmuring. "Out of the way, out of the way-!" Someone had gotten Professor Snape, who was hurrying over, robes billowing. He knelt down next to Rowle, who was moaning on the ground pitifully, and cast some sort of diagnostic charm. "Marvelously bad flying," Marcus snorted, now that it was evident that Rowle wasn't going to be mauled to death by a tree. "Never seen someone still unable to sort themselves out of a tailspin after more than half a dozen rotations." "Is… is he going to be okay?" Hermione glanced over. Draco had landed, snitch in hand, but he looked uncertain. "He will live," Snape said shortly. "Levicorpus." Rowle floated into the air, turning over to be face-up, and he moaned. "Would you look at that," Hermione murmured. Rowle's eyes flickered open at her voice and met hers. This time, instead of glaring at her with malice, there was a wariness and fear lurking in his eyes. "Look at what?" Draco asked, peering over at him. "He's got a cut on his cheek," Hermione said, with satisfaction. "It'll leave a scar… something to remember this by." Rowle's eyes widened at her tone, and he visibly recoiled from her. "Enough!" Snape said. "I am taking him to the Hospital Wing. You may all visit him there later, after you have cleaned up all this mess and finished the tryouts. Mister Rowle, hold still." They watched as Snape led him off the grounds up to the school, holding him aloft in the air at wand point. They grew smaller as they disappeared into the distance, one tall figure in robes walking and a smaller figure floating alongside. "I didn't know that there was a separate spell for levitating people," Hermione said, astonished and somewhat bitter. "All this time, I could have just been using that…" "Oh, hush, Hermione," Tracey said, rolling her eyes. "I'm sure you'll have it learned by tomorrow." "We have to clean this up before we can continue tryouts?" Marcus said, glaring at the broken bits of broomstick and tree branch that littered the ground underneath and around the Whomping Willow. "How are we supposed to manage that?" "Oh," Hermione said. "No matter." She gestured with a hand, and all the broken bits of wood and broom blew out from underneath of the tree, spinning themselves into a neat pile out of the Whomping Willow's reach. Marcus blinked but then gave Hermione a twisted grin. "Nice, there, Granger!" he said, missing teeth gaping. "Now tryouts can continue." He went back to the pitch, calling for everyone to follow him back. Most of the crowd following him back onto the pitch as he yelled. Draco lingered behind a long moment, catching Hermione's eye and watching her. He walked backwards for a while, as if he was trying to silently communicate with her, before finally turning around and hurrying after the rest of them. There was a silence, now, by the tree, only broken by the soft breeze of the wind. Hermione stood there a long moment, just breathing, feeing the wind on her face and in her hair. "Are you ready?" Blaise asked quietly. Hermione looked up at him, before she nodded. "I'm ready," she said. Blaise and Tracey guided the group back up to the Quidditch stands, chatting idly about what Rowle's broomstick had been made out of and what a replacement would cost. Hermione let their chatter go in one ear and out the other; she was much more focused on what was going on with her internally. The air elemental inside of her was still fluttering and dancing inside of her, thrilled at being let out to play for so long. But inside her, the rest of her power felt smooth and calm, a sense of satisfaction having settled in her at seeing Rowle's eyes flash with realization and horror as he looked up at her from the ground. Dark satisfaction, Hermione noted, carefully examining herself. Not Dark power. She hadn't been sure, after all. According to Snape, any magic could be Dark magic, when it was used to hurt another, but he'd made the distinction between feeling a sense of dark satisfaction at the use of your power overcoming another, versus a sense of dark satisfaction at the result. Dark magic created the feeling of Dark pleasure itself, just by using it – any satisfaction experienced just from observing the result was separate entirely. It was justified revenge, Hermione told herself. And like Snape said – intent is everything. Still, Hermione was aware she was playing with fire. Dark Magic seemed a slippery slope to go down, and she knew she was perhaps closer to the top of that hill than she'd like. Two down, she thought to herself. Only five to go.
A/N: New Blood turned 1 this past weekend! Thank you all for reading. I love writing this story, and it makes me so happy to hear that so many people love reading along as well. Thank you all for your reviews, too. They make me smile, they make me laugh, and they help me keep going when things are hard. Sometimes all a review will say is 'I hope you are well,' and even that is a small kindness that makes me a little stronger. I would write this story with no readers and continue to post it out of stubbornness, but it's much more fun when there are readers, too. I hope you all continue to read for the next year, too, and I hope you're as excited as me for Hermione's next adventures! Many thanks to you all :) Word flew round the Slytherin common room of what had happened to Damon Rowle at Quidditch tryouts. It seemed everyone was talking about what had happened in one context or another. Most people were discussing what had happened and how he'd lost control of his broom, those who had been there describing it for others who listened in horrified fascination, while others were discussing the tryouts themselves – who had won which positions and the like. Hermione was watching discreetly from over the edge of her book, listening. Nearby, Marcus Flint was retelling Rowle's adventure with a particularly scathing commentary on his flying abilities, gesticulating widely as he told the story. "And then, the useless sod, he leaned to the outside, not the inside of the spiral, which made him go even further off course and smack right into the Whomping Willow!" Marcus smacked his hand against his other loudly. "The tree beat the snot out of him, of course. Busted his broomstick into smithereens as well – left a hell of a mess. Snape wasn't pleased – wanted us to clean it all up before we continued try-outs…" "Clean up a mess under the Whomping Willow?" Adrian Pucey asked, laughing. "You must have really pissed Snape off, Flint. How many thwacks did you take, cleaning all that up?" "None, Pucey," Marcus growled. "Granger cast some spell, and all the splinters flew into a pile outside of the hit zone." "Oh, so you had to have a second-year clean up your mess—" "It wasn't my mess, you utter twat—" "Excuse me, did you say Granger?" Hermione glanced up just long enough to recognize the girl who approached Marcus, folding her arms. "What's it to you, Travers?" Marcus sneered. She sneered right back. "I just find it funny that Granger, of all people, was the one who thought to use a spell to clean it all up…" "It wasn't like that, Lilian," another boy chimed in. "She just waved her hand, and all the debris swept itself out from under the tree. She made it all settle down into one tight pile, too, like mini-tornado. And she did it right after Flint had complained about it – she probably only wanted to help, so she could see the end of tryouts, too." Lilian, however, had reared back. "I'm sorry," she said pleasantly. "Did you just say a second year wandlessly caused a powerful, tightly-controlled tornado?" "That's what he just said, Travers," Marcus growled. "Why don't you try listening for a—" "A tornado," she stressed, "not unlike the one Rowle was in when he crashed?" "Don't be ridiculous," Marcus scoffed. "Rowle wasn't in tornado, he was in a tailspin." "But he could have been, couldn't he?" Lilian pointed out. "If he was the only thing caught in the tornado, it'd certainly look like a tailspin, wouldn't it?" "I doubt it," Adrian remarked, looking at his nails lazily. "Tornadoes are fierce and loud enough that they make a lot of noise. And they tend to pick up dirt and debris." "Even the little tornado Granger made picked up dirt and made a noise," the other boy added. Lilian scowled at them. "Rowle's been flying since he was four," she insisted. "There's no way he would have flown into a tailspin." "Then maybe he shouldn't have gone faster than he could handle while trying to beat out Malfoy," Flint snarled. "Unless you're saying that a second-year was strong enough to cause an invisible and silent tornado to purposefully make him crash?" There was a brief silence, and Adrian started to laugh. "You're crazy, Travers," he said. "You see conspiracy theories everywhere. You were the one convinced last year that Hagrid was breeding Dark creatures in the forest that fed on unicorns." Lilian flushed a hot red and stormed off, the boys laughing behind her as she left. Hermione bit her lip and made a careful note to keep an eye out for Lilian Travers. "…Hermione?" Hermione looked up to see Draco Malfoy looking down at her, somewhat hesitantly. "Draco," she said, shutting her book and setting it aside. She offered him a smile. "Congratulations on making seeker." Draco's face flickered with a quick grin. "Thanks. I'm quite pleased." "Where were you after tryouts?" Hermione asked. "The new players were celebrating in the corner by the lake for a while." "Snape wanted to congratulate me," he said. Hermione blinked. "You, personally?" "He's my godfather." Draco shrugged. "He wanted to hear about how tryouts went and to tell me congratulations." Hermione felt a sudden flare of jealousy so sharp it was physically painful. To have Snape as a godfather… to have Snape as someone always looking out for you, helping you, training you… "Speaking of which, he wanted me to come and get you," Draco continued. "He wants to see you in his office." Hermione blinked. "Now?" she said, astonished. "It's nearly curfew." "He'll probably write you a note or walk you back if he keeps you out past it," Draco said. "But he insisted I come get you and send you along now." Something in Draco's tone was off, and Hermione paused. "Do you know what the meeting is about?" she asked. "No," Draco said immediately. Hermione considered. "Do you think you might know what it's about?" she revised. An emotion flitted over Draco's face. "I suspect," he admitted. Hermione waited, nodding at him to prompt him. Draco looked at her for a long moment, the silence growing thicker. "I was going to lose to Rowle," he said abruptly. "During tryouts. He was gaining on the snitch, though it was so close it would have been hard to see from the stands." "Was he now?" Hermione murmured, waiting to see where Draco was going with this. "He was," Draco repeated, "until he banked wrong and flew off into a tailspin." He was looking at her pointedly. Hermione raised an eyebrow, but he seemed to be waiting for something from her. "How fortuitous for you, then," she said, and Draco nodded, a relief flashing over his face. "Yes, I thought so too," he said. "It was very, very lucky for me. Unnaturally lucky, one might say." "Oh, I'm sure it had more to do with Rowle's own poor luck, being unable to handle his own broom," Hermione said. "Nothing unnatural about someone getting cocky and making a mistake." "Still, though," Draco pressed. "He was blown off-course so suddenly, right at the critical moment. It was like he was a pixie or something." He stressed the word pixie significantly, and Hermione's heart leap into her throat, her eyes wide. Draco held his hands up, empty. "I'm just saying, you know – that I'm very glad I was as lucky as I happened to be tonight. I wouldn't have gotten the position otherwise, and I wanted this really, really badly." His eyes held hers, significant. "I'm very grateful for my random streak of luck." He thought she had done it for him, Hermione realized. He had no idea that Hermione had a bone to pick with Rowle, no idea that anything had ever happened that she'd want revenge on him for. Draco legitimately thought that she'd interfered with Quidditch tryouts to help him win. Hermione would have criticized him for his sheer arrogance, but it worked in her favor; she'd rather he not know the truth of why she went after Rowle. "I think that's why Snape wants to talk to you, anyway," Draco admitted. "Not that he said anything, but when I was talking about tryouts, his eyes narrowed, and then he wanted to talk to you." "About your unusual streak of luck?" Hermione said, her tone carefully measured as she stood, brushing out her robes. "Maybe," Draco said. He shrugged, then offered her a smirk. "You're the best brewer in our class. Maybe he thinks you brewed me Felix Felicis to help me win." Hermione laughed before she left the common room, heading for Snape's private office. "Note to self: look up Felix Felicis," she murmured to herself. She knocked on Snape's office door three times, rapping on it sharply. "Come in." Hermione pushed open the door to see Professor Snape sitting behind his desk. He was slowly toying with some black cube in his hands, turning it over and over and over. He was looking at her, his eyes glittering. "Please, Miss Granger," he said. "Have a seat." Hermione took a seat, careful to keep her face neutral. "Draco said you wanted to see me, sir?" she asked. "I did." Snape put down the odd black cube and steepled his hands in front of him. "I understand you were at Quidditch tryouts this evening." "I attended," Hermione said. "All of the second years did, to support Draco. I certainly didn't try out." "Indeed." His eyes glinted. "And were you witness to Mr. Rowle's unfortunate crash?" "It was hard to miss," Hermione commented. Snape's eyes were fixed firmly on hers, and Hermione fought the urge to squirm. She focused on remaining cool and calm, utterly in the present. "It has come to my attention," Snape said finally, "that you made some particular remarks to Mr. Rowle before and after his Quidditch tryout." A bolt of panic flashed through Hermione's mind. She had, obviously – there was no point to getting revenge unless your victim knew it had been you that did it – but she'd never thought Damon would tell anyone. At least, not a teacher – she imagined he might admit it to his fellow bullies, but not to Snape. She forced herself to breathe in smoothly, hold it for a count of five, and breathe out smoothly, steadily. As she breathed, her initial panic faded, leaving Hermione instead with a sense of confusion. She was sure that Damon wouldn't tell anyone, now that she reconsidered it. He'd been afraid of her when he left the pitch, and she doubted he'd want to tell a teacher that a second-year had bested him, especially with so far-fetched a story as her magically blowing his broomstick off-course. But then, if Damon hadn't said anything, then… how…? She briefly considered Draco, before dismissing that too – Draco had made a point to emphasize how grateful he was. He wouldn't have betrayed her here. Snape was still looking at her, eyes glittering in the dark, and Hermione realized he was still waiting for her response. "I did, sir," she told him, settling her shoulders back. "I commented on how I wasn't about to fly, and later I commented that he had a mark on his cheek." "And did these remarks have any greater meaning…?" Now, Hermione was outright suspicious. The only way Snape would have known that her comments would have any deeper meaning would be from Damon himself, but he'd have had to admit to the events of last February to do so. "I'm not sure what you mean, sir," Hermione said neutrally. "They were just comments." Something flashed in Snape's eyes, and with a rush, Hermione realized it was pride. He was proud of her for not telling him what had happened, for walking around the truth like this. He didn't want her to tell him what had really occurred. Abruptly, Hermione reconsidered what was going on. If Snape was proud of her, this meeting took on entirely new meaning. Rowle wouldn't have accused her – he was too scared, and too prideful, to ever admit she had bested him. And Draco wouldn't have said anything. Harry going to Snape was laughable, and Blaise would never betray her. So somehow, Snape had put it together himself what had happened, and he'd called her down here to talk to her about it directly. But he hadn't summoned the Headmaster. And he hadn't declared anything, or threatened her with any punishment for that matter. No, it was more like he was probing, trying to see what information she would give up or say. "It has come to my attention," Snape said finally, "that you seem to possess uncanny skills with air magic. Given the events of last year… one cannot be faulted for being suspicious. So I must ask: may I see your wand, Miss Granger?" Curious, Hermione handed it over. He turned it over in his hands. "There is a spell, Miss Granger," Snape told her, withdrawing his own wand, "that can reproduce what spells were most recently cast by a wand. Were you aware of this?" Hermione didn't answer, just watched him as he touched the tip of his wand to hers. "Priori Incantantem." Her wand began to glow, and a soft burst of swirling wind came out of her wand for a moment, whispering "Ventus" as it dissipated into the classroom. Snape gave her a pointed look, but Hermione watched her wand, and a moment later, a ghostly image of a plate reforming from two pieces emerged, a toneless "Reparo" echoing in the classroom. Snape snapped his wand up sharply, breaking it away from hers, and his eyes were fixed on hers. Hermione shrugged innocently. "I understand your suspicion, given the circumstances" she said. "But surely this clears me of any wrongdoing." "Clears you?" Snape looked incredulous. "Miss Granger—" "Anyone who was there at tryouts can tell you that after you left, I used a wind charm to sweep all the broken bits of broom out from under the Whomping Willow so no one would get hurt trying to get them out," Hermione said. "And the spell I used before that was from dinner, when Greg dropped a plate on the ground that I fixed." She offered him a smile, but her eyes glinted challengingly. "If there were no other spells between the two of those, surely that proves my innocence?" Snape watched her for a long moment, before the corners of his lips curled up ever so slightly. "Indeed it does, Miss Granger," he told her. "Indeed it does." His tone said anything but that he believed she was innocent. He was smirking at her, his dark eyes glittering, and Hermione smirked right back at him. "Then, sir," she prompted. "My wand?" He handed it back to her, and Hermione smoothly took it and slipped it back into her robes. "We spoke last year about Dark magic, you might recall," Snape said conversationally. "Do you remember our discussion?" "I remember it well, sir," Hermione replied. "Particularly the parts about intent being everything, and the difference between outright cruelty and justified retribution." Snape's smirk didn't move, but she could see his eyes glint. "Very good," he told her as he smoothly stood. "Then, Miss Granger, allow me to escort you back to your common room. It is after curfew, and I'll not see Professor McGonagall take points off any Slytherins when they were justifiably kept out after hours by a professor." "Thank you, sir." Hermione's mind lingered on the way back, however, and continued to dwell on their conversation as she readied herself for bed. If no one had told Snape anything of what had really happened... how had he known?
Hermione woke on Saturday feeling cheerful. Rowle was still in the Hospital Wing, under observation for the ribs he'd had to regrow, and Pansy was treating Hermione with a cool deference, if not a reluctant respect. She was still feeling pleased with herself as she buttered her toast until a prefect approached her – one she didn't recognize, from Ravenclaw. "Dumbledore?" Hermione repeated. "Dumbledore wants to see me?" The prefect nodded. "Immediately after breakfast. I'm to take you up to his office." Hermione bit her lip. "I'm not done eating," she objected. "I'll come get you at quarter till, then," the prefect said amicably. "Eat quickly." The prefect walked off, and Hermione turned back to the Slytherin table, her stomach suddenly churning. "The Headmaster," Blaise commented. "That's new. I've never heard of him summoning anyone to his office directly." "At least not a student," Tracey added. "Mostly he just leaves us alone." Hermione tossed her head back, defiant. "I've done nothing wrong," she said. "I'm sure it's some mundane matter. Perhaps my parents' owl got lost en route to the school." Her friends hid their polite incredulousness and avoided the topic the rest of breakfast, though it was obvious a dark mood was growing over Hermione. Draco kept glancing her way, and Tracey kept giving her worried looks. The Ravenclaw prefect soon returned. "Ready?" "I suppose so," Hermione said, slinging her bag over her shoulder. The trip to Dumbledore's office was up several sets of stairs, and Hermione's bag began to make her shoulder ache. She grit her teeth and resisted the urge to hit it with a Levitation Charm or two – the last thing she needed now was a prefect to see her confidence with air charms. At last, they reached a large statue of a phoenix. "Chocolate Frog." The statue began to rotate, a spiral staircase emerging from the ground. Hermione looked to the prefect, who gestured, and Hermione stepped onto the staircase as it twisted her upwards. The stairs made a low rumbling sound, stone groaning against itself, and Hermione quietly tried to steel herself for this. Deep breaths, she told herself. Calm your mind. Dumbledore could read minds, but she wasn't about to let him read hers. If she managed to avoid eye contact, and since there was no proof of anything… The staircase stopped in front of a large door, and Hermione knocked. "Enter." Hermione obediently opened the door. The Headmaster's office was large, open, and cluttered. Odd gadgets of all sorts littered the shelves, with larger relics and artifacts along the edges of the space. Hermione's eyes were drawn to one that looked like a large fountain, but she resisted the urge to go look. Instead, she approached the Headmaster. Dumbledore could be an imposing man when he wanted to be. Despite his age, he was quite tall, and his sharp blue eyes and long beard held an intimidation factor all their own. He was wearing deep purple robes trimmed in lavender, and he stood next to his chair, watching her approach. Hermione was careful to keep her eyes from meeting his. "You wanted to see me, Headmaster?" Hermione's voice was polite, inquisitive, and slightly confused. A good tone for a good student who was puzzled as to why they had been summoned, Hermione thought. "Hello, Miss Granger." Dumbledore's eyes twinkled. "I did indeed. Please, take a seat." Hermione sank into the chair in front of his desk, and Dumbledore settled into his much fancier chair across the desk. He looked at her, his blue eyes examining her, and Hermione kept her eyes pleasantly just below his own, preventing direct eye contact. "It has come to my attention, Miss Granger," Dumbledore said, "that you have misbehaved." Immediately, Hermione felt her hackles rise. Taking a deep breath, she pushed back her instinctive defensive anger. "Sir?" she questioned. "I'm not sure what you're speaking about." He had nothing, she reminded herself. Nothing. There was no way he could prove that Rowle's accident had been her, and if she just denied everything- "I have spoken with Harry Potter recently-" Dumbledore began. No! Hermione thought, desperation tinging her thoughts. Never. Harry wouldn't betray me! But- if Dumbledore looked into his mind- "-and he informed me you were responsible for his 'rescue' from his family's house," the Headmaster finished. Hermione's thoughts came to a screeching halt. "Wait, what?" "You took it upon yourself to 'liberate' Mr. Potter from his relatives' home," Dumbledore said. He gave her a frown, the twinkle in his eyes gone. "Even though it was not your place to do so." Her mind did an abrupt 180, and Hermione's temper flared. She'd been prepared to defend herself from accusations of endangering a classmate; she'd never imagined she'd be called to defend herself for doing the right thing. "Excuse me?" Hermione said, incredulous. "Harry was being locked up. They were starving him. They put bars on the windows!" "While that is unfortunate, Harry should have stayed with his family over the summer," Dumbledore told her. "It was not your place to rescue him." "It was," Hermione said vehemently. "Harry is my friend. If there was something I could do to help him, I was morally obligated to do it." "Miss Granger." Dumbledore's voice turned cold. "There are adults watching out for the well-being of Mr. Potter. You should have turned to them with your concerns." "I was told that adults couldn't help!" Hermione objected. "I went to go and get Mr. Weasley, but then Fred and George told me about all the bureaucracy that would get involved, and-" "Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley were involved in this?" Dumbledore frowned. "Yes," Hermione said. "Fred, George, Ron, and I all went in the stupid flying car to rescue Harry that night. I wasn't about to attempt it on my own. Fred drove the car, we pulled the bars from Harry's window, and we took him back to The Burrow, where he would be safe for the rest of the summer." Dumbledore raised an eyebrow. "And Mr. Potter stayed at The Burrow for the rest of the summer?" His tone had changed somewhat, the cold condemnation gone from his voice. "Yes. I just said that," Hermione said. "I sent his family a letter, saying he was somewhere safe, and Harry assured me that they barely cared about him anyway-" Abruptly, realization struck Hermione. A cold, icy anger gripped her throat, and she fell silent. Dumbledore wasn't mad that Harry had been rescued. He was mad that she had been the one to rescue him. Something must have changed in her stance or her eyes, because Dumbledore straightened, looking over the tops of his half-moon glasses down the length of his nose at her. "Miss Granger," he said sternly. "Harry is safest with his relatives. It is not your place to-" "To help my friend?" Hermione said bitterly. "It was dangerous to try and 'rescue' him from a Muggle neighborhood-" "But the Weasleys rescuing him and helping him is fine?" Hermione interrupted. "It's just the issue that I shouldn't have done it? Because I'm-" "Miss Granger." Dumbledore's voice was sharp, and it whipped through the office like a tangible force. Hermione flinched and fell silent. His eyes settled on her once again, and Hermione kept her own eyes firmly on his desk. "I need to make sure you understand that it is not your place to try and protect Harry Potter," Dumbledore said, "regardless of if he is your friend or not." Hermione recalled Dumbledore's eyes fixing upon her at the leaving feast, the icy blue seeing her for the first time. "I understand," Hermione said dully. "I do not want you in my office again because you have tried to 'rescue' Harry from his Muggle relatives," Dumbledore said sternly, "regardless of what worries you have. There are adults watching after Mr. Potter, and it is their job to make sure he is safe, not yours." His eyes were sharp. "Do I make myself clear?" Hermione's eyes flashed, but she did her best to reign her anger back. "Crystal."
Hermione stormed around the Slytherin common room in a bad mood. The rest of the second years gave her a wide berth as she stormed around, muttering to herself. "'Not my place' indeed," she muttered beneath her breath. "Of course, because it's not my place to act when I encounter something morally reprehensible—" Dumbledore didn't want her being friends with Harry; that much was clear. Hermione wondered if it was Dumbledore being prejudiced against Slytherins in general, or if it was a specific dislike of her. "It's not like I'm trying to make Harry obligated to me," she muttered. "He's my friend." Hermione had never imagined she'd face consequences or suspicion for trying to help Harry – especially when she'd helped rescue him from an awful situation. Merlin, Ron and Harry had been seen by Muggles while flying a car, and they'd gotten off with only a detention. Dumbledore's attention was not something she wanted on her. She had no desire to attract special attention from the Headmaster. With her interests and ambition, it was one of the worst things that could happen to her. A familiar voice drifted into her mind, a memory. Father always said that Dumbledore was the worst thing that ever happened to Hogwarts… Hermione bit her lip, considering, before moving decisively in the direction of some of the second years. "Pansy," Hermione said. "Where is Draco?" Pansy looked up from her homework at Hermione. Whatever defiance Pansy held faltered when her eyes met Hermione's. "Quidditch Pitch," Pansy said, her voice somewhat faint. "Practice is over at noon." Hermione gave her a sharp nod. "Thank you," she said, and Pansy looked surprised. "If you see him, please let him know I'm looking for him." With that, Hermione stalked back to her dormitory. No one else was inside, and Hermione kicked open her trunk of shrunken books, her eyes scanning the titles inside before pulling out Customizing Your Circles. "Kill two birds with one stone," Hermione muttered to herself, flipping open the book and pulling out a sheet of parchment and self-inking quill. "I might not be able to protect Harry, but I can damn well protect myself." "You were looking for me?" Hermione looked up at Draco Malfoy. He was illuminated by the faint green light of the lake, and he took a seat at her table, the rest of the common room a dull murmur of conversation behind him. "I was," she said simply, as she watched as Draco tried not to preen. His hair was damp, Hermione noted. She suspected he'd taken a shower immediately before coming to see her, given his earlier Quidditch practice, and he smelled slightly of soap. Better soap than sweat, she figured. Not that she cared either way. "Not long ago, you agreed with me to do a ritual to set us magically as equals again," she said quietly. "Do you still hold that intention?" Draco straightened, his eyes alert. "I do," he said. "Did you find one?" "I designed one," Hermione said, waving her hand dismissively. "It's an adaptation of two different ones to get the effect we need." Draco's eyes widened. "You designed-" "It's to protect us both from Dumbledore," Hermione interrupted, her voice low. Her eyes met Draco's. "To protect us from his Legilimency." Draco's eyes held hers for a long moment, wide. "Or don't you have secrets you'd rather the Headmaster not be able to see…?" Hermione asked softly, and Draco swallowed. "That sounds like a dangerous ritual," he said slowly. "I've never heard of such a thing before." "That's why I had to design it," Hermione told him. "Look. Here." She scooted her chair alongside Draco's, dragging her piece of parchment over. "So this is the circle we'll be working with," she told him. "It's a transference of energy, so it's all about the balance. You'll sit here, and I'll sit here, and we'll join hands here in the center." She pointed to the runes around the outside of the circle. "I only have the introductory volume for Ancient Runes, so I've only included runes for protection and transference. They'll help guide the energy, as well as make sure we're safe in the circle itself." "Guide the energy?" "We're going to be making a sort of shield in front of the others' thoughts," Hermione explained. "Think of it like a cheating way to do Occlumency until we both get better at it. I will transfer some of my magic to you, to shield your thoughts from those who would steal them, and you will transfer some of your magic to me to do the same. Because the magic is foreign, we'll be able to better detect when anyone is messing with it, and then we can react accordingly." Draco was looking at her oddly. "You're saying it's a shield against Legilimency that will let us know when someone is trying to read our thoughts." "A weak shield," Hermione admitted. "Neither of us have much power, compared to Dumbledore. But we can use as much as we safely can to strengthen it, and we'll at least be able to feel when someone's trying to read our minds, then — which can take tons of practice to realize with Occlumency." Draco looked at the parchment, tracing his fingertips over the lines. "How did you even do this?" he wondered aloud. "Modification of a protection ritual and another ritual for clarity of thought," Hermione answered, though she didn't think he'd actually expected a response. "No, you don't get it," he told her. "Ritual modification is difficult. Rituals are imprecise. There's a reason wizards turned to wands. But you just… you just chopped two up and combined them how you wanted." "Ritual magic is all about asserting your will with your magic," Hermione said, frowning. "There are rules with the circles and runes and elements and whatnot, but it's not inflexible." "I have never heard of people modifying ritual magic like this, Hermione," Draco told her seriously. "Is this... is this a New Blood thing, you being able to do this?" "It's just logic and research," Hermione dismissed, waving him off. "Ritual magic isn't hard, it's just rare. But Draco, here's the issue – a ritual like this will require some components. Potentially expensive components." That got Draco's attention. "What do you need?" he asked. Hermione bit her lip. "We'll need powdered silver," she told him. "A lot of it. We'll need to make the circle and channels from it instead of salt or chalk—" "Done," Draco said immediately. "What else?" Hermione looked at him for a long moment. "We'll need a silvered mirror and a silver ritual dagger," she said. "That's easy enough," Draco said, nodding. He tugged the parchment over towards him and began scratching out a list. "Anything else?" Hermione took a deep breath. "Fire seeds and liquid silver," she finished. "Mercury. Pure, in a small silver cauldron. As much as you can get, but really, a few ounces will do." Draco looked hesitant. "Liquid silver is hard to get," he said slowly. "Especially because it's considered a poison most of the time…" "We won't be touching it," Hermione assured him. "And I'll put runes down to contain its vapors, so we don't end up breathing any of the fumes in." Draco frowned, but he nodded. "I'll need to owl my father," he warned. "I won't be able to get all this while I'm stuck at school." Hermione shrugged. She wasn't fond of Lucius Malfoy, but she wasn't about to refuse his help. "Do what you need to do." "When do we need all this by?" "We can do the ritual on either a new moon or a full moon," Hermione told him. "Full moon is in three days. New moon is about two weeks after that." Draco nodded, tearing off part of the parchment. He folded up the list and tucked it into his robes. "I'll see what I can do," he told her seriously. Hermione nodded. "Good." She paused. "And Draco?" His eyes leapt up to hers, his silver gaze holding hers for a long moment. She hesitated. "Don't tell anyone," she said finally. Draco smirked, his eyes glinting. "Oh, Hermione," he drawled, and there was an amused note to his tone. "Do you really think the Malfoy family hasn't learned how to keep secrets before now?"
Hermione had decided to introduce Luna to her other friends in one of the nicer nooks in the courtyard, since the weather was being agreeable. She didn't want Madam Pince to get mad at them for talking, especially not this early in the year. So it was Saturday afternoon when Hermione retrieved Luna from the Ravenclaw tower and walked her down to the prearranged meeting point outside. "Harry, Neville, this is Luna Lovegood," Hermione introduced. "Luna, these are my friends Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom." Harry nodded, and Neville offered a shy smile and a small bow. "A pleasure," he told her. Luna smiled. "Pleased to meet you," she said. She gave them both a short, bobbing curtsy before looking around. "Where's the tall red one?" Harry laughed. "Ron got in trouble this morning for causing trouble with the Slytherins," he said. "The Quidditch pitch ended up double-booked, and there was a bit of a fight. Ron withdrew his wand and tried to curse Malfoy, but the curse ended up hitting him instead." Harry seemed to be fighting his amusement. "Hagrid is keeping watch over him until he stops belching slugs." Hermione made a face. "Ewww." "I told him not to curse them." Harry shrugged. "Or to try and cast magic with a broken wand." "Speaking of wands-" Neville pulled out his new wand, looking up at Hermione with a wide grin. "I can do Transfiguration with this now, Hermione!" he exclaimed. "I've never been able to master a Transfiguration on the first day of class before!" Hermione grinned. "That's great, Neville!" Neville sat back happily, admiring his wand. "Charms class was almost easy," he said. "For the first time… I feel like a real wizard, Hermione." He looked up at her. "Thanks." His voice was so earnest, so heartfelt, that Hermione flushed. "It was nothing," she said. "I just wanted to help you out." Neville nodded, grinning. "Well, you definitely did." Luna was looking at Harry, tilting her head as she looked at him. "Your magic is growing rapidly," she observed. "It wasn't doing that before." Harry blinked. "It's… what?" "Your aura reflects your magic," Luna told him. "Yours is fluctuating very fast." "Luna is a Seer," Hermione explained. Harry blinked, but Neville looked impressed. "That's very rare!" he exclaimed. "Harry, that means she can see glimpses of the future!" "Oh," Harry said, his eyes widening. "And that means… you can see my- my what?" "Your aura," Hermione said patiently. "It's kind of like the bubble of your own magic and personal energy that surrounds you at all times." "Yours is shifting around quite rapidly," Luna told him. "It's as if you've recently come into your magic and it hasn't quite settled down yet. Your magical power is growing very fast now, it seems, and your aura is trying to catch up with it." Harry looked puzzled, but Hermione's eyes widened as she caught on. "Um," she said. "Would you say his power is growing exponentially, now?" Luna turned her dreamy blue eyes on Hermione. "That'd be one word for it, I suppose," she agreed. "Though who can really say what the exponent would be?" "Why's it doing that?" Harry wanted to know. "When did it start?" "Recently," Luna told him. "I would have noticed it before." Hermione blushed a bright red. "At age eleven, a mage's magic begins to grow. At some point between ages eleven and seventeen the mage's magic will begin to grow more quickly, exponentially," Hermione said rapidly, as if reciting. "A mage's magic reaches its pinnacle when the mage turns seventeen." "At some point, it goes faster?" Harry frowned. "When is that point?" "It's different for everyone!" Hermione said, her voice high-pitched. "It's just – it's just a thing that happens. Part of growing up!" Harry still looked puzzled, Neville even more confused, but Luna turned to Hermione. "I think it's age-related," she said. "Nearly all the fourth-years have the fluctuation in their aura indicating their magic expanding quickly, and some of the third and second, too. Not many, though." Hermione waved it off, face flaming. "I'm sure everyone will reach that point sooner or later." Luna nodded amicably. "I won't for another few months or so," she said. "I foresaw it." "You- you foresaw it?" Hermione said, haltingly. "Oh, yes," Luna said. "It's going to be terribly embarrassing. I'll be in pale blue robes when it happens, and when I stand up, everyone will—" "Oh look!" Hermione said loudly, interrupting. "It's Ronald!" They all turned to see Ron trudging up the hill, his face vaguely green. "'m never casting that curse again," Ron vowed, collapsing onto one of the benches. "Urgh. I haven't been able to get the taste of slugs out of my mouth for hours." "Not even with Hagrid's rock cakes?" Neville asked. Ron snorted. "I'm not that desperate," he said. "I like having all my teeth." "Ron, this is Hermione's friend Luna," Harry said. He looked at Luna. "Luna Lovegood, was it?" Luna nodded, and offered Ron a short curtsy. "A pleasure to meet you." Ron nodded, giving Luna a skeptical look. "Are you the one who lives near The Burrow? The girl who sees imaginary things?" he asked. "Ginny was going on about you seeing things that aren't there-" "Ronald!" Hermione's voice snapped. "Luna is a Seer. If she sees things that the rest of us can't, that doesn't mean they aren't there. It means that we are blind to them." Ron raised his eyebrows. "A Seer?" he sounded impressed. "That's- that's kind of cool. Can you see my future?" Luna tilted her head at him, and Ron got more excited. "You can, can't you?" he said, eagerly. "Can you see if I become Quidditch captain? Or Head Boy?" Luna gave an ambivalent shrug. "That far off is hard to see without a prophecy coming to me," she said. "I can't see much farther than a few months away." "What can you see?" Ron pressed. "That the three of you boys are going to have a miserable Halloween," Luna said. She was staring off as if into nothing, and then she smiled. "Ooh, and it's going to get even worse afterward." "That's not very nice!" Ron objected. Luna shrugged. "I see what I see," she said. "Life isn't always nice, you know." Neville looked frightened, but Harry looked thoughtful. "Are we going to be injured?" he asked Luna. Luna fixed her eyes on him. "None of you three will be physically injured," she told him. Only Hermione caught the emphasis in her tone. Someone is going to get hurt, she realized, cold seeping into her bones. And after the disaster that was my last Halloween… "Is there anything I can do to make sure I don't get hurt either, Luna?" Hermione asked politely. Luna fixed her watery blue eyes on her, but there was a sharp intelligence to them that was usually masked. "Don't go anywhere alone."
Hermione and Luna eventually headed off, as Ron and Harry had to serve their detention that night – their punishment for the flying car. Hermione took pleasure in helping Luna with a couple questions she had on her Transfiguration homework, and Luna's stories about Potions class made Hermione laugh and laugh. "You can't just put in an ingredient and tell Professor Snape that it 'felt right'," she said, wiping her eyes, tears of laughter clinging there. "He'll slaughter you." Luna shrugged, ambivalent. "It had a good aura around it. And the nettles did help the potion." Hermione smiled. "I remember putting nettles into my Boil-Cure potion, too," she admitted. "Though I had a textbook to back me up, when Professor Snape demanded to know why I'd done it." "If I did the same thing that you did, why is it okay when you do it and not when I do?" Luna objected. "Probably because he's trying to make sure everyone follows the directions and stays safe," Hermione guessed. "He probably doesn't view 'it felt right' as a valid reason to deviate from instructions." Luna crossed her arms, but she smiled. "That's his failing then, not mine." Hermione was still laughing as they entered the Great Hall. Not many people were around yet – dinner hours were more flexible on the weekends – but there were a fair few Slytherins Hermione recognized, including her friends. "Hermione," Blaise said, grinning. "Good to see you survived seeing the Headmaster. As well as your little snit afterward." "Oh, go boil your head," Hermione snapped, and Blaise laughed. "I mean it in the best possible way, I assure you," he said. He turned to Luna and nodded. "Miss Lovegood." "Luna, if you please," Luna said, her voice happy. Blaise grinned. "Then you must call me Blaise." "What're you all doing at dinner early?" Theo said, sitting down across from them. "None of you are in the Gobstones Club to go to the tournament tonight." "Can't a girl just be hungry?" Millie objected. Tracey looked surprised. "You're in the Gobstones Club?" Theo snorted. "No." He smirked. "But the Weasley Twins might be running a book on the odds." Several of them chuckled at that. "Gobstones," Blaise said, rolling his eyes with a grin. "Such excitement we have here at Hogwarts, don't we?" "Nothing exciting happens until Halloween," Tracey said, shrugging. "Not unless someone gets into trouble." "Well, there's Hermione's birthday on the 19th," Luna said. "Other than that, it's just classes and Quidditch practice, really." "Wait, Hermione's birthday?" Blaise said. "Your birthday is coming up?" Tracey squealed. Hermione turned to give Luna a dark look. "How did you know when my birthday was?" Hermione demanded. Luna's eyes sparkled. "I must have Seen it around somewhere." Hermione groaned. "We should throw you a party!" Tracey said immediately. "We can get the House Elves to bring a cake to the common room-" "No," Hermione said strongly. "No common room party. It's ostentatious when the older snobby students do it, and all it does it make other people feel excluded or annoyed at the noise." Tracey sniffed, folding her arms. "Well, I think we should throw you a party." Hermione glowered. "No party in the common room." "Forget the party – I'm more concerned what sort of gifts we should get you," Blaise said, grinning. "You'll be thirteen, yes?" "You don't need to get me gifts!" Hermione objected. "It's not like we celebrate each other's birthdays formally in school!" "You gave me a gift when I had my birthday last year," Tracey said obstinately. "I still use the quill you gave me." "You gave me something, too," Millie pointed out. "A day planner." Blaise shot Hermione a mocking hurt look. "Nothing for me?" "I didn't know when your birthday was," Hermione muttered, looking away. Blaise laughed. "It's January 6th." At least that would be easy to remember, Hermione noted. That was the Feast of the Epiphany. "But that settles it," Blaise declared. "Seeing as we're friends, and we do get each other gifts for holidays we know about, Hermione clearly needs to receive gifts on her most special day." "Hermione needs what?" Draco looked interested as he sat down at the table, and Hermione groaned. "Nothing. I don't need-" "Hermione's birthday is on the 19th," Blaise told him, eyes dancing. "She's objecting that she doesn't need any gifts for it." Draco looked excited, then abruptly horrified. "You don't want gifts?" he said. "Do you not trust us to get you appropriate things?" "What?" Hermione said. "No, it's-" "The only time I've heard of someone refusing gifts for their birthday was because the previous year, someone had sent them a Silent Strangler disguised as a house plant," Luna commented, her voice airy and non-committal. "I suppose if you are worried that someone in Slytherin is out to get you, refusing gifts is a smart thing to do." "No one's out to get Hermione," Draco said vehemently. Hermione snorted despite herself. "Are you sure about that?" she challenged. Draco paused and swallowed, uneasy, and looked away. "At least no one here is out to get you," he asserted. "Right?" Hermione glanced around. Pansy wasn't around, nor were Draco's lackeys, or any of the older Slytherins she was watching out for. She sighed. "I suppose not." "Excellent," Blaise said, clapping his hands. "Then we'll all get you gifts as planned." Immediately, Tracey and Millie turned to each other and began brainstorming, casting glances over Tracey's shoulder at Hermione to giggle from time to time. Theo looked thoughtful, and Draco was loudly proclaiming that he was going to get her something really good for her birthday, with Blaise challenging him on if he even knew what she would consider 'good' or not. Hermione sighed. "Look," she began. "No one really needs to-" "But they do, Hermione," Luna said. She tugged Hermione's hand, turning Hermione to look at her, her wide blue eyes meeting hers. "Hermione, this is important to them." "Important to them?" Hermione questioned. "It's my birthday. Why-" "Gift-giving traditions are especially important when giving fealty to another," Luna told her seriously. "Your friends have been raised with this expectation to the point that it is ingrained in them." "Fealty?" Hermione repeated, gaping. "Luna, I'm their classmate-" "They look up to you," Luna insisted. "Even if you aren't accepting sworn followers yet, they respect you as-" "Sworn followers?" Hermione hissed. "Luna, you are taking this way too far-" "Am I?" Luna said calmly. "I don't have followers," Hermione said. "I have friends. That's it." "So far," Luna acknowledged. "That can change." She tilted her head. "Tell me, Hermione; do you remember the prophecy I gave you?" Hermione smiled weakly despite herself. "Of course. How could I ever forget it?" "Then why are you questioning your destiny?" "The prophecy said I was New Blood," Hermione argued. "And the viper born to Muggles who would change the world." Luna shook her head. "Oh, Hermione. You need to remember and listen." She took a deep breath and seemed to settle into herself. The air around her shifted, and Hermione realized a moment too late what she was trying to do. "No, Luna, just-" "The viper borne to Muggles shall be the New Blood to change the world." Luna's eyes had rolled back in her head, only the whites showing. Her hair was drifting up and around her, moving as if caught in an unseen wind. Her voice was oddly harsh and scratchy, not like Luna's usual dreamy tone at all. Hermione winced, and from the corner of her eye she could see Blaise and Draco turn sharply to listen to her. "By clearing the cluttered path with those who answer her call," Luna intoned. "Whether gifted or claimed, true, faked, or false, pure magic unfurled; the she-serpent borne of teeth shall rise and triumph over them all." There was a brief silence before Luna coughed several times, her eyes watering and flickering back open and up to Hermione. "See?" "Was that really necessary?" Hermione hissed. "Now everyone-" "'By clearing the cluttered path with those who answer her call'," Luna repeated calmly. "Tell me, Hermione; if the people who will answer your call aren't your followers, who are they?" Luna's eyes were large, open, and eerily wise. Hermione couldn't keep looking at her and broke away, looking to the table. "I don't know," Hermione admitted. Luna reached out, tucking a piece of Hermione hair behind her ear with affection. "Then relax," she said, offering Hermione a smile as she caressed her cheek. "And just let your destiny come." Hermione flushed. "I- I guess." Luna beamed at her and turned back to the table, helping herself to a sandwich, Hermione eventually doing the same. From nearby, Hermione could hear Tracey engaging Luna in conversation, wanting to know how her eyes rolled up like that and if it hurt, Luna answering in her usual dreamy tone. Hermione bit her lip and focused on her lunch, trying to avoid eye contact with anyone. It was odd. She didn't like being the center of attention in such a way. It was one thing, to have all her friends know when her birthday and have them want to make a big deal out of it. Even as she liked her friends caring about it, it made her shift in a slightly uncomfortable way. She didn't really like it; it made her feel self conscious. But Luna... did she have to repeat her prophecy at the dinner table? Hermione had mentioned that she was prophesied to be New Blood, but it felt weird to her to have other people actually hear the prophecy itself. And as much as she was intending on forming a Great House, it was distinctly unnerving to have her classmates hear that she was prophesied to change the world and 'triumph over them all'. Especially the other Slytherins, who would take distinct note of Luna's words. Hermione sighed, refilling her goblet. Maybe she was catastrophizing. So her friends would get her trinkets for her birthday - so what? She'd given them gifts for their birthdays, too, and it had been fine. And the prophecy... well, she'd told everyone about that already, so that was fine. Everything would be fine, she told herself. Everything would be fine. Though, Hermione wasn't sure she liked the mischievous glint she could see in Blaise's eyes, nor the speculative gleam she could spot in Draco's either.
"Hermione?" Hermione looked up from her books to see Harry, looking anxious. She blinked. "Harry," she greeted. "You're not often in the library on a Sunday." "I'm not. I need to talk to you about something." Harry looked serious, all traces of amusement gone from his face. "Am I to understand that here is not a safe place to discuss such matters…?" Hermione asked delicately. Harry gave her a short nod, and Hermione put her books away in her bag, stashing away her quills. "Lead the way," she said, gesturing, and Harry led them out of the library. To her surprise, instead of taking her to an empty classroom or to the Gryffindor common room, he led her outside, down to Hagrid's pumpkin patch. As they drew near, she could see other figures there as well – one standing patiently, and one trying to balance on a pumpkin without crushing it. "Neville," Hermione said pleasantly, offering him a nod. Her eyes turned to the other, her nose wrinkling at the strong smell of polish he carried. "Ron." "Hermione," Neville said with a smile. "Good to see you here." "Alright, Harry," Ron said. "You've got us all here. Now – what's going on?" Looking around first, Harry haltingly began to tell them what had happened at his detention the previous night – helping Lockhart answer his fan mail for hours, addressing the envelopes and adding the signed photos, before a chilling voice came through. "It said what?" Neville said, gasping. Harry cleared his throat and tried again, pitching his voice to be breathy, cold, and venomous. "Come… Come to me… Let me rip you… Let me tear you… Let me kill you…" He cleared his throat again, looking back to them all. "Like that." "And Lockhart said he couldn't hear it?" Ron said, frowning. "D'you think he was lying?" "He seemed genuinely surprised," Harry said. "I don't get it," Ron said. "Even someone invisible would have had to open the door." Neville looked unsure. "Hearing voices isn't a good thing, Harry. Are you sure you weren't just half asleep?" Harry looked insulted. "Yes, I'm sure!" "Okay, okay!" Neville said, quickly backing down. Harry turned to Hermione, frowning. "What do you think, Hermione?" Hermione was drumming her fingers along her lip, contemplating. "If we accept that there was an external voice that you heard and Lockhart did not, then you must possess some hearing ability that he does not, or he lacks some hearing ability the rest of us have," Hermione mused. "Unless the voice was in your head. I don't know if telepathy is a thing the wizarding world has, but I wouldn't be surprised." "Tele-what?" Ron wanted to know. "You mean, like mind reading?" Harry asked. "More like 'mind-speaking', but essentially yes," Hermione clarified. "It might be possible that someone spoke to you directly, projecting their words into your head." Harry's eyes were wide. "I don't like that," he said. "I don't want people in my head!" Hermione shrugged. "Then we'll have to find a way to keep them out." "I think it's more likely that Lockhart just wasn't paying attention," Ron said, scoffing. "It's not like that git pays much attention to anything beyond himself." It wasn't often that Hermione found herself agreeing with Ron entirely. Sunday night found Hermione sitting in the Slytherin common room quietly, next to the window peering into the depths of the lake, practicing meditation. Meditation seemed very similar to Occlumency techniques, and Hermione was determined that if she could just exist without thinking, in a calm, meditative state, it would help her learn to shield her thoughts. Not that she understood how to exist without thinking. The very idea felt like anathema. But Hermione was willing to try. The drifting bits of seaweed she could see and the shadows of creatures further away helped her mind somewhat, if she focused on just perceiving, not analyzing. She kept feeling like she was half falling asleep, and she didn't know if that meant she was doing it correctly, or if she should be trying to do this earlier in the day. "Hermione?" Her concentration broken, Hermione covered her mouth and yawned widely, before turning to see Draco, holding a folded piece of parchment. "Yes, Draco?" she asked, blinking up at him. Draco sank into a chair next to her. "I got them," he told her. Hermione blinked. "Got what?" she asked. Draco glanced around the room. "You know," he said quietly. "The components." Hermione abruptly felt wide awake. "Already?" she hissed. "I only told you yesterday." "You said we needed everything by Tuesday," Draco shot back. "Or we'd have to wait two weeks." "I was expecting it to take a couple weeks," Hermione said. "To get all that so quickly-" "Well, I got it. Look." Draco thrust the parchment in his hands at her, and Hermione took it, eyes working to make out the fancy handwriting. Draco, I am torn. I would tell you that you are too young to be practicing ritual magic, only that's not true – you successfully did The Fallen Foe the year prior, and students used to learn rituals in classes at your age not all that many centuries ago. Ritual magic is dangerous, son, and I urge you to use caution. That being said, a ritual that can successfully shield your mind, especially from the Headmaster, is worth the minimal risk you would undertake. The bag is charmed with a feather-light spell; once dispelled, it carries eight pounds of powdered silver. I trust that will be sufficient for your needs. The silvered mirror is your mother's. She would be most distressed if it were to break. The seax is your aunt's. I believe the blade is silver, though the handle is carved obsidian. Should you continue this path, the set of her ritual knives also includes an athame and a boline. The fire seeds are in oil. They are very volatile and strong. Do not set your robes aflame. The liquid silver is in the silver cauldron you requested. A strong containment charm has been laid over the opening to protect you from its fumes. Be careful, Draco – liquid silver is not something to toy with lightly. I advise you and your friend to be careful. This does not sound like a dangerous ritual – I suspect the worst outcome you will have if it does not go successfully is a headache – but these components are dangerous. A few are also restricted. I advise you not to be caught with them. They were also expensive components. Do not put them to waste. In return, if this ritual is successful, I would like a copy of it in exchange for providing you with your components. Yours, Lucius Malfoy Hermione looked up from the letter at Draco, who was vibrating slightly next to her. "It seems a reasonable request," Draco said, his voice even, "to give him a copy of the ritual in exchange." He was doing a very good job keeping the note of anxiety out of his voice, Hermione noticed, but she could see it flickering in his eyes. "Is it?" she mused. "To help the man that hurts you?" "It's not like that. And he helped us," Draco argued. "There's no way we would have been able to get all this otherwise." "Still," Hermione said. "I wonder what your father would want to hide…" Draco looked uneasy, and Hermione sighed. "This is fine," she conceded. "If the ritual is successful, I will give you a copy to send to your father. You can add any notes you feel necessary in your letter to him." Immediately, Draco's countenance relaxed, and his confident posture returned to him. "So, Tuesday night?" he questioned. "Where at?" "The top of the Astronomy tower," Hermione said. "After class is over. The moon will be clearest up there, and it's less likely for us to be caught." Draco frowned. "We'll be out after midnight." "There's no later curfew for students in Astronomy," Hermione said, shrugging. "If we say we were working later on our homework, how can a teacher object, when we're supposed to be out late?" Draco looked uneasy, and Hermione sighed. "Where do you want to do it?" she offered. "If you know of another place instead…" Draco's eyes gleamed. "As it so happens, I do." He stood, tucking the letter away in his robes, and offered Hermione a hand. "Come with me?" Hermione remained in her chair a long moment, looking at Draco's hand, before finally taking it, allowing him to tug her to her feet. Doing so put them very close together, and Draco's eyes were wide before he took a step back, looking away from her. His face was flustered. "Let's go." His tone was even, but only just. Hermione wondered if he was that unused to having his personal space invaded. Did he never receive hugs? She imagined a stuck-up family like the Malfoys might not be big on physical affection. It was somewhat tragic to consider, Hermione mused. She couldn't imagine how lonely growing up would have been without her parents' hugs. Draco led her down a corridor of the dungeons, then around a turn, past Snape's office, then around a turn again. They stopped in front of a long stretch of wall. "Here." Draco reached out to touch one of the stones in the wall. The stones glowed slightly, and Draco tapped out a quick pattern on them, and they silently moved aside, revealing a dark tunnel. "Just like at Diagon Alley," Hermione breathed. She looked at Draco. "Why is this here? How did you know of this?" Draco's eyes flashed. "Let's not get into that." Hermione considered. A secret way in and out of the castle, in the depths of the dungeon, that Draco Malfoy, son of Lucius Malfoy, somehow knew about… "Yes," she said finally. "Let's not." Draco smiled faintly. "This leads up to one of the areas behind the castle, at the base," he told her. "It's a good area to remain unseen – it's shielded by shrubs." He paused. "Should we still do the ritual after Astronomy? Or before?" Hermione considered. "Before," she said decisively. "Not only is there less chance of getting into trouble, but we'll also be more awake and have more of our magical strength about us." "Then… I'll meet you here on Tuesday at nine?" Draco asked, hesitant. Hermione rolled her eyes. "You'll approach me in the common room, like you would for anything mundane," she told him. "Just have the ritual components in your bag instead of your school books. Okay?" Draco made a face. "That doesn't feel very appropriate," he said. "Just going up to you like this was any old thing." "We're already casting an untested ritual," Hermione told him, incredulous, "and you're upset that there's not more drama to it all?" Draco's pale skin flushed pink, and Hermione snickered. "Fine," she conceded. "We'll compromise – meet me in the common room, but bring the ritual components how your father packaged them. Everyone who sees us leave together will wonder what we're up to with a pure silver cauldron so late at night." She tilted her head. "Will that satisfy your need to be dramatic?" "I don't have a need to be dramatic!" Draco objected, but his cheeks blushed an even brighter red, and Hermione laughed. "Oh Draco, you do," she said, amused. She reached up and cupped one of his blushing cheeks, the skin hot against her hand. "Everyone in Slytherin knows it. Just acknowledge it and move on." She could hear his breath catch in his throat, and Draco wouldn't meet her eyes. Hermione laughed and backed off, pulling her hand away. He seemed genuinely embarrassed. "It's almost curfew," she told him. "I'll just go back now, and you can come back right before curfew to make a scene." "I do not need to make a scene-!" Hermione laughed as Draco followed her down the corridor, objecting. Hermione rolled her eyes and retorted, and they bickered happily all the way back to the common room. Really, though. If Draco Malfoy wasn't a Drama Queen, the term held no meaning at all.
A/N: There was some timeline misunderstanding. In universe, they've only had one week of classes, it's currently around September 8th, and Hermione's birthday isn't for a couple weeks still. The canon timeline does not line up with real life. The Ritual will be in 102, and Hermione's birthday in 106. Monday seemed to drag by. Hermione mastered her Transfiguration on the first try, and she spent the rest of the class trying to teach Greg and Vince the difference between a wand flick and a wand jab. Not for the first time, she wondered at their dexterity – their hands didn't seem dexterous enough to adequately perform the complex movements needed for Transfiguration. At least they'd have a chance at Defense, if they ever got a half-decent teacher. Dueling spells seemed to need very little in the way of wand movements. They all seemed to be jabs or dramatic swishes, which these two could do just fine. History dragged by, with Professor Binns prattling on about the plague and witch hunts. Hermione ignored him, instead slowly wading her way through The Songe of the Beastes, a guide and glossary to Middle English open next to her. So far, she'd only made it through half the introduction (a whopping two pages), but she was intrigued. The respect and excitement the author held about the natural world was interesting – and unusual to see in the wizarding world, Hermione admitted. Most wizards didn't seem to pay much attention to natural the world beyond what use they could get out of it. It was intriguing to read words from a wizard who loved nature so much. Defense Against the Dark Arts was the last class of the day, shared with the Gryffindors and taught by Lockhart. It was her least favorite class of them all. Ever since the disaster with the pixies, Lockhart had taken to dramatically acting out scenes from his books, often calling on volunteers to help him. He frequently called on Harry, despite Harry's embarrassment and utter desire to just be left alone. Today, Lockhart had moved onto Year with the Yeti, detailing his adventures in the mountains of Tibet. "-what you need to really be careful of there is the snow. It's not like the snow here, oh no! The snow in the mountains is- ah, yes, a question?" Hermione turned to see one of the Gryffindor girls raising her hand. "Professor Lockhart?" the girl said, blushing. She ran her hand along her long black braid. "I was just wondering – I've been to Tibet, and the authorities made sure we stayed well away from the yeti. They said they would attack and eat anything they meet." "Yes, very true," Lockhart said, nodding. "Yeti are dangerous, Dark creatures! Very probably related to trolls, though no one has ever gotten close enough to study one-" "Wait, they're related to trolls?" Hermione found herself interrupting despite herself, curious. Lockhart's eyes turned to her. "How do you know that?" she asked. "I know your book says you spent the year protecting the village from yeti attacks, but how does that help you know they're related to trolls?" "Well, they fear fire," Lockhart told her, with a winning grin. "Very similar to trolls. A skilled witch or wizard equipped with a fire spell can repel a yeti – as I did, when they attacked the village-" "But it fears fire?" Hermione clarified. "It's not hurt by it?" "It's fire, Granger," one of the other Gryffindor girls snapped. She tossed her blonde hair haughtily. "Of course it's hurt by it." "Then why hasn't a yeti ever been studied?" Hermione challenged. "If they're harmed by fire, surely one would have been killed and examined by now, the same as trolls. But they've only ever run away from fire, correct? Despite some presumably catching on fire?" Her eyes met Lockhart's, and he shrugged amicably. "They run," he said. "I've never seen a well-cast fire spell not work at chasing a yeti away, but I'll say I've never seen a yeti on fire, either!" He chuckled to himself, giving them all a roguish wink, and Hermione had to suppress her nausea. "Bet he's never seen a yeti, period," Blaise hissed. Hermione nodded. "But how is it not hurt by fire?" she wanted to know, whispering. "Afraid of fire, sure – but trolls burn when they're on fire. As most things do. How do yeti get hit with fire but not burn?" Blaise shrugged. "Can't take Care of Magical Creatures until next year," he told her. "We'll find out then, I suppose." Hermione was still wondering about it later at dinner, when Luna came over. "It just doesn't make sense," Hermione said, stabbing her dinner with her fork moodily. "How can an animal be immune to fire?" Luna tilted her head, her wide eyes looking at Hermione curiously. "Dragons are immune to fire," she commented. "Yes, but that makes sense," Hermione snapped. "Dragons have fire magic inside of them. They breathe fire. Yetis don't breathe fire." Luna shrugged. "Maybe they do," she said. "Daddy says that yeti are really rare and hard to study. Maybe they only breathe fire in private for their families." A domestic scene of giant, 15 foot tall shaggy white sasquatch played out in Hermione's mind, the tallest yeti in an apron gifting a carefully-cooked pie to its yeti children sitting domestically at the kitchen table, and she snorted. "It's possible, but not probable," she said. "If they could breathe fire, they'd know not to be afraid of it." Luna blinked up at her. "Maybe they don't know it's the same." Hermione sighed, letting the topic drop. It was when she was going to bed that night, as she was practicing levitating her bed, the air elemental inside of her dancing around as she exhausted her power, that the answer slammed into her. The fire magic of a yeti wouldn't manifest as fire, like it did with a dragon. It would manifest as heat. The fire magic would keep the yeti warm. It seemed so obvious in retrospect. Of course they would have fire magic of some sort inside of them. They had to keep warm, high in the mountains of the Himalayas. Nothing else could live as high up as the yeti did – because nothing else could stand against the freezing temperatures that the yeti endured. Hermione let her bed settle back onto the ground, her mind racing. "Dragons have fire magic," she murmured to herself. "I always presumed that they had some sort of magic fire-producing organ in their throats. But if yeti have fire magic too… what does that mean?" Hermione very clearly remembered the night of New Year's Eve, standing with her professor atop a cliff, the feeling of being overpowered by an air elemental until she finally won out, subduing it and making it a part of her. If she could do that with air, maybe the yeti did it with fire, somehow. Or they were born with it inside of them, like dragons were. But if the yeti had a fire elemental inside of them, giving them immunity to fire, allowing them to not be burned… What would happen if Hermione tried with a fire elemental, too?
"I thought you said we needed to do this in powdered silver." "We do," Hermione said quietly. "But it's easier this way to see where we need to put it down." She proceeded to ignore Draco, focusing on drawing out the circles necessary on the brick on the ground with chalk. She'd insisted they sneak into the courtyard so she could write on the stones. It was after dark, and while curfew hadn't technically fallen yet, Hermione strongly suspected if they were found, they'd be made to go back inside. "Here, you can trace over the lines I've already drawn with the silver," she told Draco. "Be careful not to leave any gaps." "Got it." Finally finishing, Hermione stood and stepped back, examining her work. The circle was large – very large, as it had to hold both of them. Inside of the circle were two smaller circles, both adorned with triangles, smaller circles, and lines. An array of runes surrounded the outer circle, marking the border. "Why are there triangles?" Draco asked, tracing the lines. "I thought we were just using a circle." "The triangles direct the flow of energy and stabilize it," Hermione said idly, bending over to fix a rune. "The channels and veins help, but the triangles help give the magic stronger purpose and direction." Draco shot her a look. "Where did you learn that?" Hermione opened her mouth to respond, before pausing. "In a book," she said finally. "I don't remember which one. I've collected a few on ritual magic, now." Draco gave her a suspicious look but turned back to his task, tracing out the lines. Hermione walked around the border of the circle, carefully, making sure there were no gaps. The powdered silver gleamed under the light of the full moon, and Hermione felt shivers of anticipation sweep through her as a cool wind blew. There was something magical about doing magic under an open sky, with your will and your words controlling the world. "The fire seeds go in the semi-circles," Hermione directed Draco. "Put the seax and the mirror in the center. I'll handle the mercury." "All yours," Draco said, giving her the small cauldron. "I don't want to be anywhere near the stuff." Carefully, Hermione began to spill small amounts of the mercury in specific smaller circles inside the larger one, before casting quick air containment charms over each circle. The air containment charm was one of the few spells ever used in Potions class, and Hermione was glad she was proficient with it at this point – mercury vapors could be deadly. "All done," Draco told her. "Now what?" Hermione put the rest of the mercury in the cauldron outside of the large circle, directing him to put down the rest of the powdered silver as well. "Step into your circle," she directed him, lifting her robes. "Careful – you don't want to break the silver. No, that one – that one's yours. " "Does it matter?" Draco groused. "They're the same." Hermione settled herself into her inner circle as Draco sat down in his. She folded her legs, draping her robes carefully around her. Draco mimicked her. "This is how this is going to work," Hermione told him. "Pay attention." Draco sat up and paid attention. "You and I are going to invoke our magic," she told him. "We are going to channel it through the veins of the circle, past the liquid silver, and over the mirror. The goal is for our magic to take on the reflective qualities of the silver and the mirror before it reaches each other." "To reflect a mental attack back at the Legilimens?" Draco questioned, and Hermione beamed. "Exactly." She pointed to the seax, the small silver blade winking in the moonlight. "After we have raised our magic, we will cut our hands and clasp them together, blood to blood. This will give our magic the path it needs into each other to shield the other's mind." She watched him carefully for a reaction, but Draco had no visible reaction at the thought of touching his 'pure' blood to hers, beyond looking faintly nervous. "And then what?" "Then our magic will transfer," Hermione said. "We should be able to feel the other's magic in our head, forming a shield in front of our thoughts. After the ritual is over, we'll only feel it again if someone tries to invade our thoughts – we'll become immediately aware of something foreign in our head." "How does the ritual end?" Draco asked, and Hermione bit her lip. "Err… it doesn't really have a defined ending time," she admitted. Draco's eyes widened, and she hurried to explain. "This ritual is all about transference and balance. Once one of us decides we've transferred enough magic to the other, that person will pull back with their magic, back through the circle to themself, and the other person should follow suit." "What determines 'enough'?" Draco wanted to know, and Hermione shrugged. "Honestly? At this point, just pull back when you feel you're reaching the end of your available magic pool," Hermione told him. She paused. "You… can sense your pool of magic, can't you?" Draco looked insulted, and Hermione relaxed. "Anyway, I'm confident I'll be able to match whatever magical output you have," she told him. "So when you begin to pull back, I'll just match you and withdraw as well." "I thought this was about us establishing ourselves as equals," Draco objected. "It is," Hermione emphasized. "Just because I have more magic available to me than you do doesn't mean I'll use any more than you in the ritual." Draco scowled. "How do you know that you're the stronger one?" Hermione was caught so off-guard she laughed. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she said, trying to stop her amusement and giggles. "It's just – look. Draco. We can get into this later, but for now, just trust me, okay?" Draco looked insulted, and Hermione rolled her eyes, laughing. "Look – if it will comfort you, if you have more power than me, then I'll pull back first," she told him. "Doesn't matter either way, okay? And after that, we'll have had a clean transference, and we can stop holding hands, end the ritual, and try to clean all this up before Astronomy." Draco looked at her, his silver eyes echoing the spilled mercury on the ground. "Okay," he said. "Ready when you are." The air around them shifted with intent, with their purpose, and Hermione sat up straighter. "Okay," she whispered. She closed her eyes. "Here we go." The chant was a mashup of two – parts from a protection ritual, and parts from a transference ritual. Hermione was careful with the words, making sure to get them right, and after a few recitations, she heard Draco join her, his low voice blending with hers. As their voices chanted, Hermione could feel her magic stretching within her, rousing itself and waking up at her call. She could feel part of it stretch out, exploring, going out of her and through the channels of the circle, where it took on a colder, reflective feeling, before stopping in the middle, near Draco, as if it hit a wall. A moment later, there was a feeling of something waiting, trying to reach her, and Hermione's eyes flickered open, meeting Draco's a moment later. "The knife," she whispered, and Draco reached for it, handing it to her. Careful, Hermione took the small dagger, carefully setting the sheath aside. "With this cut, I freely bleed," she murmured, pulling the blade across the palm of her left hand, sharp pain lancing up her hand. "May my magic protect you in time of need." Blood welled up in her hand, and she cupped it to not let it drop as Draco took the dagger. "With this cut, I freely bleed," he repeated, cutting his hand. He breathed in sharply, stiffening. "May my magic protect you in time of need." He carefully set the dagger aside and turned to Hermione. She gave him a small smile, offering him her hand. "Ready?" she whispered. Draco's eyes flashed, and after a moment, he clasped their hands together, firm. Immediately there was a whirl of sensation, and Hermione's mind spun, trying to keep up. Her magic, cool and reflective, was going into Draco's mind. She was vaguely aware of his mind, an entity her magic was painting a shield in front of, though she could not see into his thoughts. Simultaneously, there was a feeling of fire forming a shield in her own mind, tightly-woven cables of reflective fire weaving themselves into armor for her thoughts. The magic in her mind was different, and Hermione could distinctly feel Draco's magic in her mind as she could feel her own in his. His magic continued to pour into her, and Hermione continued to let hers flow out of her. Her magic was about half empty, she could feel, when Draco began to struggle, shaking slightly where he sat. "Draco?" Hermione murmured. It was hard to remember words, with so much magic rushing through her. "Are you okay?" "I'm… fine…" Draco grit his teeth. "Just a little more…" Their magic continued to transfer, building stronger and stronger barriers for the other. Hermione watched her own magic, mildly curious at how it kept regenerating quickly. It never seemed to go down past half gone. Draco clenched her hand abruptly, and Hermione's eyes flew to his. "Draco-?" "I'm fine," he said. "I just-" He broke off abruptly, shuddering violently as his eyes fell shut and he slumped over, his breathing shallow. There was a sudden feeling of an oncoming wave, and immediately, Hermione became aware of what was going on – Draco was pouring all of his energy into the ritual. She'd thought he'd pull back when he had only a little left, but instead, he was pushing it all at her, every bit of available magic power he had. He was leaving none for himself. Hermione's eyes went wide, panic and fear seizing her heart. But it was mid-ritual. Hermione could do nothing. She couldn't stop him, couldn't yell at him for his stupid male ego, couldn't admonish him for putting himself in danger trying to prove a point that he was stronger. She had to finish it safely, or they'd both be at risk. She couldn't help. All she could do was balance his energy to finish the ritual. And so she pushed a matching wave of her own energy at him.
"Hermione!" Hermione turned in the hallway, stiffening as Blaise came storming up to her. "Blaise, hi– aah!" Blaise grabbed her arm and tugged her down the hall into an empty classroom, shoving the door shut behind them. He advanced on her, looking furious, and Hermione instinctively stepped back, running into a desk. She squirmed up and onto it, just to get away another few inches from Blaise's fury. She could feel her chest tighten in apprehension, making it harder to breathe. She'd never seen Blaise angry like this before. Ever. "What," he said, his voice dangerous, "did you do?" Hermione nibbled her lip, weighing her words. "I'm not quite sure I know what you're talking about," she said carefully. "I've done many things recently." Blaise's eyes sharpened. "Draco Malfoy is unconscious in the Hospital Wing due to magical exhaustion," he said, his voice like a whip. "Everyone saw you leave the common room together last night. And Susan Bones saw you come running up the stairs with him last night, unconscious in your arms." Well, of course she'd gone running to the Hospital Wing – Hermione hadn't known what had happened to Draco, only that his hand had dropped hers as he fell forward, his eyes rolling back in his head, the ritual done. She'd been worried he'd somehow started using his life force as well as his magic, and she'd been terrified he could be dying right in front of her. "That's ridiculous," Hermione shot back. "I could never carry Draco – I'm not strong enough. I partially-levitated him there, sure – but I certainly wasn't cradling him in my arms." Blaise rolled his eyes. "That's what you choose to focus on?" he demanded. "That?" Hermione paused. "Err–" "Madame Pomfrey is in a fuss, demanding to know what Draco was doing that drained his magic so completely," Blaise told her. "Snape is deflecting, saying Draco just pushed himself too far with his studies, which we all know is complete crap. And Draco, unconscious, has a cut on his hand…" Blaise snatched her left wrist, too quick for Hermione to get away. "…one that somehow matches yours." Hermione could feel his eyes searing on the scar on her palm. She'd been so frantic she hadn't had time to heal it properly. Hermione bit her lip. "And…?" Blaise's eyes were dark, though he seemed less angry, now. "Some of us in Slytherin know you were messing around with Ritual Magic," he told her. "Malfoy was showing off his seax to us yesterday, as well as the powdered silver he got. And now, he's mysteriously in the Hospital Wing, nearly all of his magic gone." "It'll regenerate," Hermione said uncertainly. "It just… it might take a while." Blaise's eyes met hers, his gaze like fire. "You did Ritual Magic," he said. "With Draco Malfoy." Hermione bit her lip. "Yes," she admitted. "I did." Blaise let out a roar. "I can't believe this!" He clenched his fists over his eyes, storming around the room. Hermione drew back, almost afraid, as he stomped around, angry. She'd never seen Blaise like this. "I can't believe you did Ritual Magic with Malfoy!" he exclaimed. "I can't believe you would–" "It was supposed to be safe," Hermione objected. "If Draco hadn't been trying to–" "–do such a thing without me!" Hermione paused. "Wait," she said. "What?" "Did you think I was joking when I said I wanted to join your coven?" Blaise demanded, furious. "When we talked about it in Flourish and Blotts?" Hermione's mind was scrambling to catch up, and she daren't admit that she had thought he was joking with his remarks. "Well, I wasn't," Blaise said. He glared at her. "Next time you do Ritual Magic, I want in." Hermione blinked at him slowly. "Let me get this straight," she said. "You're not mad that Draco nearly drained his magic and is unconscious in the Hospital Wing…" Blaise snorted. "Why would I care about that?" "…but you're upset that I did Ritual Magic with him, and not you." For the first time, Blaise's anger faltered. "It sounds different, when you put it like that," he said, frustrated. "This isn't about me being jealous. This is about me telling you I wanted in your coven, and you doing Ritual Magic with Draco Malfoy anyway instead of with me. When I'm supposed to be one of your best friends!" "It is about you being jealous," Hermione said, standing up and straightening her robes. "But that's okay." She took a step towards Blaise, whose eyes widened. "Hermione, what-?" "You are one of my best friends," Hermione told him, laying her hand on his chest and looking up at him. She gave him a fond smile, almost affectionate. "You are, Blaise. Draco is not." Blaise searched her eyes for any trace of falsehood. Hermione kept her expression open, inviting him to read. "The ritual with Draco was a favor to him," she told Blaise. "His father had forbidden him from talking to me because I'm not viewed as his equal. It wasn't until we did The Fallen Foe that he could, because magic had judged me to be his equal." Comprehension was filtering into Blaise's eyes, his expression changing, and Hermione continued. "I didn't want my year to be filled up with more 'downfall to Weasley' nonsense, not after I realized how that ritual was controlling and guiding us," she said. "But if Draco and I broke the seam and dissolved the grudge, he wouldn't be allowed to talk to me again. We had to do another ritual as equals that would linger, so he could talk to me as per usual." Blaise looked suspicious. "He couldn't just go against what his father said?" "That's what I said." Hermione sighed. "But his father… Lucius Malfoy believes in cruel methods of rule enforcement. And I couldn't ask Draco to suffer for me." Blaise looked mad for a moment, then sighed. "And now?" he asked. "Now, Draco is in the Hospital Wing for being a fool," Hermione said, rolling her eyes. "I told him to pull back his magic when he was running low, and that I'd match him. Instead, he was determined to prove himself the stronger of the two of us – with literally everything he could." "He thought he was magically stronger than you?" Blaise began to laugh, his chuckles rumbling under Hermione's hand on his chest. "He seriously thought he could beat you?" "I don't know why," Hermione groused, shifting to take a step back. "I was only about halfway empty when his magic gave out." Blaise laughed again, before moving and catching Hermione's hand as she pulled it away. "Hermione." Hermione stopped, her breath in her throat, as Blaise's molten gaze locked onto hers. "I want in, the next time you're doing Ritual Magic," he told her, his voice low. He turned her hand over in his, holding it. "Regardless of what you're doing. I want to be part of your standing coven, those who cast Ritual Magic with you." Hermione watched as he rubbed his thumb along the back of her hand, before her eyes flickered up to him. "I did have an idea…" she admitted. "It'll take some research and more investigation, but in a month or so, maybe," she offered, "I should have something we can try…?" It was incredible, Hermione realized, the way his brilliant smile took her breath away – just the way his mother's had that day in Carkitt Market. Her heart skipped a beat. Had Blaise ever smiled at her like this before? "Then," Blaise murmured, lifting her hand to his lips and pressing them to the back of it, his eyes glittering, "I will be very much looking forward to it, Hermione."
Draco missed classes for the rest of the week. He woke up Wednesday afternoon, but Madam Pomfrey refused to let him out of the Hospital Wing. "You drained your magic nearly entirely!" she shrieked. "You're not about to go to classes and drain it all again in your condition!" It made Hermione wonder. Was draining one's magic entirely so rare? After all, she did it purposefully every night. She remembered being exhausted after doing it early on and falling asleep immediately afterward, and she recalled that she had collapsed one time after trying to levitate herself out of the forbidden third-floor corridor. But she'd always seemed fully recovered by the next morning. Why was Draco taking so long to get his magic back? The rumor mill was furious with whispers of what Draco had done to drain himself so entirely, none of them anywhere close to accurate. The funniest was Draco had exhausted himself trying to curse Lockhart's hair; the strangest was he had poured all his magic into an attempt at becoming an Animagus but instead had nearly turned himself to stone. The Slytherins listened and snorted at such gossip, but Hermione knew that rumors were flying within the snakes' common room in whispers and glances as well. Many people knew she had left with Draco that evening, and several people knew she was the only one to return. "Half the house thinks you attacked Draco, trying to steal his magic," Tracey informed her one day. "The other half thinks you and Draco got into a duel and Draco exhausted himself trying to beat you." Hermione snorted. "The second's more accurate," she said, folding her arms. "This whole thing wouldn't have happened if Draco hadn't let his stupid ego get ahead of him." Tracey snickered. "I figured as much," she said. "Draco's far too cheerful up in the Hospital Wing to have been attacked by you. He'd at least have an ass' ears or something when you got done with him." Hermione couldn't help but laugh. The rumor mill started flying once again on Saturday – someone had allegedly caught a glimpse of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy entering the school, which made Hermione's blood run cold. "I swear!" Daphne insisted. "I'd recognize their hair anywhere!" Hermione shifted uneasily. Blaise cast a sideways glance at her. "Somewhere you need to be, Hermione?" he asked, and Hermione bit her lip. "Yeah," she admitted. "Probably." By the time she made it up to the Hospital Wing, clutching a bag in her hand, she could hear Draco's voice echoing. "-did not!" "Draco-" "Pardon me," Hermione said loudly, entering the Hospital Wing and closing the door behind her. "I do hope I'm not interrupting anything," she added, knowing full well she was interrupting something. The Malfoys' eyes all fell on her, and Hermione took her time looking them over. Draco looked exasperated but incredibly relieved to see her, and it was good to see him sitting up in the bed. Narcissa Malfoy looked like something was paining her, her delicate features scrunched ever so slightly. Her blonde hair matched that of her husband, whose eyes had narrowed on Hermione. "That door was locked," he said. "Oh?" Hermione said, shrugging. "Was it? I hadn't noticed." Lucius' eyes remained sharp on Hermione as she moved to Draco's other side, pulling a seat up to the bed. But what could she do? She hadn't noticed a door locked. Either he'd forgotten to lock the door, or she'd subconsciously cast Alohomora wandlessly and wordlessly to make her way inside. She suspected he'd just forgotten to lock it. "Mother, may I present Miss Hermione Granger, first of her House?" Draco said, nodding to his mother. "Hermione, may I present my mother, Narcissa Malfoy?" "A pleasure to meet you," Hermione said, inclining her head. Narcissa's lip curled. "Indeed." Hermione ignored the slight. "Draco here was just telling us about your little adventure," Lucius said. "And about how he nearly lost his magic." Draco groaned. "Father, I did not. I just used too much. It was an error in judgement. I'm fine." "That's not what Madame Pomfrey said," Lucius growled. "If I might?" Hermione interjected. Lucius' and Narcissa's eyes turned to her, and with a shrug from Draco, she took over. "Draco exhausted his magical reserves during the ritual," she told them. "It's not unusual to lose consciousness after exhausting your reserves, especially if your adrenaline is high, which it was. This is in strong contrast to burning out his magical core, which Draco never even came close to." "Burn out his core?" Narcissa repeated, her eyes wide, and Hermione nodded. "The core of his magic is what replenishes it," Hermione explained, "and it wasn't touched or involved in the ritual at all. Draco will be fine – all he needs is some time to recover all the magic he spent." Lucius' eyes were sharp, and they flicked from Hermione to Draco. "Ritual, you say," he murmured, and Draco winced. "Yes," he said weakly, and Lucius' eyes darted back to hers. "You are the person with whom Draco performed experimental ritual magic?" His tone indicated he found this highly unlikely, and Hermione straightened and tossed her head back. "The one whom he successfully performed ritual magic with," she said, haughty. "Go ahead and test him if you like – you'll see the effects of what we did." Lucius looked thoughtful for a moment, his eyes calculating and considering. "I am no Legilimens," he said, withdrawing his wand and elegantly toying with it in his hand. "But I do at least know the basics." Draco's eyes widened. "No, dad-" "Legilimens," Lucius hissed. Immediately, Hermione was back in Draco's head suddenly, feeling like she was trapped in an Arctic cavern, and she could feel her body shiver. She was aware of the feeling of someone banging dully on the wall of ice she had put up in front of Draco's mind. The wall was solid and smooth, though, and the harsh knocking didn't make so much as even make a crack, though it hurt – it was apparent that Lucius was not a skilled Legilimens in any way. It was almost as if she could vaguely make out Lucius, even – a blurry, blond figure on the other side of the ice, banging to get in. As Lucius withdrew, Hermione felt herself settle back into herself, shaken and her head throbbing. She hadn't realized she and Draco would be aware if the other was being attacked with Legilimency – she'd thought it would just allow her to be aware if it happened to herself. "Impressive," Lucius murmured, looking her over carefully. "And you say you designed this ritual?" Hermione put her chin up, steadying her nerves. "I did." Lucius' lip curled into a smirk. "How very interesting," he said. "I wonder just what secrets you have to hide." Hermione's mind flew to Quirrell and his chest of books, and she willed herself not to pale. "I'm sure we all have secrets we'd like to keep," she said instead, trying to keep her voice calm. "Some of us more than others." Lucius' eyes flashed, but he didn't seem angry. "Then, Draco, if you are truly in good health," he said, "we will take our leave." "I'll be fine," Draco said, huffing. "You didn't need to come." "When my only son is hospitalized, I am going to come," his mother informed him sharply, before her eyes softened. "Goodbye, my love." She pressed a kiss to his forehead, and Draco flushed in embarrassment. "Mum!" "Oh, Mr. Malfoy," Hermione said. "Here. This is for you." Lucius turned, and she held out the bag of leftover ritual components to him. "There's some powdered silver left, but not much," she told him. "The full ritual instructions and explanation are written down in there, too." She paused. "Though I might ask you to please not share it around." "...Indeed." Lucius' eyes held hers. "I understand entirely." Hermione did not know what Lucius thought he understood, and she puzzled over it as Lucius swirled his robes, bid his son goodbye, and turned to go. His eyes paused on her as he lingered in the doorway, giving her an ominous smirk before disappearing once more. Narcissa followed after, sweeping gracefully out the door. After the door closed behind them, Draco collapsed back onto the bed. "My Mum is just so worried," he complained. "She doesn't get that I'm not some idiot kid fooling around anymore." "You're her only child," Hermione said neutrally. "I imagine part of her job as a mother is to worry if you're okay." Draco made a face. "Whatever," he dismissed. He looked sideways at her. "This is new," he said slyly. "You haven't come to visit me at all before now." "If I'd come before now, I'd have yelled at you," Hermione said dryly. "It took a while to calm down from being angry at you for being an arrogant idiot and risking both of our necks in the ritual, you prat." To his credit, Draco flushed in embarrassment, ducking his head and looking away. Hermione was glad; he should feel embarrassed over what he'd done. "So why did you come, anyway?" he muttered. "Because there were rumors your parents were here," Hermione said promptly. "And with half the house saying I attacked you to try and steal your magic, I wanted to make sure they knew what actually happened so when they left here, I would still be alive." Draco's head popped back up, eyes wide. "Tried to steal my magic-?" Draco looked horrified. Hermione nodded. "According to rumor." "Who is saying this?" he demanded. Draco looked angry. "I'll set them straight." "Just… people," Hermione said, waving a hand carelessly. "The more vehement pureblood supremacists, mostly. They'd rather believe I tried to steal your magic than that I managed to overpower you." Draco frowned. "I- I guess that makes sense, but still," he objected. "That's not even realistic. You can't steal someone's magic, after all." He continued to grouse about stupid people believing stupid things as he started eating his breakfast of yogurt and fruit, but Hermione tuned him out. Dementors could steal your soul. Dark rituals could steal a baby right out from your womb. Stealing someone's magic didn't seem too far out of the realm of possibility, if you stopped to think about it. Hermione shivered. If someone tried to steal her magic, if that someday happened… How would she even begin to try to defend against that?
Draco resumed his classes the next Monday, perfectly fine and as snobbish as ever, and the rumor mill finally began to die down. The Slytherins stopped giving her suspicious looks as well after Draco loudly addressed her in front of everyone in the middle of the common room, treating her like an equal to make a statement to them all. Hermione appreciated the gesture, though she wished it wasn't needed all the same. Harry, Neville, and Ron meanwhile despaired of Draco's return to classes, which they informed her of in the library that night. "I mean, if he was going to get sick, couldn't he have gotten really sick?" Ron whined. "Keep him out of our hair for a solid month or two?" "Or during Quidditch," Harry added. "I don't know how we're going to beat Slytherin on those Nimbus 2001s." Hermione shrugged. "Try harder? Practice more? Play better? Fly faster?" "They've just got the faster brooms," Harry sighed. "We can't make ours go any faster, no matter our skill." Hermione's eyes sparkled. "You could just lose," she suggested. "Never." Harry shot her a look, but he was grinning. "Slimy Slytherin," he teased. "Goody-goody Gryffindor," Hermione shot back, smirking. Ron watched on in confusion. "I thought we weren't allowed to call her that anymore?" he said, frowning. "You're not allowed to call her that," Neville corrected. "You're not allowed to be rude or mean to her anymore, remember?" He turned to give Hermione a tentative smile. "But from me or Harry, Hermione knows it's teasing. It's almost affectionate." Ron grumbled something and settled back down, but Hermione's eyes widened. Had Harry and Neville actually sat Ron down and had a talk with him? Ron had been more polite to her than usual, and his sniping about Slytherins had dramatically cut down in her presence. Had Harry and Neville actually confronted Ron on her behalf…? "I don't understand how we're supposed to get two feet on lacewing flies," Neville said, sighing and running a hand through his hair as he stared at his essay. "I'm hopeless at Potions." "You and me both," Ron grumbled. "They're flies. Their wings are like lace. You chuck them in a cauldron. What else do you need to know?" "How they're prepared and the subtypes, probably," Hermione said, scanning a book for her own essay. "They can be stewed, they can be shredded and boiled, there are different patterns of lace on their wings…" "Different lace patterns?" Neville's eyes grew huge. "Oh, no! Does that matter?" "I have no idea," Hermione admitted. "But it might." Harry frowned. "I think Hermione's right. Unless Snape wants us to go into the life cycle of a fly like this is Biology class or something, it's probably got to be the preparation methods and types of flies, right? He did say we'd be using delicate lacewing flies on Friday…" "Oi, what's Biology?" Ron wanted to know. They finished up their essays, quietly all working together in the back of the library to avoid Madam Pince's unforgiving eye. Hermione glanced up at Ron at one point, who was scribbling furiously, scowling at his scroll. Harry looked up, met her eye, and offered her a smile, one which Hermione returned before they both looked back to their parchments. Had Harry and Neville admonished Ron on her behalf…? The thought warmed her heart. "It's here!" Daphne was bouncing where she stood, anxiously playing with her hands. "It's here, it's here, it's here!" "Yes, it's here, it's here," Hermione said, rolling her eyes and pulling free the letter attached to the large package. Dear Hermione, I forwarded Mrs. Dursley's order to her as requested. The rest of it is all here. Vinegar helped dissolve the labels, but again – if you can find a way to magic them off, or a magic device that I could use to get them off, I could get all this to you much quicker. The Gringotts goblins are beginning to recognize me. This is the fourth time I've been in there to change money from gold coins to pounds for you. I think they can tell I'm non-magical, despite the robes. No one else in Diagon Alley seems to notice. The goblins are polite(ish?), at any rate, though I really wish they wouldn't show quite so many pointy teeth when they smile! It makes me want to offer them free cleanings, and I suspect they would probably take offense. Do keep us appraised of what's going on with you at school. Your letters are always a joy to read, and your father and I look forward to each one. Much love, Mum Hermione smiled and tucked the letter away, finally turning to the large box. It'd taken four owls to bring. "Tracey…" Hermione said, handing Tracey her pack. "Millie… Pansy…" Tracey and Millie were obviously excited, and even Pansy took her things gracefully, with a simple 'thank you' and a nod of her head. "These are for Jade… and finally… Daphne." Hermione pushed the box at Daphne, still a good two-thirds full. Daphne took it and nearly staggered under the weight, but she managed to get it over to her bed. She excitedly began going through it, sorting out her own things from those her mother had ordered, Pansy murmuring and helping. "Hermione?" Hermione turned to Millie, who was playing with a concealer in her hand. "Yes?" "Can we… if there's someone we know really well, is it okay if we tell them what's going on here?" she asked. "I've known Susan Bones since I was five – she's in our year, in Hufflepuff – and she asked how I've been hiding my spots. Hannah and Eloise have been asking too…" Hermione considered. "Hufflepuffs are known for their loyalty, yes?" she said aloud. "Hard work, dedication, patience, loyalty, and fair play," Tracey recited. She caught Pansy's sharp look and flushed. "What?" she said defensively. "I read up on all the housees before I was sorted." Pansy scoffed but said nothing, turning back to continue sorting with Daphne. "If they promise not to tell…" Hermione said, trailing off. "I'm sure they wouldn't!" Millie encouraged Hermione. "They're lovely girls, really." "…then I guess it'd be alright," Hermione said, with a sigh. "But they have to come here to look at it and order things. I'll not have my sheets going around the school. That's just begging to be caught out." "Hufflepuffs in the Slytherin common rooms?" Pansy wrinkled her nose. "Really?" "No worse than a part troll," Tracey said snidely, and Pansy flushed a mottled red. "Now, now, let's be nice to Pansy," Hermione admonished lightly. "After all, one can't help their heritage or what blood they're born with. And Pansy's certainly proving herself to be a somewhat capable witch." Tracey rolled her eyes. "I suppose." Hermione caught Pansy shooting her a look, and Hermione raised an eyebrow lazily, challenging. Pansy continued to look suspicious of her but eventually went back to helping Daphne sort out what all her mother had bought versus what all Daphne had purchased. Hermione smiled to herself, watching. Pansy hadn't objected that she wasn't part troll. Hermione wondered if Pansy actually believed it. It didn't hurt anyone or anything, if she did, after all. And it might help her get over this ridiculous blood prejudice thing sooner, too.
Saturdays were generally a lovely, lazy day in Hogwarts. Hermione enjoyed the relaxed pace and longer meal hours. She usually took breakfast then went to the library until noon, before going outside or to her common room to study and work until dinner. This Saturday was going much the same, with Hermione munching on toast as she scanned the Daily Prophet headlines, when Luna came up to Hermione, looking grave. "Hermione," she said, her voice serious. "There's something you'd better see." Hermione felt her adrenaline spike with alarm. "What is it?" she asked, grabbing an apple to take with her. "What's going on?" "It's the Houses," Luna said, hurrying and leading the way down a hall. "There were a bunch of Slytherins and Ravenclaws, but then Gryffindors started coming, and now it's all just a big mess." "Wait, what? Where?" Hermione asked. "Is everyone okay?" "We'll have to find out," Luna said grimly. Subtly, Hermione palmed her wand. Luna stopped by a door, and Hermione could hear yelling and a ruckus from outside. "I'll go in first," Hermione told Luna in a low voice. "You cover me. Or stay here and guard the door." Luna nodded silently from next to her. Hermione took a deep breath, mentally counted to three, and burst inside. Immediately, loud yelling and sound assaulted her, and Hermione stopped and stared. "-an idiot! She is not going to like having green and silver banners everywhere-" Harry was yelling. "You're the moron! Green is her favorite color, you stupid slimy-" That sounded like Draco. "Where is the cake? She'll be here any minute!" Was that Tracey? "What are Weasleys doing here? I didn't realize we needed servants-" Theo was here too, now? Hermione stared at them all, her friends and classmates running around an empty classroom attempting to decorate it with streamers. She turned sharply to Luna, who gave her an ambiguous smile. "Told you it was something you'd want to see," she said, eyes sparkling. Hermione rolled her eyes, but a small smile eked through. She waved her wand, and with a loud BANG and explosion of sparks, everyone froze and fell silent, their eyes flying to Hermione. "Hi," Hermione said, taking a step forward. "Someone mind telling me what all this is about?" Her smile was dangerous. The others exchanged glances, some of them flinching backwards. "It's your birthday, isn't it?" Hermione's eyes flickered up to Blaise, who was sitting on a desk in the back of the room, lazily. His eyes glinted with challenge. "And you said we couldn't throw you a party in the common room, so…" Hermione realized she'd been trapped. "So you threw one here, in an abandoned classroom instead," she summarized. She glanced around. "And invited everyone?" "Zabini invited me," Harry said, stepping forward. He shot a suspicious look at Draco. "He said it was for your friends, so of course me and Neville and Ron had to come-" "You brought nearly all the Weasleys," Pansy complained, emerging from behind a large ribbon bow. "Why are the twins and the Weaselette here?" Hermione thought it was ironic that Pansy of all people criticizing why someone was present. If anyone wasn't her friend, it was Pansy. "I brought Ginny," Luna said. "I like her. She's nice." Hermione looked over to the twins. Fred and George were grinning. "When we heard about your party-" Fred began. "-from our loudmouth brother, wondering what to get you as a gift-" George added. "-we decided it would be an excellent opportunity to show you what all we could do and our creativity-" "-and hopefully help lure you over to the side of mischief!" Their eyes sparkled, and Hermione smiled despite herself. "Okay," she said. "So… who's throwing this party? What do you want me to do?" Tracey froze. "Err…" she said. "I think that'd be me. But everything's not even ready – we haven't gotten the streamers up yet-" "That's because Malfoy thinks your favorite colors are Slytherin house colors," Neville said. "Which they are!" Draco objected. "She wears green and silver all the time!" "It's violet, actually," Hermione commented. She flicked her wand, and the banners turned from green and silver into a deep purple. "There. What else?" "Umm… the House Elves are supposed to have a cake ready for you…" "It's just after breakfast," Millie pointed out. "No one will want cake for a while, anyway." "And after that, it's just…" Tracey looked uncertain. "What?" Hermione prompted. Tracey flushed. "Well," she said, ears red. "We were all supposed to yell 'surprise'." Hermione's birthday party was one of the weirdest things she'd ever experienced. First, all her friends were there, and even some of her acquaintances. This meant not only her Slytherin classmates were all present, but so were Harry, Ron, and Neville, as well as the twins and Ginny. Anthony Goldstein and Terry Boot had shown up too, as had Michael Corner and Mandy. Ernie MacMillan and Justin Finch-Fletchney were present as well, though Hermione had no idea why they had come. Ernie was spending most of his time talking to the little Colin photographer kid who had tagged along with Harry, so at least they were out of the way. Despite all being there for a common purpose, everyone kept fighting. First, it was accusations of cheating during Pin the Tail on the Centaur. Then, it was more accusations of cheating during Two Truths and a Lie. The first was fair – Hermione was fairly sure Theo had been peeking under the blindfold – but Draco's accusation that the Weasley Twins had spiked his drink with Veritaserum was a bit much. When Tracey announced the next game as a tribute to her Muggle heritage, bringing out an empty bottle to spin, Hermione quickly put a stop to things. "Let's all take a break and have some cake, yes?" she said. "Yes, let's," Blaise said, collapsing on the ground next to her. "We can do presents, too." "Ooh, yes!" Tracey clapped her hands. "I can't believe I forgot about the gifts!" Everyone settled into an uneasy circle on the ground, Gryffindors on one side of the room, Slytherins on the other, and Ravenclaws between them. Harry sat on Hermione's right, while Blaise sat on her left, smirking. "This is some party," Blaise commented, glancing around with a grin. "I've never seen the houses behave so well around each other." "They've all been arguing constantly since before I got here!" Hermione protested. Blaise's eyes glinted. "Still. No one's died yet." The cake turned out to be an enormous chocolate monstrosity, and to Hermione's guilty pleasure, it was really good. She shuddered to think what her parents would think, her devouring so much refined sugar in so short a time, but it was too good to not eat up. As Tracey passed out pieces of cake, her classmates started offering her gifts, and as wizarding tradition dictated, Hermione had to open them in front of everybody so everyone could see what she had been offered. Most of them were just nice things, which suited Hermione fine. Theo had gotten her a book on Australian potion-making, which was interesting and fun. Millie had given her a luxury eagle-feather quill, and Tracey had gifted her a black velvet skirt she'd made from old robes of her mother's that had been torn. Daphne and Pansy each gave her new inks, Harry and Neville both gave her sugar quills (while Ron gave her a single chocolate frog), and most of her Ravenclaw friends gave her books. As the gift giving continued, however, Hermione became aware of a growing tension in the room. She glanced around, puzzled. Draco and Anthony were giving each other dark looks, with Blaise looking annoyed at them both. Neither had yet given her a gift – were both of them trying to wait the other one out so theirs would be last? The Weasley twins were looking highly amused by the whole thing, and Colin kept taking pictures with his stupid camera. "Is that all?" Luna asked in her lilting, musical voice. "Oh, okay. Well, then, I'll-" "It's not," Draco cut in quickly. "I still- I still have mine to give." Draco moved forward to push a smallish box in front of her, which Hermione examined curiously. She shook it lightly, hearing something rattle about inside, before she opened it. Inside lay what looked like an elaborate glass and silver top, a mirror, and a strange chain with a pendant that looked like a spoon. Hermione carefully picked up the top, looking it over in her hands. "This is beautiful," she said finally. "Thank you, Draco." Draco relaxed somewhat, pride making him straighten his back. "They're Dark Detectors," he told her. "That's a Sneakoscope – a high quality one. That's a Foe Glass, and the other is a Secrecy Sensor." "In Slytherin?" Blaise snorted. "It'll never stop pinging for her." Draco flushed. "It's still good to have," he snapped. "These will help keep Hermione safe." There was a murmur at that. Offering gifts that provided safety had very specific implications in pureblood culture, and Hermione was aware of these. "This is very thoughtful, Draco," Hermione said, carefully putting it all back into the box and handing it to Luna, who had somehow become the Gift Logistics go-to. She gave Draco a small smile. "Thank you." Draco grinned back, then shot a nasty smirk over at Anthony, who was standing and dusting himself off. "I still have a gift for you as well," he said. He withdrew a large box and handed it to her with a flourish, but he didn't move to sit back down. "Careful." Luna's warning was a breath against her ear. "Careful, here…" Delicately easing her fingers into the seams, Hermione opened the box and gasped. A set of beautiful, opalescent robes were inside, their color shimmering and shifting with the light. Hermione pulled them out, and there was a murmur from the others in the room. Anthony looked smug at her reaction, shooting Draco a triumphant look, who sat and glowered. "Anthony, this is beautiful," she said, her voice still stunned. "You shouldn't have. Thank you." Clothing was a pre-courting gift, she knew. It was okay to give to someone, but it indicated a certain intent. And him giving her these gorgeous robes in front of everyone else was certainly making a statement. "There's more," Anthony said. "Look." Peering down, Hermione rummaged in the box, pulling out the one thing that remained. As she did, there was a gasp and a hush. "What's going on?" Ron wanted to know, and Hermione saw Neville elbow him sharply. "That's a ring," he hissed. "That's jewelry, Ron. Surely you know what that means?" From Ron's face, it was apparent that no, he did not. Harry looked puzzled as well. "It's called a Mood Ring," Anthony said. "My mother got it from a Muggle store. It's supposed to be able to tell your mood depending on the color the stone turns." "How very lovely," Hermione managed. Her mouth was dry. "I didn't know your mother frequented Muggle shops." "My family's progressive like that." Anthony winked. "Not like some others." Hermione sat stock-still, looking at the ring in her hand. Jewelry of any kind was a courting gift – not just a declaration of desire, but a formal statement of intent. She'd read about courtship in the wizarding world beginning young, but Hermione's mind roiled against the notion. She had just turned thirteen! "And," Anthony added, his voice smug, "my mother bought it in the toy section." There was a murmur, and immediately Hermione knew what Anthony was about. By claiming it was a toy, and not a formal statement, despite giving it to her in front of everyone… "You can't do that!" Draco objected hotly, and Hermione's eyes darted to him. Draco looked furious. "That's a ring, no matter which way you try to sell it!" "It's a Muggle toy," Anthony argued. "It's to see what mood you're in." "Oh, so you wouldn't care if Hermione passed it around to see everyone's mood with?" Draco challenged. Anthony hesitated for only a second. "Of course not. It's Hermione's, to do with what she wishes." Draco and Anthony were glaring daggers at each other, while the Slytherin girls were staring at her, eyes wide, waiting to see what she would do. Outright rejecting the gift would be rude. It would also reject Anthony's attentions and undeclared-but-declared statement of intent, and Hermione wasn't entirely sure she wanted to do that – he was smart, he was attractive, and she might like him, once she matured enough to like people in that way. However, Hermione knew she didn't want to accept the ring either, and, as such, accept his overture of courtship. She was too young for this sort of thing! She restrained herself from biting her lip, thinking desperately. "You say it can detect your mood?" Hermione inquired lightly. Anthony turned back to her, his lips quirking. "Yeah," he said. "No idea how. Muggle magic?" Hermione examined the ring again, toying with it in her fingers, never slipping it on. "How interesting," she commented. With a murmured word and a quick twist, the stone popped free of the steel ring it was glued on to. She held it up, discarding the metal band, and held the stone in her palm. The girls around her exchanged glances and murmurs. "It's turning blue," she commented. Her eyes met Anthony's. "What mood does that mean?" "Relaxed or calm," Luna answered from behind her. She held up a piece of paper. "There was a chart in the box." "That's fairly accurate," Hermione said, smiling. "After all, I'm having such a lovely party with all of my friends." She turned, passing the stone to Harry. "What color does it turn for you?" she inquired. Harry blinked, then looked down at the stone in his hand. "Uh, black," he said. "What's that mean?" "Stressed," Luna answered promptly. "I want to see!" Ron said. "Pass the paper this way, Lovegood!" Slowly, it became a game, passing the muggle stone around and checking the person's mood against the color it turned. "Neville! It says you feel passion!" Ron whooped. "Are you in love with someone in this room?" Neville flushed a deep red and glared at Ron. "It's a stupid Muggle game, Ron," he snapped. "Who knows why it says what it does?" "It did say I was angry," Ginny offered quietly. "And I'm not. I don't think it's right all the time." Ron ignored her. "Here, you try it, George." As the stone was passed around, Anthony's eyes met Hermione's once more. "Thank you very much for the robes," she thanked him quietly. "They're beautiful." "Their beauty will pale next to you in them," Anthony replied. His grin was charming, and Hermione felt her cheeks flush. "And your other gift…?" Hermione steadied her breath. "It was a lovely idea, to bring a Muggle toy to my party for us all to play with," she said, her word choice deliberate. "The stone is very pretty." In front of her, she could see Anthony deflate slightly with a sigh. It was not an outright rejection, but it was not accepting his declaration, either. She'd called it a toy, clearly using the out he'd given her, and had not once referred to it as a ring. Still, though, she was keeping it. Which meant something, probably. "I am glad you like it," Anthony said finally. He offered her a small smile, a peace offering. "Perhaps one day you might use the stone in a clasp for your cloak." Hermione inclined her head with a smile. "Perhaps I might." Finally, Anthony returned to his seat, and Hermione exhaled, relaxing and allowing her muscles to untense. Draco still looked mutinous, but he'd settled down to just muttering to himself and shooting dark looks across the way at Anthony. "You handled that well," Luna murmured from her side. "There was a chance of bloodshed." Hermione found herself wishing Luna had told her that before she'd guessed at what to do. "Just ours left, then!" Fred piped up cheerily. "Though, you won't see it until lunch time," George added. "Which, if my clock is correct," Fred said, tapping his watch. "Is in just under half an hour," George finished. He winked at her. "We hope you enjoy it!" That pronouncement prompted a flurry of discussion of what the Weasley twins had done as a gift to her. It was undoubtedly some sort of prank – but opinion on whether it was on her or on one of her enemies remained divided. Hermione wondered who they were classifying as her enemies. She didn't know who all resented her herself, nor how many enemies she actually had. Draco was watching her, as was Blaise, as she put the resplendent robes away and tucked the box behind her out of sight. Around her, Tracey clapped her hands. "It's time for the big finale!" A large, oddly-shaped ball was brought in. It looked like it was made from newspaper and cardboard taped together, and it was decorated with streamers. "Muggles have a tradition of beating small paper horses with wooden clubs until sweets spray out," Tracey informed them. "For a wizarding version of this game, I'm going to toss this in the air, and we're all going to take turns zapping it until it explodes." Harry was laughing from next to Hermione. "A piñata?" he asked. "Where did she hear about piñatas from?" Hermione's eyes danced with amusement as she shrugged. "Her dad's a muggle," she said. "He probably told her. Though it seems like something got lost in translation…" Tracey threw the giant ball up into the air, and immediately it was being blasted up towards the ceiling, shouts and jets of light chasing after it, trying to strike a blow. Hermione watched her friends running around below it as they tried to zap it, laughing. They all just looked so intent on it, so intent on defeating a piñata, and they all just looked so silly, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh and laugh and laugh. When Terry Boot finally hit it with a well-placed severing spell, the piñata ball tore in mid-air, spilling out Bertie Botts Every-Flavor Beans everywhere. Girls shrieked and ducked for cover, while many of the boys dove and tried to gather up as many of them as they could. Shortly thereafter, it was declared it was time for lunch, and they all filed out after putting the classroom to rights once more, good-natured bickering about who got what hit on the piñata filling the air. "That was fun," Hermione told Tracey at the Slytherin table, and Tracey beamed. "Thank you." "It was my pleasure, Hermione!" Tracey exclaimed, smiling openly. "I'm glad you had fun." "Be careful of your food," Millie advised. "We still don't know what prank the twins are up to, yet." After lunch began and everyone was present, including the teachers, the twins' prank became evident midway through the meal. "Gilderoy…?" Hermione glanced up at Professor McGongall's aghast tones. "Yes, Minerva?" Lockhart said, beaming. "You've got-" She swallowed. "You've got a candle burning on your head." "I- wait, what?" Hermione giggled. Sure enough, there was a candle, maybe a foot tall, standing up on Lockhart's head. "I can't feel it!" Lockhart yelped, waving his arms around over his head. "Get it off! Please!" Obliging, Hagrid rose to his feet and pulled at the candle. "'won't come off yeh," Hagrid grunted. "'s gotta be some kinda magic candle." "Oh, really?" Lockhart's voice was high and frantic. "I couldn't tell." "Now, now." Hermione's eyes darted over to Snape, where he held a cool look of disdain. "If it's a candle, what all are candles used for?" he drawled. "Clearly this is some sort of prank – just figure out the trigger, and it'll disappear, I'm sure." "Like what, Severus?" Lockhart was panicking. "You could have someone blow them out?" Professor Sprout suggested. "Then please!" Hagrid took a deep breath and blew, and abruptly, one candle became two, the other popping into existence next to the first. "Aah! They've multiplyin'!" "They're what?" Hermione giggled as Hagrid blew again and again, more candles crowding around her professor's head until there were thirteen perched precariously atop it. "Clearly, blowing them out isn't working," Snape drawled, his lip curled in amusement. "Perhaps we should sing to you?" "But it's not my birthday!" Lockhart objected. "The candles don't seem to know that, Gilderoy," Flitwick reasoned. "No harm if it doesn't work. But it's worth a try." Hermione couldn't stop laughing as Flitwick lead the staff and much of the student body in a rendition of Happy Birthday. It was like the whole school was singing to her, only not, as she wasn't the one being embarrassed by it all. As the song came to a close, the candles all abruptly exploded into pixies, and there were shrieks of laughter and panic as Lockhart screamed and ran from the room, the pixies chasing after him. Laughing, Hermione glanced over at the Gryffindor table, which was in an uproar of laughter. The twins caught her eye and she grinned at them. Fred grinned back at her and gave her a thumbs-up, while George winked and laughed. It was certainly the weirdest and also one of the most surreal, but it was one of the best birthdays Hermione had ever had.
September passed, classes falling into a routine. Homework began piling up from teachers, and Hermione was diligent in making sure she got all of it done as soon as it was assigned. Essays were often done in the library with her Gryffindor friends, spell review and practice with her Ravenclaw friends where Luna often joined in, and studying ahead with Tracey, Millicent, and Blaise while hidden in old classrooms in the dungeons. "It's more fun if it's in secret," Blaise told them all, eyes gleaming. "Even if there's no need for it to be a secret, it's more fun if it is." Tracey and Millie were in favor of it, so Hermione was fine with having a Secret Slytherin Study Club. As long as studying actually got done, she didn't much care how or why. Lockhart continued to be inadequate, and Hermione continued to read other books in his class. She practiced a few of the defensive spells she found on her own, but defense was a subject that was best taught with supervision; if a charm was cast wrong, the charm failed, but if a defensive spell was cast wrong, someone could seriously get hurt. More often, Hermione read up on Legilimency and Occlumency, as well as what more she could make out from The Songe of the Beastes. The book, which she had originally thought to be a grimoire of old spells, seemed more like a fictional tale than an informative book. In it, the wizard told of his journey through the natural world, going to each animal and learning their language, understanding their way of the world, and gaining wisdom before he moved on to the next. It seemed very symbolic, to Hermione – very The Little Prince, she thought. It was enjoyable, though, and Hermione was enjoying the challenge of making her way through the Middle English to finish the story. In the beginning of October, Blaise approached Hermione one morning, pulling her aside in a drafty corridor. "For your birthday, I did not give you a gift," he told her. "I did get one for you. It just hadn't arrived yet." "Oh, Blaise, that's fine," Hermione said. "It really doesn't matter." "It really does," Blaise said. "But it's fine; it arrived today." He handed her a small box wrapped in silver paper, which Hermione took in her hand and turned over a few times. She shook it, hearing nothing, and she glanced up at Blaise, who wore a small smile. "Go on, open it," he encouraged. Hermione eased a finger under the paper to tear through the tape, unfolding the gift from the paper rather than tearing it. She folded the paper and set it aside to examine her gift: a small pentagonal box, the wood dark and smooth. A star was etched deeply into the surface of the lid. "Open it," Blaise urged. There was a note in his voice, now – something tense. "Open it." Curious, Hermione lifted the lid. At first, she didn't know what she was looking at – was there nothing in this, save a black velvet cushion inside? But her questing fingers soon found several divots in the inner cushion, and she reached in and pulled an object free. "A ring?" she asked, her eyes darting to his sharply. "You got me a ring?" Blaise held his hands up. "It's not like that," he protested. "Promise. Look deeper." Frowning, Hermione examined the box more. She pulled another couple rings free from the black cushion before giving up, tugging out the cushion entirely and pulling the last two from inside. She cradled them in her hand, holding one up to examine. The ring itself was thick and silver. There was knotwork on the side, vaguely reminiscent of Celtic knots. On the top of the ring was a round face that held a silver pentacle, the background a black enamel. Hermione's eyes darted to Blaise as she realized. "Are these…?" Her throat was dry. "Did you really…" Blaise nodded. "They've coven rings," he told her quietly. "One for each member you choose." Hermione stared. Coven rings were very, very rare. They were a powerful magical artifact, when used correctly. They allowed the members of each other to share magic when necessary, as well as detect when someone else wearing a ring was in danger or hurt. They required a coven to use, of course, and a blood sacrifice as well. They weren't Dark, but Hermione suspected the blood sacrifice required to activate such rings had played a large role in the Ministry of Magic banning the sale of all such rings nearly a century ago. Hermione carefully reassembled the box. "I'm sorry I was so- I just- I didn't expect this," she admitted, slotting each ring back into its place. "Coven rings… I didn't think anyone made these anymore." "I had to get them from Italy," Blaise told her, giving her a small smirk. "But they're worth it though, right? Even though they're late?" "Are you kidding?" Hermione said. "Of course they're worth it. This is excellent!" Blaise grinned. "Now you just have to decide who all you want to be in your coven," he told her. Hermione gnawed on her lip. "Me, that's one," she said. "You, so that's two." "Good start," Blaise smirked. "So. Who else?" "Luna," Hermione said. "Though… I don't think her magic is mature enough just yet?" Blaise frowned. "Mature enough?" he questioned. "We all did that Slytherin ritual early first year." "The magic to unite a coven is more draining and difficult than that," Hermione told him. "There are stories… Luna should be ready by the end of the year, though, I think. She mentioned foreseeing something." Hermione peered at Blaise, frowning slightly. "…come to think of it, I might need to ask her if your magic has reached its critical point as well." "We don't have to wait for full magical maturity, do we?" Blaise groaned. "I don't want to wait until I'm seventeen…" "No," Hermione assured him. "It's something else. Luna can see it in auras." Blaise shrugged and sighed. "If you say so," he said. "Who else?" "Harry," Hermione said, thinking. "And his magic's already mature." Blaise raised an eyebrow. "Potter?" he questioned. "Really? You think he'll be okay with forbidden ritual magic?" "Whoever said anything about doing forbidden magic?" Hermione shot back, and Blaise smirked. "Fair enough," he said. "But would he be in?" Hermione bit her lip. "I don't know," she admitted. "But we could ask him."
They found Harry in the Gryffindor common room. Blaise had been amused to see Hermione approach the portrait of the Fat Lady, ask if Harry was inside, and then give the password of 'wattlebird' without so much as fluttering an eyelash. "You just go into everyone's common rooms, don't you?" Blaise said, admiring. "I know you've been up in Ravenclaw." "Haven't found Hufflepuff yet," Hermione told him. "Haven't had a reason to try." Harry was looking over a sketch of some sort of animated Quidditch maneuver when Hermione and Blaise approached him, and his eyes grew wide. "Hermione?" he said, surprised. "Zabini?" "Harry," Hermione said, giving him a smile. "Can we talk to you for a moment? Outside?" Harry glanced around, realizing that they were gathering several suspicious stares. Hermione imagined it pleased the Gryffindors none too much to realize that a Slytherin had been able to give the Fat Lady their password, though the Weasley Twins looked amused. "Right," he said, shoving the book aside. "Sure. Where to?" Hermione led them to a vacant corridor on the fifth floor, one that had some forgotten furniture in it. "Do you know what a coven is, Harry?" she began, and Harry blinked, then wrenched his face up, thinking. "Is that what Muggles call a group of witches?" he guessed. "That's all that 'bubble, bubble, toil and trouble', isn't it?" "All the what?" Blaise said, puzzled. "That's correct," Hermione said, ignoring Blaise – now was not the time to go over Macbeth. "However, it's also a real thing in the wizarding world. A coven is a group of witches and wizards who cast ritual magic together." "Ritual magic?" Harry asked. "Not potions and chanting spells?" "Rituals," Hermione said with a smile. "No weird sisters here." "The Weird Sisters?" Blaise was openly confused now. "They're a rock group, not a coven." Hermione rolled her eyes and ignored him. "I want to form one," she told him. "Blaise is in it. I want you to be in it, too." "And this is… to cast magic?" Harry asked. He frowned. "Why isn't this covered in classes?" "Ritual magic is a forgotten art, Potter," Blaise told him. "After we developed wands, we didn't need rituals to control our magic anymore." "Then why…?" "Because there's not a spell for everything," Hermione told him. "But rituals work with your magic and will. In theory, you should be able to design a ritual to do anything." Harry's eyes widened. "Anything…?" "Well, within reason," Hermione amended. "Probably not manipulate time or history, for example, or cause mass destruction-" "You could if your coven was big enough," Blaise muttered. "-but with most things, sure," she said. She smiled. "It'll be a way to explore what all magic has to offer us, and we can do it together." Harry looked uneasy. "Why are you asking me?" he asked. "Why aren't Neville and Ron here too?" Blaise snorted, muttering something unflattering about Weasley under his breath, and Hermione paused, thinking how best to phrase her thoughts. "Ron and I frequently don't get along, and he has problems with Slytherins," she told Harry. "He wouldn't want to join a group run by me." "That's fair," Harry admitted. "But what about Neville?" Hermione bit her lip. "Ritual magic is old," Hermione told him. "It's handed down through families, and not many people do it much anymore." "So?" "It's largely considered Dark magic by the Ministry," Blaise said, stepping in. His eyes held Potter's. "Even though it's not." "Dark magic?" Harry recoiled. "I'm not doing Dark magic." "I didn't ask you to," Hermione said, annoyed. "I asked you to join my coven." "Yeah, but if you have a coven to cast-" "They classify it as Dark because you can do anything with it," Hermione snapped. "It's easy to classify specific spells as 'Dark' because a spell only does one specific thing. But with ritual magic, you could get the same ending effect a dozen different ways, so it's easier to just call the whole thing 'Dark' and let it fade away." Harry looked at her, his green eyes sharp. "And it's not?" he asked her. "Not Dark?" "Ritual magic is not innately Dark," Hermione said patiently, "just as using a wand isn't either. I will admit that some rituals are Dark, but so are some spells, Harry. We just won't do ones that are Dark." Harry looked unsure. "Many of the rituals call for you to spill your blood," Hermione told him honestly, "which is a large reason the Ministry is unfriendly to ritual magic – blood magic tends to have negative connotations. But Harry – blood magic is what your mother used to save your life. It's what keeps you safe at the Dursleys'. I was able to use a blood magic ritual to protect my parents this summer, so they'll be safe even when I'm not there." Harry looked surprised at this. "With your parents?" he repeated. "Really?" Hermione nodded. "They put their blood in and everything. The house is safer for it, now." Blaise's eyes gleamed behind her, but he remained silent. Harry looked thoughtful. "So you think Neville would reject this outright because the Ministry says ritual magic can be Dark," Harry summed up. "But you think I won't?" "I know you won't, Harry," Hermione told him. "You're too smart to believe the 'only good' or 'only bad' false dichotomy. You come from the Muggle world, like me – you know that magic is just a tool, and like any tool, what it does depends on how it is used." "And if nothing else, ritual magic is what saved your life," Blaise added. "You'd want to learn more about that, wouldn't you?" Hermione held her breath as Harry considered. Harry was a good friend, loyal, and a good wizard, and she wanted him to join her. Not to mention that getting Harry to join her coven would tie him to her tighter as a friend, regardless of Dumbledore's desires for the special Harry Potter and his Slytherin acquaintance... "…okay," he said finally. "I'm curious. And I'm interested. Count me in." His eyes gleamed. "Think we could do a ritual to make me faster on a broom?" Blaise laughed. "You're doomed, Potter," he told him. "You can't outrace a Nimbus 2001 on a Nimbus 2000." Harry stuck his tongue out at Blaise, while Hermione laughed. "It's possible that we could make a ritual to make your reflexes faster," Hermione told him, "but that seems an awful lot like cheating to me." Harry sighed a long, over-dramatic sigh. "What is the point of joining a dodgy ritual group," he wanted to know, "if you can't even use it to help you catch the snitch?" Hermione giggled while Blaise snickered, and Harry grinned back at both of them. "So I'm good?" Blaise asked again. "I don't want to burn out my magical core on this." Hermione and Harry lingered nearby outside in the courtyard. Hermione wanted to hear Luna's answer, as she considered Blaise's aura carefully. Finally, Luna nodded, looking him up and down again. "Your aura is spinning as it grows," she confirmed. "You've reached the maturation point necessary for your core to generate lots more magic. You'll be fine." "And I already hit it?" Harry wanted to know. "You did," Luna nodded. "So you two are fine. But the rest of us aren't. So we'll have to wait until closer to the end of the year to formally bind together." "That's fine," Hermione said, dismissive. "We'll wait for you, Luna. There's plenty of other things we can begin exploring in the meantime. Plus, there's one more member to recruit still." "Any ideas?" Blaise asked. "A couple," Hermione admitted. "But with the person I want to ask, I'll have to time it just right…" Luna's eyes gleamed. "Wait for us, Hermione," she chided, her voice teasing. "Your magic isn't ready either." Hermione's mind screeched to a halt. "…What?" Luna blinked up at her innocently. "It's perfectly normal, Hermione," Luna told her. "It's a point of maturity that every witch or wizard reaches at a different time-" "But I did," Hermione objected strongly. "I did. Last spring!" "I thought this magic point was mysterious and unknown," Harry muttered to Blaise, who shrugged and watched on. Luna tilted her head at Hermione. "Did you really?" she asked, her voice musical. "Or did you only think that you did?" "I did!" Hermione stomped her foot. "I did, I made sure of it! And it hurt, and I got the result I wanted, and my magic started growing afterward!" "You 'made sure of it'?" Luna questioned. "Yes," Hermione said, nodding. "That's what I'm saying. So there's no way that-" "Was your body ready for it?" Luna cut her off. Hermione paused. "…define 'ready'." Luna looked amused. "I think you know what I mean." Hermione faltered. "Okay, so no, it wasn't, but that was the whole point, was to make my body ready at the optimal time-" "And has your body 'been ready' since then?" Luna challenged. "Well, no-" "Then how," Luna said, "can you possibly think you're ready?" Hermione stopped. Luna's points were valid. It made sense, once she thought about it — of course her body was tied to her magic, and if it needed her to be having her cycle to exponentially grow her magic capacity, then of course her plan wouldn't have worked — not unless she did the terrible ovulation ritual every single month since then. Which she hadn't – she'd nearly regretted doing it once. But if she hadn't managed to make her magic capacity begin growing exponentially… "But I did it," Hermione said weakly. She leaned back against the castle wall, sliding to the ground. "I did it. It worked." "You tried to cheat nature, Hermione," Luna said. She bent down to look at Hermione, her watery blue eyes kind. "You can't cheat that." Hermione fell silent, dwelling on what this truly meant. If her magic wasn't growing exponentially, now... if all this time, she'd still been growing linearly... All that potential, then, just gone... Quietly, Hermione began to cry. Luna gave her a sad smile, before gathering her in her arms and giving her a hug, silent tears spilling down Hermione's cheeks. Harry looked from Hermione and Luna to Blaise and back again, his eyes wide and panicked. Blaise gave him a nod, and the two boys silently slid away, leaving Hermione crying quietly in Luna's comforting embrace. "It'll be okay," Luna murmured. Hermione sniffled for a while longer, Luna offering hugs and comfort by her side. Hermione's tears eventually began to dry up, and she wiped the tear tracks off her face. "I just... I wanted to be the best." Hermione rubbed at her eyes. She hiccuped. "And now... all that power... all that potential..." "Hermione," Luna said, her tone gently chiding. She tilted Hermione jaw up slightly forcing her to meet her eyes and gave her a smile. "Do you really think this means you can't still be the best?" Hermione sniffed. "...no." "Then go be the best," Luna said, as if it was as simple as that. Hermione considered for a long moment, before standing. She offered Luna a hand to help pull her up. "All right," she said, sighing. "I will." Luna clapped. "Good!" She beamed. "Now you can put this whole failed ritual business behind you and move forward-" "Ah... I can't. Not quite yet," Hermione admitted. Luna tilted her head. "But you'll need to let go if you want-" "I will, but not just yet." "Why not?" Luna wanted to know. Hermione winced. "I need to figure out just what I've done to myself first."
Hermione prided herself on her realistic attitude toward life, even if it was very cynical sometimes. If there was a truth, she wanted to know it, and she refused to hide her head in the sand – it was always better to know. When she had been a child and sick with the chicken pox, she wanted to know if she was dying. Her mother had been horrified by her asking, but Hermione had determined she wanted to know if she was, she could start drawing out her will. Her handwriting and spelling wasn't so good yet, so she'd have had to draw all her toys, and she had wanted get a head start on it so she could get it all done before she was dead. Of course, she wasn't dying, but Hermione even at age five had had a plan just in case. When Hermione had been playing with a friend one time in primary school, she had gotten a funny look from a classmate, and she had demanded to know what was going on. The boy had told her she wouldn't like it, but Hermione had bossily insisted that she'd be the judge of that. The boy had shrugged and told her that her new friend wasn't really a friend at all; he'd overheard her talking to other students about getting close to Hermione so she'd let her copy her homework. Hermione had been struck, and though her anger as she viciously ended the 'friendship' was covering up deep hurt, she was still glad she'd asked and known. She preferred the pain of the truth to the continued fake friendship, no matter how nice it had felt while it lasted. When Hermione had learned of the pureblood supremacy and blood purist prejudice ingrained in wizarding society, she had acknowledged it, faced it, and made her plans accordingly, taking such prejudice into account when she announced herself as New Blood. She had set out to prove herself immediately, instead of naively hoping to change people's minds through example. It was a harder path, perhaps, facing Slytherin head-on, but she knew she was having more of an effect from within than she would ever have been able to from the outside, as she might have done if she didn't own up to the unpleasantness of this new world. Now, Hermione faced a very unfortunate truth: she'd done a ritual – a definitively dodgy magic ritual – and she'd somehow messed her magic up. Because something had changed in her magic. Hermione could feel it, had felt it. But if Hermione hadn't managed to jumpstart her magic capacity into growing exponentially… Then what had she done? It was another unfortunate truth that Hermione had to admit to herself that she knew she had no idea, and it stung and scared her to acknowledge that she would have to ask for help. Hermione glanced up again at Snape's office door, looked longingly back down the corridor toward the common room, before turning back toward the door with a sigh. She knocked. "Enter." Hermione did. Snape was reading an essay, a nearby jar of red ink open as he hovered with his quill. His office looked much the same as Hermione remembered it – his large, imposing desk, a wooden chair, the shelves filled with odd jars around the room with the chalkboards hidden behind them. She closed the door behind her and sat down in the chair across from the desk, resisting the urge to swing her legs as she waited. Finally, Snape scrawled a grade at the top of the essay and set down his quill, looking at her expectantly. "Well, Miss Granger?" Hermione bit her lip. "I think," she began, "that I might have messed something up and need your help." Snape sniffed. "I'd expected you far before now, honestly," he said. There was an annoyed undertone to his voice that Hermione hadn't expected, and she blinked as he aimed his wand at the door. "Colloportus." The door's lock turned shut, and Snape turned back to her, fixing his glinting eyes on her. "Now, Miss Granger – tell me exactly what you and Mister Malfoy did." Hermione blinked. "That?" she said, confused. "Oh! No, no, that worked perfectly, professor. I don't need your help with that." Snape raised a skeptical eyebrow. "Mister Malfoy ended up hospitalized for a week," he drawled, "and your unknown ritual worked perfectly?" Hermione flushed at his tone. "Well, maybe not perfectly," Hermione muttered. "But that was Draco's own fault. If he hadn't been so caught up in his own stupid ego, everything would have been fine." Snape's eyebrow remained raised, politely incredulous, and Hermione looked away. "Anyway, Draco's fine now," she said. "I need- I did something else, a while ago, and I think I might not be okay." Snape's expression shifted slightly. "…elaborate, Miss Granger." Hermione bit her lip. Snape's eyes were on her, scrutinizing, and she took a deep breath, gathering her courage. She had the impulse to ask him to not get mad at her, but she resisted the urge – she wasn't a child anymore; she could face up to the consequences of her actions, even if it meant her Head of House's displeasure. "You might remember," Hermione began, "that last year, we had… a conversation." Snape's eyes gleamed. "I remember several," he said. "Perhaps you should be more specific." Hermione twisted her hands in the chair. "…we discussed how a witch's power begins to grow exponentially," she said finally, "when she starts her menstrual cycle." Snape's eyebrows rose very high, and Hermione felt a flicker of amusement. Whatever he had been expecting her to say, it hadn't been that. "I…" Snape frowned. "That seems familiar…" "It was when I asked you about flying," Hermione offered. "You… somewhat let it slip?" Snape sighed. "Regardless of whether or not I should have said anything, the fact remains true," he acknowledged. "What of it, Miss Granger?" "Well…" Hermione bit her lip. "I want to be the most powerful witch I can be, so I charted out when would be the optimal time to get my period, in order to maximize my magical growth-" "You what?" Snape's voice was sharp. "Miss Granger, am I to believe you-" "I couldn't," Hermione said hurriedly. "I didn't know the math. I had to ask Professor Vector for help, but she helped me, and the answer was the 18th month after I turned eleven. That month would be – you know – magically optimal to get my period." Snape's eyes glittered dangerously at her from over the desk. "And what, pray tell, did you do with this knowledge, Miss Granger?" he breathed. Hermione winced. "I… umm…" "Because while I can imagine a young man trying his best to get the desired result to take advantage of such knowledge," he said, his voice dangerously quiet, "young women do not exactly have the same course of action available to them." Hermione gathered her courage once more. "I did a ritual," she admitted. "On the new moon, back in March. On top of the Astronomy tower. It was… it was designed to help witches struggling to conceive. It forces ovulation…" Snape inhaled sharply, nostrils flaring, his eyes alight. "…and I figured, well, so long as there wasn't any chance of conception, then it would cause a period, right?" She winced. "And it did. I thought it worked. Only… only that was the only one, and I never had another one after that, so it didn't have the effect of maximizing my magical potential like I thought." Snape regarded her silently. "And now… well, my magic changed, sir," Hermione rushed. "But… if it didn't change how I thought it had changed, then… I don't know what I did, or if I hurt myself somehow." She finished, looking at Snape with uncertain eyes. There was a long silence as he regarded her with sharp eyes, steepling his hands. "So. Let me summarize." Snape stood from behind his desk. "In order to further your ambition, you performed a dangerous Dark ritual alone-" "It wasn't Dark!" Hermione objected. "I checked! I asked you beforehand!" "-dangerous Grey ritual, then, alone," Snape snapped, continuing, "on top of the Astronomy tower when you were twelve, with the goal of starting your menses. And because biology does not work like that, you had one menstrual cycle but no others, and now, half a year later, you are concerned you've hurt yourself?" Hermione gnawed on her lip. "I know I'm fine biologically?" she offered. "My mum made me get checked out by a gynecologist." "You told your Muggle mother-?" Snape pinched the bridge of his nose very tightly. "Miss Granger," he said. "I thought you were one of the smarter students in my classes." His look was sharp, and Hermione recoiled, feeling almost as if his glare had cut her. "What possessed you to risk your magic and your body and your life with forbidden Grey rituals, alone?" Hermione shrank under his words. His disgust and disappointment were like a physical presence in the room, pressing down on her. "I just wanted to be the best," she whispered. "I… I didn't want to fall behind, I didn't want to be bad at magic because of bad luck in the biological lottery…" Snape gave her a dark look. "You are very, very lucky," he said finally, "that nothing harmful befell you from the utter stupidity of your actions." "But my magic, though," Hermione said. "I don't know what-" "If your magic had been harmed, we would have known it before now," Snape said. "Come, now. Stand up. Let's see just what you have done to yourself, you silly girl." Obedient, Hermione hopped to her feet. Snape moved the chair from behind her and set it aside before he began to cast a series of strange charms, each one causing a wisp of colored energy to circle her. He frowned. "Your magical pool is very large, for someone your age," he said, giving her a look. "How are you sure your scheme didn't work?" "Luna can see when someone hits that point," Hermione told him. "It changes their aura." Snape's lip curled. "Of course. Miss Lovegood." "I believe her, sir," Hermione objected. "Luna is a Seer." "True seers are rare, Miss Granger…" Snape continued to circle her, frowning. "…nevertheless, your claim seems to be true." He shot her a look. "Did you do anything else to try and expand your magical capacity?" "No other rituals," Hermione said. "I still drain my magic completely every night before I go to bed, to push it to get better and expand." "I am still astonished that it is working for you," Snape said. "Magical exhaustion is what put Mister Malfoy in the hospital not so long ago." "Practice makes perfect?" Hermione offered, and Snape snorted despite himself. Hermione squirmed as Snape circled her, casting charms and frowning at the results. "Miss Granger," he said finally. "I would like to see you cast a spell." "Um, okay," she said. "What spell?" "Something difficult," he told her. "Something that uses a lot of your magic up." Hermione glanced around, finally aiming her wand at the wooden chair she'd been sitting on. "Gemino." There was a rush of power from her, thundering through her ears, and Hermione staggered under the weight of the magic she'd just cast – of course a chair would be much harder to duplicate than a silly book or a piece of paper– "Miss Granger!" Idly, Hermione realized she'd fallen over. She giggled up at the ceiling for a moment, her mind feeling blank, before her thoughts slowly filtered back to her. She groaned and rolled over, sitting up as her head throbbed. "Did it work…?" Snape gestured wordlessly. A second chair sat next to the first, identical in every way. Hermione had managed to replicate even the small notches on one of the legs where someone had carved the initials WR, she saw. She grinned weakly, making her way over to it to lift herself onto the new chair. "Did that help?" she asked. "The spell, I mean?" Snape gave her an inscrutable look. "See for yourself," he said finally, and with a word and a gesture, an image coalesced and turned in front of Hermione. It looked like a big oval, a gold, faintly-wavering outline circling the image. Inside the oval was what looked like a light violet liquid shot with silver, moving up and down slightly, and wavy like the ocean. The oval was about half full with the violet liquid, and as Hermione watched, the level of the purple rose within the oval. "This," Snape said, "is a visualization construct your magical power." "My magic is violet?" Hermione asked, excitement flickering in her. "That's so cool! That's my favorite color." "That is not the point." Snape pinched his nose tightly. "Miss Granger, what do you see?" "Umm, an oval with violet inside of it," she said. "The violet was lower, but it looks like it's filling the oval back up? It slowed down at about the halfway point, but the level's still rising pretty well." "You are correct," Snape said. "Now: this is my magical power." Snape moved to sit next to her in the original wooden chair, casting, and a second oval bubbled into existence. This oval, too, was outlined in gold. There was silver shot through the inside of this one as well, only this oval was filled entirely with black. "Your magic is black, sir?" Hermione questioned. "It wasn't always." Snape sighed. "It used to be blue. Now: watch. Expecto Patronum." Hermione gasped as a burst of silver light flooded the room, coalescing into some sort of animal and galloping away through the door. She kept a careful eye on the ovals, though, as instructed. Snape's oval had gone down some, maybe a seventh of it gone. "That's not enough. Expecto Patronum. Expecto Patronum." He cast a few more times, silver flooding the room and dazzling her before the ghostly animals left the room. Finally, his oval was about half empty, as hers had been. "You have so much more magic," Hermione said, envious. "I'm an adult," Snape dismissed. "It's to be expected." Hermione sighed but nodded and watched, waiting to see what Snape's concern was. She couldn't see what he was pointing out, though. His circle was fine, half-full of gently roiling black liquid. Snape sighed. "Miss Granger," he said. "Duplicate that vase, will you?" Hermione hadn't even realized he had a vase in his office, but there on top of one of the shelves was a dark black glass vase. Hermione shrugged, aiming. "Gemino." A rush went through her, and a second vase wobbled precariously into existence on top of the shelves. "Now," Snape said with satisfaction. "Look." Hermione looked back to the ovals. Duplicating the vase had drained her – her oval was only about half full again, the same as Snape's. But even as she watched, her level began to rise again, quickly moving up higher and higher, while Snape's stayed much the same. Hermione's eyes flew to his. "Why isn't yours regenerating?" she asked, alarmed. "Why isn't your power coming back?" "It is," Snape said. "But just at a normal rate of regeneration. This is what normal wizards' power regeneration looks like, Miss Granger. This is why we rest and recover regularly when practicing spells – eventually, your magic runs out." Hermione stared at him, then at her oval again, which was almost full to the top. "But then…" Hermione's mouth was dry. "Why does mine…?" "You were trying to make your magical capacity grow exponentially, yes?" Hermione nodded slowly. "It seems that you successfully triggered whatever part of your magic causes exponential growth, with your little ritual," Snape said, his lip curling. "However, without a continuing cycle, your magic could not grow exponentially as intended. But you had still triggered something, and your magic had to adapt to account for that." Realization dawned on her as he continued. "You didn't make your total magic capacity grow exponentially," he told her. "You've exponentially increased your ability to recover spent magic." Hermione gave him an uncertain look. "Is… is that good?" "I suspect there will be side effects." Snape folded his arms. "Increased metabolism, perhaps. Exhaustion. Bouts of mania. Mental breakdowns. Hallucinations. Possible burnout of your core, if you expend too much magic too fast and put too much of a demand on yourself." Hermione tried not to panic. She wondered if there was a way she could look up all that might happen to her. Surely there had to be books on how not to burn out your core or become manic…? "Anything that might happen will probably come into play after your core properly begins to grow," Snape told her. "But, even with those side effects…" His eyes met hers, a speculative gleam in their depths. "…I suspect if he could have, the Dark Lord would have done exactly the same himself." Hermione wasn't quite sure how a statement comparing her to the Dark Lord came off like a compliment, but she somehow felt rather flattered nonetheless.
October passed much as September had, with the addition of wet to the cloudy skies. Hermione missed the calmer weather – she'd enjoyed going out in the courtyard to study or talk, and she didn't know a good enough water-repellent spell to work as an umbrella to risk it. The professors were all steadily increasing their workload. It seemed they all had greater expectations on them now that they were second years, and they were being treated accordingly. Hermione didn't mind – the essays the teachers assigned were good review for her, and she was learning new things all the time as she researched to complete them. Hermione had always enjoyed meeting or exceeding her professors' expectations, and she was pleased to get professors' positive comments back when their homework was returned. Snape never gave positive comments on her essays. There were notes scrawled in the margins occasionally, questioning why she hadn't considered the Even Distribution Principle or why she didn't account for the origin of fluxweed, but Hermione knew by now that she was the only one to get such comments – the Even Distribution Principle wasn't even taught until O.W.L. year, she had found when she looked it up. The most positive thing she'd gotten from Snape so far had been a raised eyebrow and a dry, "Do try to keep your footnotes to a reasonable number next time, Miss Granger." She had flushed a brilliant red as she took her essay back, a "100" marked at the top in red. Hermione had heard Ron hiss to Harry from across the room, demanding to know what a footnote was, and Snape had docked him points for whispering in class. Hermione was all too aware of her desire to prove herself to Snape. Part of it was that her other teachers so often commended her and recognized her skills and abilities, awarding her points in class, where Snape did not. After class, when critiquing her and Theo's potions, he would sometimes award points for clever thinking or innovation, but never in front of her classmates. Snape seemed to use points more as a weapon than a teaching tool like the other professors; he often awarded Slytherin points more to enrage the Gryffindors than to recognize a Slytherin's contributions as valuable. But another part of it was Hermione's deep sense of embarrassment and shame. Her head of house had called her a fool for doing the ritual she had, trying to jumpstart her period. Even though it ended up being mostly a positive (Hermione was desperately trying not to think about what might happen to her magic when she did get her period properly), she knew that she'd been overconfident in her ambition. Hermione looked up to Snape, and she desperately wanted to earn his high regard back. By the time Halloween rolled around, all the second years were ready for a break. Hermione had heard rumors that the Great Hall had been decorated with live bats and enormous carved pumpkins, and she couldn't help but be excited. She'd missed the feast last year, crying in the bathroom, and she was looking forward to the experience. When she'd asked Harry, Neville, and Ron if they were excited, though, she'd gotten an unexpected reaction – Harry had groaned, Neville laughed, and Ron shot Harry a venomous look. "We're– we're not going," Harry said. "We've been invited to a different party." "A different party?" Hermione questioned carefully. The only other celebrations she knew about were those celebrating the downfall of Voldemort. Given the death of Harry's parents and Harry's unease with his fame, she would be surprised if Harry opted to go to one of those. "Nearly Headless Nick's 500th Deathday party is today," Harry said dully. "I agreed to go." "Harry's being overly nice to a ghost," Ron grumbled, "'cause he got his feelings hurt for his head not getting cut off all the way." "We're being supportive friends to Harry," Neville told Ron, giving him a look. "We're also showing support for our House ghost. Solidarity is important, Ron." "Yeah, yeah," Ron said, waving him off. "But still." The idea of going to a party for a House ghost was distinctly odd to Hermione. The Bloody Baron, the Slytherin house ghost, was around, sure, and he was certainly a ghost, but… it wasn't like she'd ever talked to him. He just kind of lurked around, silently pointing lost Slytherin first years in the correct direction if they got really lost. She didn't even know why he was covered in blood, come to think of it. And yet, from the sound of it, the Gryffindors were friends with their house ghost. "At least it sounds interesting?" Hermione offered. "I bet there aren't many living people who can say they've been to one of those." "Probably for good reason," Ron said, and Neville elbowed him sharply, looking annoyed. When seven o'clock finally rolled around, Hermione went to dinner with the rest of her House, only to stop short in the doorway and gasp. The Great Hall had been transformed. Hermione had expected the live bats, having been warned, but she hadn't realized just how enormous the pumpkins would be. They looked like they were big enough for three adults to comfortably stand up inside, and Hermione wondered how large the seeds had been and just how much pumpkin goop had been dumped into the Forbidden Forest when Hagrid was carving them out. The hall had been decorated in orange and gold, which Hermione thought looked good – much better than orange and black, at any rate. There were dancing skeletons at the front of the hall, which prompted gasps from the first years and a discussion amongst the Ravenclaws on the ethics of making skeletons dance. "I mean, it's not as if they're alive," Terry argued, "so how could they agree to make fools of themselves like this?" "If they're not alive, what's it matter?" Michael Corner shot back. "Some wizard dug up a few graves and charmed the bones. What's the big deal?" "The big deal, Corner, is the precept of Bodily Integrity, not that I would expect you to know that…" Their argument trailed off as they went to the Ravenclaw table, Hermione making her way over to the Slytherin table instead. "How can the skeletons have bodily integrity if they don't have a body?" Blaise quipped, and Tracey and Millie snickered, while Hermione considered. "It's a legitimate question, though," she said. "Whose skeletons are they?" "They're probably not even real," Theo said, joining the conversation. "They're likely transfigured. Dumbledore and Flitwick probably set it up together." "You think?" Tracey asked, frowning. "I heard Dumbledore booked a troupe of them." "Nah," Theo said, dismissive. "Think about the logistics – enchanting dead bodies or dead body parts is necromancy. Even if you're not doing anything illegal, there's no way a wizard like Dumbledore would ever hire someone who performed genuine necromancy." "Do people do that?" Hermione said, astonished. "Necromancy?" "Dark wizards," Theo said, shrugging. "Most of it is very illegal. The Dark Lord was known for making armies of inferi – that's when you enchant a dead body to move and obey you." Tracey shuddered, while Hermione wrinkled her nose. "How does that even work?" she wanted to know. "Bodies are in various states of decay, and the decay wouldn't stop just because they were magically animated, would it? Did the bodies just wander about, losing limbs as they went?" Theo gave her an odd look while Blaise laughed. "Trust Hermione not to be horrified by the idea of an army of inferi, but by the hygiene and logistics of it all," he laughed, nudging her, and Hermione flushed red. "I was just saying," she objected. "It just doesn't seem very logical." Theo was still giving her an odd look. "I think he mostly used the fresh corpses of those he killed," he said finally. "Killing curse, dead body, inferi. Though I was an infant when all this was happening, so it's not as if I actually know." "I'm glad we've only got skeletons," Tracey piped in. "I can handle silly dancing bones, but I don't want some dead body dancing near my food." As they all settled in, the skeletons finished up their dance number and danced out of the way and over to the sides of the hall, some of the students applauding as they did. Dumbledore stood and clapped his hands. The Hall fell silent as Dumbledore looked out over them all, beaming. "Happy Halloween!" he said, gesturing grandly. He was wearing purple robes with a pattern of orange pumpkins with bright orange piping. "I hope everyone is having an excellent Halloween so far." "I was until I saw that crime against fashion," Daphne murmured, and Hermione and the other Slytherin girls stifled a snicker. "We have several special events planned for tonight," Dumbledore continued. "In addition to our evening's dancing entertainment, we have a pumpkin carving competition and bobbing for apples! If you'd like to participate, please come forward, and the prefects will help arrange everyone into lines. Now, please – enjoy the feast!" The golden platters on the tables all filled with food, and there was a murmur through the hall before everyone began to eat. The food was very good, and Hermione took delight in filling her plate with some of her favorites. There was goose, rooster, and lamb on large platters, roasted or braised to perfection, and there was an assortment of sweet breads, roasted hazelnuts, and several apple and pumpkin dishes. It was only when Hermione realized that there were also baskets of raw apples about the tables that she began to wonder. "Who plans this feast?" Hermione asked. "The Headmaster," Theo answered. "Isn't it obvious? He loves Halloween." "Not the event itself," Hermione said. "Just the feast itself. Who decides what food we're served?" Theo looked at her quizzically. "No idea. Why? Does it matter?" "It's just…" Hermione gestured. "These are all traditional foods for Samhain. Not ones for Halloween." There was an abrupt hush around her, Theo and Draco turning to her panicked. "You cannot say that!" Theo hissed. "It is not spoken about anymore!" "That's been branded as a Dark festival," Draco said quickly, his eyes darting about. "The Dark Lord would celebrate it with his followers." "So?" Hermione challenged. "I'm sure lots of people celebrated it. It's the traditional holiday for today, not this Halloween nonsense–" "He celebrated it very traditionally with his followers," Draco emphasized. "It wasn't just goose and lamb they sacrificed, Hermione." Hermione stopped as she realized. She began to feel vaguely ill. "That's… that's horrendous," she said, appetite gone. "Why would they…?" Theo shrugged. "I suspect it started with a surplus of alcohol and a lot of anger and bloodlust," he said, taking a pumpkin pastry for himself. "It probably evolved from there. I suspect many of the Death Eaters happily seized on any excuse to go out and murder muggles." Hermione bit her lip. "Still, though," she said. "These foods… who planned them, if not the Headmaster?" They all considered silently for a moment, eating quietly. "Do you think the House Elves?" Tracey ventured. Millie nodded. "That would make sense. If anyone would keep the traditions, it would be them." Theo looked torn. "…I find it hard to believe that the Headmaster would condone celebrating that festival, even subtly," he said. "But the evidence is right here." "Maybe the Headmaster doesn't know," Blaise said, shrugging. "How would he not know, Zabini?" Theo snapped. "He's eating along with the rest of us, isn't he?" "Maybe they've got different food up at the front," Blaise suggested. "Not hard to arrange for fancier food for the staff, is it? And it'd go completely without suspicion. How much attention do you think the professors pay to what the students eat?" Hermione looked thoughtful. "That's very possible," she said. "Of course, there's only one way to check that." "What?" Draco wanted to know. Hermione offered him a smirk. "Someone would have to go up and check." "Oh, like that's not suspicious," Theo snorted. "It's not suspicious," Hermione said, "if they're participating in one of the Halloween activities." There was a pause. "Oh, hell no," Blaise said immediately. "Not it. I refuse." Theo looked ill, but Draco smirked. "Goyle," he said. "Come here." Gregory Goyle stood obligingly and came down the table. He and Vincent Crabbe had been sitting next to a third-year boy who had been arm wrestling with them. "What," he grunted. "I need you and Crabbe to go and do bobbing for apples," Draco told him. "When you go up to try, pay attention to what all the professors are eating at the head table. I want to know every dish they're having." Greg had been nodding along, but he froze at this. "That's a lot to remember," he said. Draco rolled his eyes. "It's food to remember," he said. "I'm sure you'll be fine. Crabbe'll help you, anyway. Now go." Obedient, Greg lumbered off, stopping to talk to and get Vincent, before the two of them went up to the front of the Great Hall. Six sets of Slytherin eyes watched them as they went. "Snape looks miffed," Blaise observed. "I bet he didn't want any of his Slytherins participating in this farce." Hermione took a lamb chop as she watched the two attempt to be subtle while looking at the food on the head table, taking turns dunking their heads in a bucket. "Just think of how many nasty mouths went into that water," Tracey said, making a face. "Gryffindor saliva bits just floating around." Millie gagged. "Thanks for that image, Tracey." "Well, I was just saying…" When the two boys returned, it was with dripping heads and damp robes. "I got a green apple," Vince told Draco. "Greg got a red one." They held up their apples triumphantly, each apple scarred with multiple teeth marks. "…and?" Draco said impatiently. "What did they have at the head table?" "Oh," Greg said. "There was a lot of food." Draco groaned and thunked his head off the table, but Greg began counting, wrenching up his face. "Wrapped sausages in pastries, venison, some kind of beef," he said, ticking off on his fingers. "Candied apples, butternut squash soup, some kind of potato patty, and decorated cookies." Hermione raised an eyebrow. "There was no lamb or goose?" she questioned. "Or apples?" "Only apples were dipped in caramel," Vince confirmed. "No lamb or goose. No nuts, either." Hermione exchanged a significant look with Theo and Draco, who looked conflicted. "Good job, mates," Draco said. "Thanks. You can go sit down." Greg and Vince went to sit back down, each still holding a scarred apple from their bout in the bobbing bucket. "So the professors don't get the same foods we do," Hermione murmured, "which means the House Elves are keeping the Samhain traditions alive without the Headmaster knowing." Theo looked considering, while Draco's eyes lit. "Do you think they have a bonfire somewhere?" he asked. "I've always wanted to participate in a bonfire." "Are you really going to go down and celebrate with the House Elves?" Theo said, aghast. "Malfoy, really-" "No. But if they have one somewhere, and I can find it, we can use it without the ruddy elves there–" Hermione tuned their bickering out, considering the implications of this as she munched on hazelnuts. If the House Elves were acting independently of the Headmaster in this matter, going against his wishes and taking efforts to deliberately deceive him… How much loyalty to the Headmaster did they actually hold?
Hermione was pleasantly full by the time the feast ended, and everyone was in a contented mood. When the feast ended, she pushed herself up, joining her classmates as they left to head back down to the dungeons. "That was wonderful," she groaned, putting a hand atop her stomach. "I'm sorry I missed out on it last year." "I dunno," Tracy said, grinning. "Defeating a troll was a pretty good reason to miss, if you ask me." They teased each other as they headed down the stairs until Hermione saw something odd and stopped short. Tracey crashed into her, with Millie crashing into her, and the crowd came to a stuttering halt as the people in the front stopped and stared. The corridor was puddled with water. Hanging from a torch bracket by the tail swung a recognizable shape. "Is that a cat?" Tracey whispered, horrified. "That's Mrs. Norris," Hermione said quietly, sickened. "Who would do such a thing?" As her eyes continued, she saw there were large words daubed on the wall between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by the flaming torches. THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED. ENEMIES OF THE HEIR, BEWARE. "Is that blood?" Tracey hissed, but Hermione ignored her. To the side of the words, pinned in by students coming down the other staircase, were Harry, Neville, and Ron, the three of them caught at the scene of the crime, all three of them looking uneasy and shifty. "What on earth…?" Hermione murmured, eyes wide. "What's going on here? What's going on?" Attracted no doubt by the murmurs and crowding, Argus Filch pushed his way through the crowd, glaring at them all. Hermione could see the moment he saw Mrs. Norris, his face transforming to one of horror. "My cat! My cat!" he shrieked. "What happened to Mrs. Norris?" His eyes fell on Harry, who took a step back. "You!" he screeched. "You! You've murdered my cat! You've killed her! I'll kill you! I'll—" "Argus!" Dumbledore had arrived, flanked by Professors McGonagall, Snape, and Lockhart. He swept forward and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket, making Hermione flinch. "Come with me, Argus," he said to Filch. "You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr. Weasley, Mr. Longbottom." "My office is nearest, Headmaster," Lockhart said eagerly, stepping forward. "Just upstairs. Please feel free—" "Thank you, Gilderoy," said Dumbledore. They all parted silently to let them pass. Dumbledore looked grave, as did McGonagall and Snape. Lockhart looked excited, while Harry, Neville, and Ron all looked like they might be sick. As they left the corridor, murmurs quietly broke out, students carefully venturing forward towards the wall. "That's enough of this nonsense!" Percy Weasley had stepped forward, looking important. "Everyone, return to your dormitories," he said. "There's nothing to see here. Your Heads of House will undoubtedly tell you everything you need to know after an investigation is conducted." "That's brilliant, Weasley," Jade drawled, taking a step forward to join the other prefect. "Only… Slytherin house needs to go through this corridor to get to our common room." Percy flushed. "Oh. Well— then—" "I'll monitor the house to make sure everyone behaves," Jade said lazily, giving him a dismissive look. "If you want to escort your lions upstairs, I'll escort my snakes to where they need to go." Percy nodded rapidly. "Yes, excellent. Prefects, to your houses! Escort your house to their common room…" The corridor gradually cleared out, Ravenclaw and Gryffindor leaving. Hufflepuff was long gone; they hadn't taken a route that neared the corridor. After everyone was gone, Jade turned to them all, danger flickering in her eyes. "We are all going down to our common room, together," she announced. "Before we do, does anyone have anything they want to say?" She glared out over them all, as if waiting for one of them to confess. Hermione looked around, before raising her hand. Jade looked surprised. "Granger?" she said. "What is it?" "Does anyone know how to test what kind of blood that is?" Hermione said. "Before someone comes and cleans it up?" Jade looked at her suspiciously. "Why?" she asked, and Hermione shrugged. "It seems like a good idea to figure out where all that blood came from," she said. "If it's an animal's blood, well, alright, nobody's going to care much if an animal's gone missing. But if that much blood is from a human…" She trailed off, and Jade paled. "Fair point." She straightened, clearing her throat. "Slytherin — does anyone know how to identify different types of blood?" There was a hush and a murmur, everyone looking around. After a long moment, a tall, pale boy strode forward, shooting dark looks around at everyone. "Who is that?" Hermione whispered. "He looks angry." "Evzen Dolohov," Tracey whispered back. "Who?" "His father's in Azkaban for being a Death Eater," Blaise murmured, stepping forward next to her. "Quiet, Hermione. Watch." Scowling at everyone, Evzen approached Jade, who nodded respectfully and stepped aside. The tall boy approached the wall, withdrawing a dark, crooked wand. He touched the point to the wall in a particularly gleaming area, murmuring something under his breath as he dragged it to the right, smearing the blood. As he did, he pulled back, and there was a chilling gust of wind through the corridor and a murmur as a red haze gradually formed a picture in the air, red droplets of blood coming together to make an image. "It is a rooster," Evzen said, looking to Jade. "A chicken. Not human. I am sure." Jade nodded respectfully, her face a mask of neutrality. "Thank you, Dolohov." Evzen melted back into the crowd, and Jade looked out over them all. "Anyone else?" she questioned. "Or can we return to the common room?" No one else said anything, and Jade turned and led them down the corridor to the dungeons in a heavy silence. Hermione's eyes were darting around, wide. Tracey and Millie both looked ill, while Draco's eyes were feverish and alight. Theo's eyes were carefully neutral, while Blaise looked skeptical and curious. As they filed through the passageway into their common room, without discussing it beforehand, all the Slytherins waited in the common room, no one leaving to go to their dormitory just yet. Hermione moved to a table near the lake, carefully keeping her back to the wall. She watched as Jade closed the passageway behind the last of them, turning to face them all. "One last time," she said quietly. Her words were like a challenge. "Does anyone want to share anything?" There was a silence, and Jade scowled. "Regardless of whatever the Headmaster's investigation turns up, everyone's eyes are going to be on us," she said. "People are going to look for the Heir of Slytherin in Slytherin. Stay together, don't go anywhere alone, and for Merlin's sake, don't let them get to you. Got it?" Hermione bit her lip and nodded, as did the rest of the house, and Jade let out a sigh. "Dismissed," she said finally. "Get to bed, people. Get to bed." As people filed out of the common room, Hermione drifted towards Theo and Draco, who looked at her suspiciously. "Heir of Slytherin?" she questioned. "Chamber of Secrets?" Theo groaned. "You know so little, don't you?" "Then tell me," Hermione said simply. Draco glanced over his shoulder. "Jade is watching us all," he said. "We can't lurk here." "Then I'll follow you to your dorm," Hermione said. "I want to know now." Theo and Draco exchanged an uneasy glance, but Hermione's gaze was like fire. "Shall we?" she said. Hermione hid in front of Theo and Draco as they went down the path to the boys' dormitories, crouching to keep out of sight. When they guided her to turn into one of the rooms off the path, Hermione stopped short, before Theo pushed her inside. "What is that smell?" she asked, horrified. Theo rolled his eyes as he shut the door. "Don't start," he warned her. "Hermione?" Hermione turned to see Blaise grinning at her. "Fancy seeing you here," he said. "Join me?" He patted the area on his bed next to him with a flirtatious grin. Hermione rolled her eyes but went to sit next to him regardless. Draco looked put out, but Hermione shot him a look. "Now," she said. "I believe there's something about the Heir of Slytherin for you to unpack?" Exchanging a heavy glance with each other, Draco and Theo began to quietly tell Hermione the legend of the Chamber of Secrets, the monster within, and the Heir of Slytherin, prophesized to return one day to finish Salazar Slytherin's noble work. They were deadly serious in tone, and Hermione felt herself shiver. "You'll need to be careful, Hermione," Draco said, at the end of the legend. "Who knows what the Heir will do?" Hermione nodded slowly, thoughtful. "I wonder…" she said. "I suppose we shall see."
The next day, Harry told her everything. "I heard that voice again," he said. "It kept going 'rip, tear, kill' and going on about how it had been so hungry for so long. Then it went 'I smell blood', and we were chasing it when we came upon Mrs. Norris. We were too shocked to get away before everyone else showed up." Hermione looked at Neville and Ron. "Did either of you hear this voice?" she asked. They both shook their heads. "I didn't hear anything," Ron said. "Just Harry, yelling about hearing someone." "Just because we didn't hear it doesn't mean that Harry didn't hear it," Neville told Ron. "Exactly," Hermione said, nodding satisfactorily. Her eyes fixed on Harry. "That means there's something special about you, allowing you to hear this odd voice." "Special about me?" Harry looked uneasy. "I survived the killing curse, Hermione. That's it. I'm nothing special otherwise." "Current circumstances beg to differ," Hermione said, folding her arms. "Whatever attacked Mrs. Norris, you clearly heard it when no one else did." "Filch was furious," Neville said, shuddering. "He looked like he was going to have a full-on breakdown. He only calmed down a little when Dumbledore said that she was Petrified, not dead…" "Filch blamed Harry," Ron snickered. "Said Harry did it because he knew Filch was a Squib." Hermione blinked. "A Squib?" she repeated. "I suppose that makes sense. I wondered why he never used magic." "I didn't even know what it was," Harry said. "I felt like a fool." "Snape kept pushing for us to be punished," Neville said. "He could tell we weren't telling the teachers everything — we didn't want to say Harry had been hearing voices — and he was trying to get Harry kicked off the Quidditch team." "Lockhart was trying to show off and annoyed Snape, too," Ron said, sniggering. "If Lockhart kicks it in the next week, we'll know Snape poisoned him." Hermione wasn't sure she'd care if he did. Rumors of the attack flew around the school wildly for the next few days. Filch kept prowling around near the scene of the crime, as if he thought the attacker would come back. And the words on the wall continued to gleam, despite Filch's best efforts to clean off the blood. No one knew what was going on, but rumors of the Chamber of Secrets were whispered in the corridors from ear to ear, the legend gradually spreading throughout the school. Hermione was careful not to go anywhere alone, sticking close to her fellow Slytherins when she went through the halls. There were rumors in Slytherin that this had all happened before, that the Chamber of Secrets had been opened before some fifty years ago, and that the last time, a Muggle-born had died. And though Hermione was normally one to dismiss rumors, Slytherin rumors had an uncanny habit of being unusually accurate, their sources never fully disclosed. Several of the older, snobbier Slytherins were whispering loudly and snickering now when they saw her, but Hermione tried to pay them no mind. Even if Salazar Slytherin had put a monster in the castle to get rid of the unworthy, there was no way that she would ever be considered 'unworthy'. She would make sure of it. Some of the rumors grew ridiculous. Whispers of Harry being the Heir of Slytherin spread throughout the school, as he'd been found at the scene of the crime, and the rumors seemed to upset Harry a lot. "Justin Finch-Fletchley ran away from me at lunchtime," he said. "Colin's heard the rumors too and fled from me as well." "Creevey was carried off in the crowd," Ron objected. "It was change of classes, and he's a titchy little thing." "Still…" Harry looked depressed. "Do you think there's really a Chamber of Secrets?" Neville asked Hermione. Hermione shrugged. "There might be. The Slytherins seem to think so." "They would," Ron dismissed. "Of course they'd want to believe that their founder made some giant secret dungeon that held terrifying monsters." "It's a bit more than that," Hermione said tersely. "Rumor in the Slytherin common room is that this happened before fifty years ago, and that at least one Muggle-born died." "I've never heard that," Neville said, eyes wide. "That because it probably didn't happen," Ron said. "The Slytherins just like to feel superior and scare people." "If that had happened, unless they found the monster and chamber, they might have covered it up," Hermione said. "There's not much evidence for a chamber either way, is there?" "We could look." Harry's eyes were hard. "We could look around near the scene of the crime." Hermione watched the Gryffindor boys all exchange glances, determination and adventure in their eyes. She sighed, standing and dusting off her robes. "I recognize that look," she said wryly. "We might learn something, I suppose. Why not?" "It's not like Filch is going to figure out anything," Ron pointed out, to which Hermione had to agree. The corridor where the attack had happened looked very much the same, with the exception of the missing cat. The wall still read "The Chamber of Secrets has been Opened," and except for a chair against the wall, Hermione could detect no difference. "Look at these!" Harry said. "Scorch marks!" Hermione frowned. "Scorch marks?" she said. "Wasn't there water on the floor that night?" "Maybe a fire spell went out of control and they needed to put the fire out?" Harry suggested. "Come look at this!" said Neville. "This is funny…" Hermione and Harry got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the wall, where nearly two dozen spiders were scuttling, fighting to get through a small crack. There was a long, dangly silvery thread, hanging like a rope they'd all climbed in a hurry. "Have you ever seen spiders act like that?" Neville said wonderingly. "No," said Harry. "Have you, Ron? ...Ron?" Hermione glanced at Ron, who seemed on the verge of an anxiety attack. "What's up?" said Harry. Hermione winced. "Arachnophobia?" she asked. "There's plenty of people like that. Go look on the other side of the corridor, Ron. We'll handle this." Ron nodded gratefully and hurried away while she watched the spiders. Harry watched Ron, a funny look on his face. "I never knew Ron was afraid of spiders," he said. Hermione shrugged. "I suspect it hasn't come up before now," she said. "I'm sure you can ask him about it later." She pulled away from the spiders to look around. "The only noticeable difference is the lack of Mrs. Norris," she said. "And the water," Harry said, remembering. "It was all in this hall. It came to about here." He stopped at a door bearing an "Out of Order" sign. "You can't go in there," Ron objected. "That's a girls' toilet." "No one will be using it if it's out of order," Hermione said. "Just go in." With that, Harry put his hand on the knob and opened the door. The bathroom was one of the gloomiest she'd ever seen. The floor was damp and reflected the dull light given off by a few stubs of candles. The mirror was speckled with water and dirt and cracked in several places, and the sinks looked chipped and rusted. The stall doors were flaking and old, decaying on their hinges. Hermione was reminded why she never used this toilet and always held it until she was back in the Slytherin dungeons — this toilet was always marked as Out of Order, and for good reason, it seemed. "Oh!" Neville said abruptly. "Ah, hello, Myrtle." Hermione looked up to see the floating ghost of a girl not much older than herself — a fourth or fifth year, she would have guessed. She was dressed in what looked like an old-fashioned uniform, and she had dark, lank hair and thick pearly spectacles. "This is a girls' bathroom," Myrtle said, eyeing them suspiciously. "You're not girls." "Ah— no, we're not," Neville said. "We just— we thought we'd come and visit you? After Peeves was so mean to you when we met you at the Deathday party…" Hermione stared at the ghost, tuning out Neville and Harry working to assuage the ghost with their good intentions. Myrtle looked young, only maybe a few years older than Hermione, and as the implications sank in, Hermione slowly grew more and more horrified. "Myrtle," she said finally, interrupting Neville's assurance that her glasses looked fine on her. "Were you a student here when you died?" Myrtle gave Hermione a dark look. "Oh, that's funny," she said nastily. "Poor Myrtle died normally, but no one liked her, so she came back to haunt a toilet instead–" "I'm being serious," Hermione said sharply. "I'm a student at this school. If you died while at this school, forgive me if I'm a bit concerned about it." "Hermione?" Neville said, cautious. "If you had an accidental death, I understand that unfortunate things occur, but most people who return as ghosts died violently," Hermione went on. "If you were killed while in school, it is an outrage, and I want to know everything about it immediately to determine if I, myself, am still safe in a school that loses their students in such a way. So, I ask again," she said, drawing breath, "were you a student here when you died?" Myrtle stopped to look at Hermione closely. "Yes," she said finally. "I died here." "Here?" Hermione asked, astonished. "In this bathroom?" "Yes," said Myrtle. She sniffed. "I wouldn't have chosen to haunt a toilet, you know." "How did you die?" Harry asked. "Were you—were you attacked?" Hermione elbowed him sharply, but Myrtle looked flattered. "I was. It was dreadful," she told him with relish. "It happened right here. I remember it so well. I was hiding because Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasses. The door was locked and I was crying, and then I heard someone come in. They said something funny — a different language, I think, some made-up language. Anyway, what really got to me was that it was a boy speaking. So I unlocked the door, to tell him to go and use his own toilet, and then—" Myrtle swelled importantly, her face shining. "I died." "What?" Harry said. "How?" "No idea," Myrtle said. "I just remember seeing a pair of great, big, yellow eyes, and my whole body sort of seized up, and then I was floating away…" She refocused on Harry. "And then I came back again. I was determined to haunt Olive Hornby, you see. Oh, she was sorry she'd ever laughed at my glasses…" Seeing great, big, yellow eyes that caused you to die wasn't something that rang a bell for Hermione, but it definitely didn't sound like a tragic accident. It was possibly a case of tragic negligence, but still… "When did you die?" Hermione asked. "Right after exams," Myrtle told her. "1943." She sniffed. "I never ever got to see my marks—!" It was at this point Hermione observed the faded colors on Myrtle's uniform tie, the blue and bronze recognizable even when partially transparent. "That's awful," Hermione told her genuinely. "I'm so sorry." "Nobody even missed me," Myrtle announced, tearing up. "It took them hours to find my body. I should know — I was sitting here waiting for them to find me." "Because a toilet's the first place you look for someone missing," Ron muttered. Neville elbowed him sharply. "Ron!" he admonished, but Myrtle let out a wail. "Oh, you think it's funny, do you?" she cried. "Poor Moaning Myrtle, lost in a toilet, who no one missed enough to even look!" She gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned over, and dove head first into a toilet, splashing water all over the place. Harry, Ron, and Neville all flinched, while Hermione wisely hid behind Ron, the tallest of the boys. "So… she was a student here?" Neville ventured. "She was killed exactly fifty years ago," Harry said slowly, "by a monster. You don't think— do we know if she's Muggle-born?" "Not only was she a student here, but she was attacked and killed on campus," Hermione said vehemently. "Something like that had to have made the news back then." Ron groaned. "Does that mean we're going to the library?" Hermione gave him a look. "Well, if you'd rather entertain Moaning Myrtle all day…" Hermione never thought she'd seen Ron move quite that quickly to get to the library ever before.
Moaning Myrtle, also known as Myrtle Warren, had died on June 13th, 1943. The Daily Prophet covered the death, citing she had been attacked in a tragic accident by a loose monster on the grounds, and that the student responsible had been caught and expelled, but to protect the student from threats of harm, their identity would remain hidden. The rest of the article went on to detail how when Myrtle's family had come to retrieve the body, they hadn't been able to properly see the castle, instead seeing a mound of moldering ruins. When the caretaker had finally bodily dragged them past the wards and they were able to see the castle, they both kept insisting that they were forgetting an urgent appointment, and that they were desperately needed somewhere else. The article devolved into an argument about how Hogwarts ought to put in a system to allow the parents of Muggle-borns to visit the school without having the wards affect them, countered by the argument that muggles were still muggles and any exceptions made could become very dangerous. Hermione scanned the rest of the article before tossing it aside, highly annoyed. There was next to no actual information in the article, and the entire thing reeked of a cover-up. She handed the article to Harry, who read it over while Hermione scowled and sulked, her mind mulling things through to try and figure out what avenue to explore next. "A loose monster?" Harry said aloud, his eyebrows raising. "I suppose that's one way to put it." "It says they caught and expelled the student," Neville said, reading over Harry's shoulder. "But if that's true, why's it all happening again?" "It's probably something unrelated then, isn't it?" Ron said, toying with a scrap of parchment. "A loose monster could be anything — Care of Magical Creatures class gone wrong, mistakenly-enchanted pet rampaging. Could even just be 'Hagrid', really, with his penchant for monsters. He had a dragon last year, remember?" There was a pause. "Hagrid was expelled, wasn't he?" Harry asked. There was a poignant pause. Wide-eyed looks were exchanged. "He was," Neville said faintly. Hermione went running for the yearbooks while the boys broke out into animated hushed conversation. She returned shortly with the yearbooks for 1943 and 1944, and they flipped the one for 1943 open, crowding around. They found him, hidden amongst the third years. "Rubeus Hagrid," Harry read aloud. "Gryffindor." Ron whistled, sitting back. "He never mentioned he was in Gryffindor," he remarked. "You'd think he'd have said something by now, wouldn't you?" "He probably doesn't like to be reminded of being expelled," Neville said, looking uneasy. "I know I'd feel ashamed." Hermione was already cracking open the yearbook for 1944, searching. "He's gone in this one," she said, pushing it over. "He's not listed with the fourth years, or even with the third years, in case he got held back." Harry looked uneasy. "It could just be coincidence," he said. "Maybe more than one person got expelled that year." Ron scoffed. "Expulsion is rare, Harry. I doubt it." "Is anyone else missing?" Harry asked, ignoring Ron. Hermione leveled Harry with a look. "Yes," she said flatly. "Myrtle Warren." Harry winced. "Look," Hermione said, pushing the books over. "You can go ahead and double-check to make sure no one else is missing. But if there's no one else missing, you have to agree that it's most likely Hagrid's the one they're talking about in the article." "There's no way Hagrid would be the Heir of Slytherin, though," Harry protested. "That's not what we're saying, mate," Ron said. "We're saying Hagrid's the one who was blamed for it. Which means he might have information on who actually did it." Harry perked up a bit at that, and together they scanned the books, calling out different names to each other to cross-check. "These photos all look funny," Ron said, tilting a book. "They're autochrome," Hermione said automatically. "Color photography was different back then. Do you have Julia Norma?" "Do you just know everything?" Ron demanded. "Got Julia Norma," Neville said, ignoring Ron. "Alcina Pteryson?" Harry asked. "Got her." They went through the entire book, comparing names. As they went through, Hermione kept a careful eye on the Slytherins of each year. If it had truly been an instance of the Chamber being opened fifty years prior, the Heir of Slytherin would be most likely to be in Slytherin. One of these students could be the culprit. Unfortunately, there were a lot of them, and though Hermione recognized many of the last names, they all started to blur together after a while. "That's it," Harry said grimly, closing the yearbook. "The only students missing are Myrtle and Hagrid." Hermione gave Harry a look, and Harry sighed. "We'll go down and visit Hagrid on the weekend, okay?" he said. "We'll do it Saturday." Hermione silently acquiesced. She'd want to put off confronting one of her friends about possible manslaughter, too.
A/N: This author's note will be deleted later. There are some new readers and couple concerns that have arisen. A few notes: 1. If you're using the FanFiction dot net app, I have no control over what stories are recommended under mine. Apparently some plagarized ones have appeared at the end of New Blood. I don't get to choose what's recommended; trawl through my favorites for fics I would recommend instead. 2. I read and cherish every review! It's such fun to see people's reactions to things as they go through the story. I don't respond to many reviews (unless you're signed in and ask a direct question), but do know that I appreciate them all. :) 3. I update at least once a week, but generally twice, on Tuesdays and Fridays. The rest of the week Hermione spent working ahead on her homework assignments, wanting to leave her weekend as clear as possible. She invited Luna to come and work with her in the old Charms classroom, and Luna happily took her up on it, though Hermione was surprised to see she brought a friend. "Hermione, this is Ginny Weasley," Luna said, smiling. "She's going to do homework with us today." Ginny looked confused and wary, while Luna beamed. Hermione blinked. "Pleased to see you again, Ginny," she said. "Ah— you need to catch up on homework too?" "No, not really," Ginny said, faltering. "I mean, I have homework, but I—" "You need to be here," Luna said firmly, tugging Ginny to sit down. Ginny looked surprised, her large eyes darting to Hermione, who shrugged. "If Luna says there's a reason, there's probably a reason," she said, offering a small smile. "Just probably not the one you'd expect." They worked together, Hermione helping the two first years with their Transfiguration essays as she wrote her own. Luna asked most of the questions, Ginny still seeming skittish and somewhat frightened to be hanging around an older Slytherin girl. Hermione tried not to let it bother her—with a brother like Ron, she'd have been surprised if Ginny wasn't skittish around her. As they all finished up with their Transfiguration essays, Hermione stuffed her scroll away and went to pull out her History textbook, only to slip and drop it. "Oh, bother…" She bent down to get it, noticing something odd and pausing, before grabbing it and sitting back up. She looked at Luna for a long moment, who was sucking on the end of her quill and looking over her Charms homework. "…Luna?" Luna looked up. "Yes?" "Why aren't you wearing any shoes?" "Oh," Luna said. "They went missing." There was a pause. "They went missing?" Hermione repeated. "Yes," Luna nodded. "Lots of my things have gone missing, lately. Nargles, I suspect." "Nargles," Hermione said flatly. She looked at Ginny sharply, who flinched. "Do you know any of these 'nargles'?" she asked. Ginny looked uneasy. "I don't know what a nargle is," she admitted. "But I know Sue Li and Lisa Turpin stole her hat last week." Hermione stood up abruptly. "Please excuse me," she said. "I find I forgot something. I'll be right back." She strode off, Luna giving her an absent wave while Ginny stared after her. Hermione could hear her pulse thundering in her head as she went directly to the Slytherin common room, eyes rapidly scanning the room. They settled on a figure playing chess over by the lake window, a small crowd watching, and she walked over. "Draco," she said. "We have a problem." Draco glanced up at her, then did a double-take at her expression. "What is it?" he asked. "What's wrong?" "Luna is being harassed by some older Ravenclaws," she told him. "You said she was under our protection." Draco looked uneasy, but Daphne gasped. "The Seer?" she said, her eyes wide. She looked pale. "Oh, no. This is bad. An upset Seer can prophesize doom and cause it to manifest. This is awful." Theo gave her a sideways look. "They can?" "We have to do something," Daphne pleaded with Draco. "We promised her our protection." Draco looked around. "We all promised her protection," he said finally. "Is everyone up for this?" "I'll get the others," Theo said, hurrying off. "I can't imagine Crabbe and Goyle will protest," Hermione said. "And I'd be seriously surprised if Blaise, Tracey, or Millie offered an objection." "What about Pansy?" Draco asked. Hermione turned to face Pansy, who had been sitting at the side silently, her arms crossed. As attention turned to her, she scowled. "Who's harassing her, anyway?" she asked, examining her nails. "Sue Li and Lisa Turpin," Hermione said. "Possibly a couple others. I don't have all their names yet." Pansy's eyes flashed. "Sue Li is the one who's always making snide comments about me looking like a pug," she said. She turned to Draco. "I would be happy to help 'protect' this Luna girl, Draco." As Theo returned with Blaise, Tracey, Millie, Greg, and Vince, Draco nodded. He turned to the newcomers. "As a group, we offered Luna Lovegood, the Seer, our protection," he said. "That protection has been challenged by a group of Ravenclaws. Do we stand together to make them rue the day they ever crossed us and ours?" There was a murmur of assent. "Follow me," Hermione directed, and she led them out of the common room and down the hall. If Ginny's eyes had been wide with one Slytherin working peacefully with her, they grew even larger at the sight of ten second-year snakes filtering into the room. All the Slytherins nodded to her politely, then ignored her, which Ginny seemed happy with, scooting her chair as far away from them as she could. Theo closed the door behind them all, silently instructing Vince and Greg to stand guard. "Miss Luna Lovegood," Draco pronounced. "It is my understanding that some students have decided to harass you. Is this correct?" Luna looked up at him. "Oh," she said. "Your hair is very pretty today. It's like mine." Draco looked thrown, and Blaise snickered from somewhere behind him. "Your things have been going missing, right?" Hermione gently prompted. "Your shoes, your hat?" "Yes..." Luna nodded. "What else has gone missing?" Daphne said, sinking into a chair next to Luna and offering her a kind hostess smile. "Maybe we can help you find your things." "Umm." Luna considered. "My shoes, most of my socks, my cloak, my hat, my green ink bottle…" As Luna began listing things, the list growing longer and longer and longer, it was as if the slowly-growing rage of Slytherin house was a palpable thing, hanging heavy in the air of the room. "—and my raddish earrings," Luna finished. "I think that's it." "Very good," Daphne said, nodding gently. "And who do you think might have taken your things?" Luna frowned. "You mean it wasn't the nargles?" "Sue Li and Lisa Turpin," Ginny volunteered suddenly. "They're in your year. In our year, Orla Quirke, Yutaka Amano, and Becky Arncliffe." "And they're all in Ravenclaw?" Daphne asked, looking at Ginny, who flinched under her gaze. "I think so," Ginny said. "But— I'm not a Ravenclaw, so it's only who I've seen teasing her and what I've overheard—" "That's enough." Draco stood. His face was dark with anger. "We put you under our protection, Lovegood," he said. "Do you know what that means?" Luna blinked up at him. "You'll help defend me from those who would do me harm?" "Something like that," Draco admitted. "But mostly, now… it means that those who have done you wrong will face our wrath." "Oh," Luna said. Her eyes brightened. "That sounds like fun." Hermione smiled in satisfaction as Slytherin house got down to planning, occasionally asking Luna or Ginny a question as they did. It was interesting to watch Ginny as they did. Her eyes were wide as she listened in on their brainstorming; first as they developed a plan to get Luna her things back, then as they made a plan to wreak vengeance on the culprits who had taken them in the first place. Hermione suspected that while Ginny had heard people make plots before (she was sister to the Weasley Twins, after all, and crazy plotting seemed to be a hobby in Gryffindor), the viciousness of the Slytherin methods was probably catching her off-guard. "Then that's what we'll do," Draco said, sitting back. "Are we all agreed?" A murmur of assent went up from their little contingent, and Draco nodded. "Then we'll launch our plan soon," he said. "Part one will go into effect as soon as possible. Part two as soon as we can." He glanced to Theo and Hermione. "How long will that be?" Hermione considered. "Probably a month or two," she admitted. "We'll need to check." "Are we okay with waiting a month?" Daphne said, looking worried. "That's quite a period of time to lapse." "We can teach Luna some basic defensive spells in the meantime," Blaise suggested. "But this is a good plan. It'll get them back good, this plan." "Then it's settled." Draco looked up, his eyes settling onto Ginny, who shrank back. He looked disgusted, but he stood up and offered her a short bow. "Miss Ginevra Weasley, if I'm not mistaken," he said. "A pleasure to formally make your acquaintance. I am Draco Malfoy." "A pleasure," Ginny said automatically. "My brothers say you're evil." Draco rolled his eyes. "And I suppose they say all Slytherins are evil and scummy and to be avoided at all costs, too?" Ginny flushed a brilliant red. "Errr…" Draco waved her off. "Regardless. Ginevra, I need your word that you will not breathe a word of what was discussed here today with anyone not present here in this room." Ginny looked outraged. "I wouldn't tattle on you!" she said fiercely. "Luna is my friend!" "Good," Draco said. "Then it shouldn't trouble you to give your word, should it?" Scowling, Ginny withdrew her wand, and Hermione watched as she made a vow to never speak, write, or communicate in any way of what she had heard to anyone not currently present in the room. A curl of gold came from her wand as she did, disappearing in a flash, and Draco nodded in satisfaction. "At least one Weasley knows how to do things right," he said. He looked down at her, then to Hermione. "Is everything good, now?" "It is," Hermione told him. "Good." The Slytherins filed out of the room one by one, with Blaise, Tracey, and Millie lingering behind. "I understand you started your History essay without us, Hermione," Blaise pouted. "I'm hurt." They began setting up their own study materials at the table, and Hermione watched in amusement as Ginny stared at them with suspicion, looking to Luna and her relaxed manner, before gradually untensing her body and focusing on her work once more. By the end of the study session, everyone had their essays done, Millie and Ginny had gotten thoroughly sidetracked in a discussion about the World Cup, and Blaise had made Ginny blush a brilliant red no less than three times through his shameless flirting. All in all, it was a good study session, Hermione considered, looking out over her friends and Ginny, who was now flustered and arguing with Tracey about something or other. She highly doubted Ginny would become a regular participant in such activities, but Luna's words lingered in her mind. For whatever reason, Ginny had needed to be here today. Hermione would just have to have faith that whatever Ginny needed to have happen had occurred and hope for the best.
"I still don't see why we couldn't just ask Snape," Theo complained as they walked to class. "We need to give Professor Snape plausible deniability," Hermione argued. "If you insist…" Theo sniffed. "If this doesn't work, though, we're doing it my way this afternoon." "It'll work," Hermione assured him, tossing her hair. "Just watch." Defense Against the Dark Arts was a joke, as usual. Hermione got a sort of perverse enjoyment out of watching Harry act like a werewolf. She'd asked him to go along with Lockhart today, but neither of them had expected he'd have to get down on all fours and howl. She winced as Lockhart physically pounced on Harry, holding him down and instructing him to "moan piteously", but luckily class ended shortly thereafter. "Homework – compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the best one!" "We already had to buy that book," Ron groused, helping Harry to his feet and out of the room. "What's the point in winning another one?" Harry gave Hermione an annoyed, resigned look as he hobbled from the room, and Hermione shot him a sheepish, grateful smile. She lingered as the classroom emptied out, Theo standing in the back of the room, arms folded. "Err – Professor Lockhart?" Hermione said. She attempted to sound nervous and breathless – flattering his celebrity would only work in her favor. "I wanted to – to get this book out of the library. Just for background reading." She held out a piece of paper. "But the thing is, it's in the Restricted Section of the library, so I need a teacher to sign for it – I'm sure it would help me understand what you say in Gadding with Ghouls about slow-acting venoms–" "Ah, Gadding with Ghouls!" Lockhart said, taking the slip of parchment from Hermione and offering her a wide grin. "Possibly my very favorite book. You enjoyed it?" "Oh, yes," Hermione enthused, wracking her brain for details. "So clever, the way you trapped that last one with – err – with a tea strainer—" "Well, I'm sure no one will mind me giving the best student of the year a little extra help," he said warmly, pulling out an enormous peacock quill. He scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note and handed it back to Hermione. "I look forward to seeing your poem!" In the hallway, Hermione shot Theo a smug look. "I can't believe it," Theo said. "He didn't even look at the book you wanted." "Did you think he would care what it was?" Hermione said, smirking. "It was an opportunity for him to sign something." Even Theo cracked a smirk at that. Madam Pince looked at Hermione suspiciously when she approached. Hermione offered her the note wordlessly, and the librarian took the note and examined it, holding it up to the light as if detecting a forgery. The note apparently passed the test, and she stalked away into the Restricted Section, returning a few minutes later carrying a large and moldy-looking book. "The older students use that one from time to time," Madam Pince informed her, fixing her piercing eyes on Hermione. "No renewing that one for months on end this time, got it?" Hermione flushed. "I understand." She and Theo retreated to the dungeons before finally opening the book in the common room, taking advantage of the break before Potions in the afternoon. Draco, Blaise, and Tracey wandered over, curious. "You got Most Potente Potions?" Tracey said, impressed. "Really?" Theo snorted. "Lockhart would sign anything that stood still long enough." "Some of these look incredibly nasty," Blaise remarked, looking at the illustrations as Hermione paged through. "Is that man inside out?" "Found it," Hermione said, stopping on the page headed The Polyjuice Potion. It was decorated with drawings of people halfway through transforming into other people, their faces grotesque and twisted with agony. "This looks complicated…" "Powdered horn of a bicorn? Shredded boomslang skin?" Theo looked grim. "That's not going to be easy to get." "Snape probably has it in his private stores," Draco remarked. "We could ask him." "Yes, and tell him what, Draco?" Hermione said, raising an eyebrow. "'Please, sir, give us these very rare and expensive ingredients without asking any questions'?" Draco flushed and muttered something under his breath, and Hermione turned back to the book. "This'll take about a month," she estimated. "We'll need fluxweed picked on the full moon and we'll have to stew the lacewing flies for twenty-one days." "Will Luna be okay for that long?" Tracey said, uneasy. "We'll make sure she's okay," Blaise assured her. "This is just for the intimidating overkill afterwards." Tracey winced but sighed. "Alright." "Let me borrow this," Draco said, tugging the book toward himself. "I'll give it back after class." Hermione shrugged. "Be my guest." Potions came later in the afternoon. Hermione and Theo spent the rest of the break searching for a home base of operations. They had found an abandoned Potions classroom deep in the dungeons they could use to brew in if they set up the right privacy spells, which they were quietly arguing about as they walked to class. "It would be the most secure!" Hermione argued. "No one unauthorized could enter at all, then!" "I would rather us be caught brewing a forbidden potion than caught using forbidden blood magic!" Theo hissed. "Are you mad?" Hermione sniffed. "It's not forbidden. It's just… extremely looked down upon." "So is the potion," Theo pointed out. "It's not forbidden. It's just not expected for second years to try and brew it." Hermione made a face but let him have the point. Potions class itself was unusual. Snape was having them brew an odd, unnamed potion that seemed, from Hermione's assessment, like it would be best used as a sort of magical torch fuel. As a result, the potions were all extremely incendiary, and it seemed like the smallest of deviations caused fires and explosions. There were several during the class, mostly on the Gryffindor side of the room, and Theo and Hermione watched with astonishment as Snape swept around them, making cutting and cruel remarks. "Why'd he assign this potion?" Hermione wanted to know. "It isn't even in the book." "He's enjoying this," Theo said quietly. "Watch his eyes when he scolds the next one." Hermione watched as Snape descended on Seamus and Dean with relish, his eyes glittering. As he looked away, he shot a dark glance back at another Gryffindor table, and realization struck Hermione. "It's Quidditch tomorrow," Hermione said, eyes wide. "He's hoping Harry and Ron blow themselves up." Incredibly, Theo began to laugh. "Oh, that's devious," he said. "Make Potter unable to play because of poor school work? That's grand." "Doesn't Slytherin already have incredible brooms that Lucius Malfoy bought or some such?" Hermione demanded. "Is jeopardizing everyone's health really necessary?" "Necessary, no. Fun? Yes," Theo said, smirking. "And yes – Mr. Malfoy was very pleased when his son got on the team as seeker as a second year. He wasn't expecting him to succeed in the tryouts, and Draco had apparently made a bet with him to outfit the entire team if he got on." "A bet? Hermione frowned. "What did Draco risk in the bet?" Theo cast her a sideways glance. "Does it matter? He won, after all." Hermione gnawed her lip but let the matter rest. When class finally ended, it was to great sighs of relief. Everyone began cleaning out their cauldrons and putting them away, many students' robes stained with the results of their exploded potions. "Professor Snape? Do you have a moment?" Hermione glanced up from putting away her potions kit to see Draco at the front of the room. Curious, she moved to the supply closet, ostensibly putting away extra supplies, but putting herself into prime eavesdropping location. "Yes, Mister Malfoy?" Draco lowered his voice, and Hermione could only just catch it over the bustle of the classroom. "I got this in a letter from my father," he said quietly. "He said to give it to you, and you'd be able to provide me with the necessary things." Hermione peeked between the hinges of the supply closet door to see Draco hand Snape a piece of parchment. Snape scanned it and looked up at Draco sharply. "Lucius Malfoy sent this to you to give to me?" he said. "Instead of sending it to me directly?" "He doesn't trust your mail." Draco shrugged, uneasy. "I think he thinks Dumbledore is watching who sends you owls." Snape gave Draco a long-searching look, before striding away in a billow of robes. Draco let out a breath of relief, his body releasing a bundle of bound-up tension, and he leaned slightly on Snape's desk as he waited. Hermione waited another moment to see if Snape returned, but he did not, and she made her way back to her desk to finish cleaning up and pack up her bag. Draco was still lingering by Snape's desk as she left, curiosity mounting. Theo was waiting for her, one eyebrow raised. Hermione filled him in quietly as they walked back to the Slytherin common room. "A letter from his father?" Theo said, contemplating. "It's possible. Lucius Malfoy's distrust of Dumbledore is legendary. I wonder why now, though?" "You don't think…" Hermione bit her lip. "You don't think it has anything to do with what all's been going on, do you?" "With the Heir of Slytherin, you mean?" Theo looked at her sideways. "The last time the Chamber was opened, it was long before Lucius' time at Hogwarts." "That's not exactly an answer," Hermione pointed out, and Theo shrugged. "I don't exactly know an answer, Hermione," he told her pointedly. "Your observations are probably not dissimilar to my own." Draco still had Most Potente Potions, so Hermione and Theo contented themselves with arguing over a way to protect their abandoned classroom. They finally agreed on a strong Notice-Me-Not charm. Theo was confident in his ability to bribe an older Slytherin into casting it for him without asking questions, and he'd have them key both their wands into the charm so it wouldn't affect him or Hermione. They were just discussing who was going to be the one to sneak out after curfew to pick the fluxweed when Draco loudly returned to the Common Room, holding a bundle wrapped tightly in white cloth, his eyes bright and smug. "There," he said with satisfaction, setting the bundle dramatically on the table. "Look." Giving him a skeptical look, Hermione carefully opened the bundle, not sure what to expect. But nothing jumped out at her – it was just a bunch of potions ingredients: knotgrass, leeches, fluxweed, lacewing flies… "Oh, you're brilliant," Hermione breathed, holding up a glass container of carefully-measured boomslang skin. "Brilliant, Draco." Draco flushed, pleased, and Theo began to laugh. "You got Snape to believe your father needed all these things?" he asked. "How did you forge a letter from Lucius?" "Dictation quill," Draco said, smirking. "My father would never leave his handwriting on anything that might be potentially incriminating, and Snape knows it." "This is brilliant," Hermione said, examining the powdered bicorn horn. "We can get started right away, now – no need to wait to pluck fluxweed after-hours." "I thought you didn't think asking Snape would work," Draco said slyly, and Hermione laughed. "I didn't," she said. "I didn't think of asking for someone else as a ways to get what we needed." "Ah, Hermione," Draco said, smirking, his eyes alight. "You're powerful and clever, but you have a lot to learn still about Slytherin cunning." Hermione rolled her eyes, but she offered him a slight half-smirk. "I suppose I do," she admitted. "I suppose I do."
Saturday dawned stormy and muggy, and Hermione was reluctant to allow Tracey to drag her along to Quidditch. "It's Slytherin versus Gryffindor!" she insisted. "If there's one match you can't miss, it's this one!" Hermione spent breakfast wondering who she'd rather win – Slytherin, or Gryffindor. Slytherin would win, she was hoping, but practically speaking, wouldn't Harry and Hagrid both be in a better mood to discuss Hagrid's expulsion after the game if Harry won? She resolved that she'd cheer for Slytherin, regardless of what would be better. It's not like cheering for a team did much of anything, and she'd have been lynched for daring to consider cheering for Harry if anyone in Slytherin knew. At eleven o'clock, the whole school started to make its way down to the Quidditch stadium, Gryffindor and Slytherin players peeling off to head for the locker rooms. "Good luck, Draco!" Pansy called out after him as he pulled away, and Draco raised a half-hearted hand at her cheer as he headed off. "Is it just me, or does Malfoy seem reluctant to put up with Pansy lately?" Millie asked. Tracey snorted. "Can you blame him?" "He always used to put up with it, though," Blaise mused. "He liked the attention, even if she is a clingy fright." "When did it change, do you think?" Hermione asked. "Do you think around Pansy's troll blood incident?" Millie considered. "Maybe…?" The stadium was already roaring with noise by the time they arrived and took their seats. When the teams walked out onto the pitch, the cheers and boos were deafening. Flint and Wood were asked to shake hands, and it looked like they were silently trying to strangle the other's hand. The players mounted their brooms, waiting for their signal. "Tell me," Blaise murmured to Hermione. "Honestly — who do you think is going to win?" Hermione bit her lip, before admitting, "Gryffindor." Blaise gave her a look. "Even with Slytherin on Nimbus 2001's?" "We've got the better brooms, but they've got the better players," Hermione said quietly. "And Harry's a Quidditch prodigy. I can't imagine him losing a match that he's able to play." Blaise rolled his eyes but turned away, and the whistle blew. The match started fast, and it was vicious. Already the Slytherin Chasers were fighting fairly dirty, cobbing wherever they could get away with it where Madam Hooch wouldn't see. They scored three goals fairly quickly before Hermione realized something odd was going on. Harry was circling overhead, as usual, looking for the Snitch, but Fred and George Weasley were also flying high, looking furious as they swung their Beater's bats around. "Is that Bludger chasing Harry?" Hermione said, incredulous. "Is it only going after him?" Tracey turned to look. "Oh my…" It was. The Bludger was only going after Harry, reversing course and trying its best to knock Harry off his broom. It had started raining, and Fred and George were so close to Harry to fend it off that it was a miracle they hadn't already crashed. A moment later there was a whistle as Oliver Wood called a time out, and the Gryffindor team landed and huddled on the ground, the Slytherin team jeering. There looked to be fierce arguing on the ground, and Hermione bit her lip. "They're going to have to call for an inquiry," Tracey said. "There's no way that Bludger wasn't tampered with." "They won't," Hermione said, certain. "They'd have to forfeit the match to stop it in the middle, and there's no way Harry is going to risk that. He'd rather risk the Bludger than risk losing the match." "Are you serious?" Blaise snorted. "Twisted priorities, that one's got." Hermione shrugged. "I'm not disagreeing." The game resumed, the Gryffindor Beaters staying lower to the pitch now, playing with the one normal Bludger, now. Harry was on his own with the rogue Bludger, zigzagging and spiraling to dodge it as it came after him again and again. It was more obvious than ever that something was decidedly up as Harry swooped and rolled to avoid getting hit, and Hermione gnawed on her lip as she watched him, anxious. "Oh, no," Blaise groaned from next to him. "Malfoy, don't…" Hermione watched as Draco flew by Harry, obviously yelling something at him as Harry had to do a stupid-looking sort of twirl in midair to avoid the Bludger. Draco was laughing, and Harry hung in the air a long moment, glaring at Draco. He stayed still too long — Hermione watched as the Bludger smashed into his arm, and there was a sickening "ooh" from the crowd. A moment later, though, Harry dodged it coming at him again and sped directly toward Draco, his face fierce, and Draco went careening out of Harry's way. "Is Potter attacking him?" Blaise said, aghast. "There's no way that's—" "No," Hermione said as the whistle blew. "The Snitch. It was right behind Draco — he never even saw." Incredibly, Blaise began to snicker as the Gryffindors cheered. "Flint is not going to be happy about this," Blaise said with relish. He didn't seem torn up about Slytherin's loss at all. "Oh, Malfoy is not going to get off easy for this one." Harry landed and collapsed on the ground in a dead faint, and Hermione stood to hurry through the stands to get to Harry. The crowds were thick, and by the time Hermione made it to the bottom of the stands and slipped out, Harry had been moved to the side of the field, still unconscious in the rain. "I can help!" Lockhart was saying, waving his arms around. "When I was fighting the Wagga Wagga Werewolf—" Hermione saw Harry shift and groan on the ground. "Oh, no, not you," he moaned, and Hermione snickered. "Doesn't know what he's saying!" Lockhart said loudly. "Not to worry, Harry—" Hermione didn't know how to mend bones — she hadn't learned healing charms that advanced. Instead, she went over to the Weasley twins, who were wrestling with the rogue Bludger, trying to get it into a box. It was still fighting them, trying to get to Harry. "Hermione!" George called. "A little help here!" Hermione withdrew her wand, before she paused and considered. "If I jinx it, and it's already been jinxed, it could explode," she said. "And that would be a bad thing, at this point?" Fred objected, struggling, and Hermione shrugged. "It depends. Do you want to be able to trace who jinxed it or not?" The Weasley Twins exchanged a glance. "Try this," Hermione said. "George, can you take off your Quidditch robes while Fred holds it down?" Following Hermione's instructions, the Weasley twins finally managed to capture the Bludger in George's muddy robes, swinging it around and twisting it into a bundle it couldn't struggle free from. "Finally." Fred gave the struggling bundle a dark look. "How do we track down who cursed it?" George said. "Is that even possible?" "Maybe?" Hermione said. "Probably? Hopefully? It'll require some investigation. Just keep the Bludger — everyone's too distracted to notice." Indeed, there was a ruckus near Harry, and as George stashed his robes under Fred's, Hermione went over just in time to see Lockhart twirl his wand at Harry's arm. Hermione watched in horror as Harry's arm seemed to deflate in front of her eyes, gasping along with the crowd. The Gryffindor first year was clicking away madly, taking photos. "Ah," said Lockhart. "Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the point is, the bones are no longer broken. That's the thing to bear in mind." "Professor, maybe he should get to the Hospital Wing?" Hermione suggested. She pushed through the throng of people to help Harry to his feet. He looked woozy. "An excellent idea, Miss Granger," Lockhart said, clapping his hands. "Madam Pomfrey will be able to— er— tidy him up a bit. Yes, please escort him… if you would excuse me…" Hermione could tell the moment Harry looked at his arm; he staggered in her arms. "What did he—" Harry breathed. "Hermione, I can't feel anything—" "He didn't mend your bones," Hermione told Harry. "He removed them." Harry looked horrified. "Let's be glad he at least was only aiming at your arm and not your chest, yes?" Hermione said pleasantly. "Now, Harry, if you stay still for just a moment — I just so happen to know a charm designed for moving bodies through the air…"
Hermione eventually got Harry to the Hospital Wing. She was mortified to have Harry flip upside-down by his ankle the first time she tried the Levicorpus charm, but the second time she managed it, guiding him carefully through the halls. "What kind of charm defaults to a prank charm?" Hermione despaired. Harry seemed kind of weakly amused by the entire thing. "You managed to make it work with the right intent the second time," he said. "So what's it matter?" "Yes, but just the flat casting of it without intentionally trying to modify the result…" Hermione shook her head. "What a ridiculous charm." Once they arrived, Madam Pomfrey was not amused. "You should have come straight to me!" she raged, holding up the sad, limp remainder of Harry's arm. "I can mend bones in a second — but growing them back—" "You will be able to, won't you?" Harry worried. "I'll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful," Madam Pomfrey said grimly. "You'll have to stay the night…" Hermione excused herself, wishing Harry a speedy recovery as she left so he could change. The entire Gryffindor Quidditch team was waiting outside the Hospital Wing with Ron and Neville, and Hermione offered them all a weak nod. "Give him a few more minutes," she advised. "He's changing and he's got to take Skele-Gro, first." "Fair enough," one of the Gryffindor Chasers said, shrugging and leaning against the wall. "That was incredible flying. The least we can do after he won us the match is wait." "Miss Slytherin," Fred said. He smirked. "There's a package waiting for you in the Ravenclaw common room." "The Ravenclaw common room?" Hermione said incredulously. "It's not like we could trust the Slytherins to leave it with them," George said lazily. "I don't want their scaly hands all over my Quidditch robes…" Hermione understood his meaning immediately. "Thanks," she said. "I'll be sure to pick that up soon." She swung by the library first, checking out few books on identifying jinxes and neutralizing them. Madam Pince seemed surprised to see anyone in the library on a Quidditch day, but she let Hermione check the books out easily enough. Hermione headed up to the Ravenclaw common room afterward, the eagle knocker blinking bronze eyes at her. "The more you take, the more you leave behind," it told her, and Hermione paused to consider. "Footsteps," she said after a moment, and the knocker nodded and pushed open the door. In the Ravenclaw common room students were studying in small groups scattered around the area. The view of the storm was incredible from their high windows, and Hermione felt a stab of jealousy for the open, airy beauty of their tower. "Hermione," Luna said happily, and Hermione turned. "We have a package for you!" Hermione headed over to Luna, who was sitting with Mandy Brocklehurst and Terry Boot, a large box on their table. "Hello," Hermione greeted them. "I'm glad you're here," Terry said. "The Weasley Twins left this with us. They said it was top secret, and that you would know what to do with it." "I'm not entirely sure what to do with it, but I'll certainly try," Hermione said, taking a seat. "It's the cursed Bludger that went after Harry." Terry's eyes widened. "Are you going to cast the counter-curse?" "If I can," Hermione shrugged. "More than that, I want to figure out who cursed it." "I don't think that's possible." Hermione turned to see Anthony Goldstein taking a seat next to her, giving her a wry grin. Michael Corner was with him, sitting at his right. "Why not?" Hermione asked. "Tracking magical signatures is a vague and iffy business," Anthony said. "Most research indicates it's not possible. The most you can generally get is a vague wand core signature, if even that." Hermione considered. "Let's un-jinx it first," she said finally. "Then we'll work on identifying the magic source behind it." When they opened the box, the Bludger inside was still struggling within the robes, but much less frantically. "Do you think Potter not being nearby has reduced its anger?" Terry asked. "I'd guess as much," Hermione said. "Maybe it'll be easier to tie down, now…" Michael Corner went running and returned with several belts. With a couple Extension Charms, they carefully belted the Bludger to the table, examining it as it struggled weakly under the leather. "I've never heard of a hex to target a Bludger at someone," Anthony said. "Quidditch equipment generally has a lot of anti-hexing charms on them." "That's true." Hermione frowned. "I wonder…" She cast Finite Incantantem at the Bludger, to no effect, and she smiled grimly. "Too strong?" Terry guessed. "The stronger the spell, the harder it is to dissipate—" "Oh, it wasn't too strong," Hermione said. "I could feel the spell settle. It's just not relevant, here." The Ravenclaws looked at her curiously. "What do you mean?" Mandy asked. "Finite Incantantem stops spells from working." "Exactly," Hermione said. "Which means this isn't a spell." Eyes widened in comprehension. "So what is this?" Terry breathed, examining the Bludger closely. "You think a targeting potion made with Potter's hair in it?" He sniffed it deeply. "It doesn't smell like a potion…" "It probably smells like mud," Michael Corner scoffed. "The Weasleys were wrestling with it on the ground for ages." Hermione considered. "Luna," she said finally. "Can you tell anything about its aura?" Luna blinked up at her. "I can try," she said. "I'll have to touch it, though." "Be careful," Hermione advised. Luna climbed onto the table, sitting down next to the Bludger. She laid her hand on it carefully, avoiding the belts. "Shh, shh," she whispered to the Bludger. "It's okay… you can stop fighting now… you've done so well…" They all watched on in astonishment as the Bludger stopped struggling under Luna's touch. Hermione had been expecting Luna to look at the Bludger and find a color, not talk to it as if it were a child. "It was a normal Bludger," Luna pronounced. "A geas was laid over it to hurt or maim Harry Potter recently." Hermione's eyes widened. "A geas? Not a compulsion charm?" Terry frowned. "What's the difference?" "A geas," Luna confirmed, petting the Bludger. "One from someone close to home." "Got it." Hermione bit her lip, considering. "Thanks, Luna." Luna continued petting the Bludger for a while, while Hermione turned to Terry. "A geas is a magical compulsion or curse, similar to the Imperius curse or a Compulsion charm," Hermione said. "But the difference is a geas is laid over an object or a person, not cast upon them." Terry looked at her blankly. "And...?" "Don't you get it?" Hermione said. "Wizards' magic is cast upon things. It's not witches or wizards that lay magic over things—it's other magical creatures who do." Anthony whistled. "So you think the goblins are after Potter?" "Goblins lay magic in things, generally, not over things," Hermione mused, reaching out to stroke the Bludger with a finger. "As far as I know, it's the elves who lay magic over things." "You think a House Elf bewitched this Bludger?" Terry said. "Really?" "Who knows?" Hermione said. Her finger caught on something on the Bludger, and she rubbed her finger over the rough patch, but it wouldn't come off. "I've no idea how to track elf magic, but it's a lead, at least." "Who all has House Elves they could instruct to do such a thing?" Mandy wondered, and the Ravenclaws began brainstorming as Hermione leaned closer, examining the Bludger's surface. There were markings scratched into the surface in one area. BD00458796X "We could ask the castle's elves if they've noticed any strange elves lurking around?" Michael was suggesting. "I don't know why you'd think they'd answer us honestly," Terry said. "They're more likely to band together to protect one of their own, aren't they?" "I have a better idea," Hermione announced. She shifted the weakly-struggling Bludger under its straps so the numbers on it were more evident. "What's that?" Mandy asked, peering. "It's a serial number." Hermione smiled. "Each one is entirely unique. This time, we'll track the culprit the Muggle way."
Hermione sent owls off that evening to the Quidditch shops in both Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade, inquiring about the serial number. She was hoping the Bludger was sold in the UK; she didn't know where to look otherwise. The next morning, Hermione got up early to visit Harry, only to be stopped and stonewalled by Professor McGongall at the door. "No one is allowed in, Miss Granger," she said sternly. "No one needs to go in and gawk at the poor boy." Hermione's mouth dropped open. "I'm not here to gawk at him," she objected. "I brought him some breakfast and a book." "Breakfast?" McGonagall frowned. "Yes...?" Hermione said, questioning. "I imagine regrowing bones would be hungry work…" "Oh!" Understanding lit the professor's eyes. "I see, I see. I had thought… but you're in Slytherin, aren't you? Of course…" She muttered to herself, frowning at Hermione, before giving her a sigh. "Go in and see Mr. Potter, then. He's in the bed on the left." She ushered Hermione through with a kind look in her eyes, leaving Hermione wondering exactly what was going on. She didn't have to wonder long — Harry was awake, sitting up, and his face crumpled with relief when he saw her. "Hermione!" he said, gesturing her forward. He lowered his voice. "You'll never believe what has happened…" Hermione shared her breakfast with Harry as he recounted the events of the previous night to her. "Petrified?" Hermione whispered, a cold shiver going through her. Harry nodded grimly. "Colin was frozen with his camera to his face," Harry said. "When they opened it to take out the film, it was melted." "And Dumbledore said it meant that the Chamber of Secrets is open again?" Hermione repeated. "Yes," Harry said. "He also said the question was not 'who,' but 'how,' too." Hermione's eyes widened. "That means he knows who did it the first time," she breathed. "Harry, Dumbledore knows who it is." "But then why isn't he doing anything?" Harry argued. "And 'how'? Maybe the Heir of Slytherin is dead, and Dumbledore doesn't know how it's being opened this time." Hermione bit her lip. "I don't know," she said. "But Harry — as soon as you're better, we need to talk to Hagrid." Harry looked reluctant, but he nodded. "As soon as we can," he agreed. "After I get the all-clear from Madame Pomfrey." "If not for that damned Bludger, we could have done it yesterday," Hermione groused, and Harry's eyes widened. "The Bludger! I can't believe I nearly forgot!" he said, clapping his good hand to his forehead. "Hermione, listen: last night, I had a visitor…" Hermione listened in astonishment as Harry recounted the story of a House Elf's visit to him in the middle of the night. "He wanted me to miss the train," he said vehemently. "He closed the barrier. And he said that it was his Bludger, too. He's trying to get me to go home, to save my life." "This 'Dobby' is the one who got you in trouble at your uncle and aunt's?" Hermione frowned. "You've met him before?" "Yes," Harry said. "But listen — he said that the Chamber of Secrets was open once more, and that history was about to repeat itself. He kept going on about how Dark deeds were planned, and how I needed to go home to be safe." "I believe him about the Bludger," Hermione said with a sigh. "Luna and I figured out yesterday that it was an elf who laid an enchantment on the Bludger to go after you. I just didn't know which elf, or how to track a particular one down. But this business about the elf knowing in advance about this Chamber of Secrets business… this doesn't bode well." "His owner must be the one behind it!" Harry said. "We just have to figure out whose he is." "That's not likely to be easy," Hermione warned. "I highly doubt the testimony of a House Elf would be admissible as evidence, at any rate." Harry deflated at that. "I guess…" "We'll talk to Hagrid as soon as you're better," Hermione said decisively. "If you get out of the way, that might be sooner than you thought, Miss Granger," Madame Pomfrey said, bustling over. She examined Harry's new arm, bending and stretching the arms and fingers. "All in order," she said, fixing him with a discerning look. "When you've finished eating, you may leave." Hermione had never seen Harry eat so fast before. Harry wanted to get Ron and Neville from the Gryffindor common room before heading to Hagrid's. "They might think of something we wouldn't," he argued. "Besides, we originally had all said we'd go together." Hermione had acquiesced on the condition Harry got them now, and it was with a curious Neville and still-eating Ron that they headed down to Hagrid's hut, Harry briefing them on the way. "I can't believe the monster got Colin," Ron said, munching on a muffin. "He's so harmless." "He's Muggle-born, though," Neville said, uneasy. "And he was out alone after hours." Luna's warning of don't go anywhere alone echoed through Hermione's mind, but she bit her lip and kept quiet. "He's a Muggle-born?" Hermione said instead. "How do you know that?" Ron gave her a confused look. "He told us?" he said. "He was excited about sending his parents photos that moved. Muggle photos don't move, he said, and he thought they'd think they were fun." Life in Gryffindor was so staggeringly different from life in Slytherin that it boggled Hermione at times. She could never imagine mentioning her Muggle parents just casually in the Slytherin common room. She often pretended her parents didn't exist in front of her classmates. Even Tracey never mentioned her Muggle father, and she was a halfblood. "Okay," Harry said, pausing on Hagrid's stoop. He leveled them all with sharp looks. "This is going to be hard and awkward and painful as it is. Let's try to be nice about it and give Hagrid the benefit of the doubt, okay?" "Sure, mate," Ron said, bewildered. "It's not like any of us think Hagrid is actually the Heir of Slytherin, here." "Still," Harry said. "Be nice." He knocked sharply on Hagrid's door, which creaked open a minute later. "Harry!" Hagrid exclaimed. "Good ter see you! And Ron an' Neville too! And 'ermione, right? The Slytherin one? Come on in! Just put the kettle on…" They filed into Hagrid's hut, settling around the table as Hagrid made tea and played host. "I got some rock cakes that I made not too long ago here — got them somewhere here—" Hermione gave Harry a look, who ignored it. Instead, Harry asked Hagrid how he'd been, and engaged in perfectly polite small talk with him about classes and Quidditch for the better part of a quarter of an hour. Intellectually, Hermione knew the purpose of doing so here — it put Hagrid at ease, made him feel like he was amongst trusted friends, and would make him more likely to open up when they did start asking questions. Emotionally, though, Hermione was having a hard time not getting annoyed. This was one time she would have preferred the usual Gryffindor bluntness — go in and demand to know what was going on. Harry had a Slytherin streak of his own at times, though, and since Hagrid was his friend, she had to follow his lead. But Hermione would have preferred outright intimidation. Hagrid could make pointless small talk for hours. After Ron and Harry whined about the Slytherins' new brooms for a while, Hermione cleared her throat pointedly, causing Harry to flush and sit up, remembering himself. "Right," he said, rubbing his head. "Anyway, Hagrid, after Quidditch yesterday when I was in the Hospital Wing…" He relayed the story of Colin Creevey being found on the stairs and what happened when his camera was opened. Hermione watched Hagrid closely. Hagrid looked confused and then pale, his hands holding his tea cup trembling somewhat. "Do you know anything about the Chamber of Secrets, Hagrid?" Ron asked. "They say it's been open before." "If Dumbledore says it's been opened before, it probably has," Hagrid equivocated. "Nothin' much gets past Dumbledore." "Were you there when it was opened before?" Harry asked. "You've been at Hogwarts so long." Hagrid shifted uneasily. "I wouldn't know nothin' 'bout that—" His lies hung heavy in the air, and Hermione gave Harry a dark look. "Are you sure, Hagrid?" Harry pushed. "You never heard any rumors—" "We know you were expelled for the death of Myrtle Warren," Hermione interrupted. There was immediate, shocked silence following her pronouncement. Hermione carefully surveyed her companions. Ron was glaring at her, but Hermione raised her eyebrows and moved on, uncaring. Neville looked shocked and uneasy, while Harry merely looked exasperated and resigned, whereas Hagrid… She blinked. Hagrid had gone pale — dangerously pale, as if he were about to faint or had hypothermia. His hand was shaking so badly he was sloshing his tea all over his lap, but he didn't seem to notice the scalding hot liquid seeping through his pants in the slightest. Instead, his eyes were on her, large and afraid. It was odd, to realize that such a large man was afraid of her, all because of something she knew. Well, she mused, they did say 'Knowledge is Power,' after all. "We know you were blamed and expelled for her death," Hermione said. "We know you were found with a monster, and they blamed her death on it." "But we know you didn't mean it, Hagrid!" Ron butted in. "We know it was an accident, and that it wasn't supposed to happen—" "I DIDN'T DO IT!" Hagrid roared. His tea cup shattered in his hand, and Hagrid had gone from pale and frightened to ruddy and flushed with rage. "Them lyin' bunch o' snakes, they said it were Aragog who killed tha' poor girl, but it wasn't him," Hagrid said angrily. "They kicked me outta school, even tho' they all knew it wasn't me that did it." "Aragog?" Harry repeated. "What's Aragog?" "He was my pet, back in school," Hagrid said petulantly. "An' he was harmless. Sweet thing, he was. Wouldn'ta hurt a fly." "What type of creature was he?" Neville asked. "Acromantula," Hagrid said. Hermione gaped at him. "You had an acromantula inside the castle?!" "He was jus' a baby!" Hagrid objected. The boys exchanged a confused look. "What's an acromantula?" Harry asked. "Oh," Hagrid said. "Giant spider. They get real big when they're grown, maybe the size o' a large horse? Can get up to fifteen foot in leg span, I think. But when I had him, he was just a titchy little thing, on'y about three, four foot in leg span then…" Ron looked horrified. "'Wouldn't have hurt a fly' indeed…" he muttered. "What color were his eyes, Hagrid?" Hermione asked. "Err," Hagrid said. "Black, I think? Spider-colored. They kinda glint in the light." "You still have him?!" Ron shot to his feet. He looked around wildly. "Where? Where? I'm not staying around here if there's a giant spider—" "No, no, it's alright! He's deep in the forest!" Hagrid protested, looking alarmed. "He ran away after we got caught — he's been hiding out there for years, now!" Hermione looked over at Harry. "Black eyes," she said simply. "Not yellow." Harry took a deep breath and seemed to relax. "Hagrid," he said. "We know Aragog didn't kill anyone. We believe you." Hagrid stopped trying to calm down Ron, who was perched on top of the sofa and looking wildly around the room for giant spiders. Hagrid looked confused. "Yeh do?" he asked. "We do," Harry said patiently. "We know it wasn't you. You were framed." "O' course I was framed!" Hagrid said loudly. "Like Aragog ever coulda killed anybody…" Hermione very carefully did not mention the amount of venom acromantulas could produce, nor how virulent of a neurotoxin it was. "How were you framed, Hagrid?" she asked instead. "Who caught you?" Hagrid scrunched his face up. "Ah, it was one o' the Slytherin prefects a' the time," Hagrid said. "I was tryin' to sneak Aragog outta the castle — he was going nuts, running around squealing all the time. I think he was scared o' the monster himself — anyway, I was tryin' ter sneak him outta there, and a prefect caught me. Said he'd have to take me in, that someone had died, that he couldn't turn a blind eye any longer." Hagrid winced and looked down. "I shouldnta had Aragog in the castle at all," he said, somewhat miserably. "If I'da just tried to raise him outside behind the green houses instead… Dumbledore tried to defend me, but Dippet said I had to go…" Neville made a half-hearted attempt at comforting Hagrid over his lost monster pet, but Hermione tuned them out, dwelling on Hagrid's words. Something wasn't adding up. Hagrid had been in Gryffindor. No Slytherin prefect would ever turn a blind eye to something a Gryffindor did unless they had a good reason as to why. For a prefect to know Hagrid had a monster, and not say anything until it suited them… "Hagrid," Hermione said. "Do you remember the name of the prefect who caught you?" Hagrid turned to look at her, wrenching his face up. "Err, somethin' borin'," he said. "It weren't a pureblood name, I remember, 'cause I had that thought, in case he were the heir o' Slytherin…" "What was it?" Hermione pushed. "Think back to that night. You're sneaking out of the castle, lugging Aragog in his cage, and a Slytherin prefect steps out of the shadows to stop you. What was his name?" "Err…" Hagrid said. "...Tom, I think? Maybe Tim? I don' remember a last name — it was fifty years ago, realize." It was something, at least, Hermione conceded. It was at least enough to have a starting point. "When this happened last time, Hagrid? Was it the same?" Neville asked. "Did people get petrified?" "Yeah, one," Hagrid said. "A Hufflepuff boy was found petrified in the dungeons. He was practicin' potions — found with his potion all knocked over on the floor, all silvery an' glittering. They eventually woke him up, but he'd hit his head or summat, an' he didn't remember what had attacked him." "How did people know the Chamber of Secrets had been opened?" Harry pushed. "Did someone write it on the wall in blood?" "I dunno," Hagrid said. "I just remember everyone sorta knowin' about it. The Slytherins were all whisperin' about it being reopened. I didn't pay that much attention to what was goin' on…" He frowned. "Wish I had. Coulda defended myself better if I had." Harry and Neville reassured Hagrid that he would have had no way of possibly knowing he would be blamed for it and not to be too hard on himself. Gradually Hagrid started to cheer up a bit, and they thanked him for his help and gathered themselves up to leave. Hermione gave Hagrid an evaluating look as Harry gave him a hug. "Hagrid," she said, and the giant man looked to her, blinking. "Yes?" "I know you say Dumbledore believes you, but if these attacks keep happening, eventually it won't be up to Dumbledore anymore," she said. "If you were blamed before, you're the first one they'll lay the blame on this time and come for." Hagrid's eyes grew large. "Come for me?" he rasped. "You don' think — not Azkaban...?" "If I were you," Hermione said, "I'd have an escape plan ready."
Although Lockhart's class remained Hermione's least favorite, History of Magic was a close second. Binns' droning on and on was entirely useless and bored her to tears. She spent the class generally reading something entirely unrelated in the back or practicing complicated Transfigurations on her desk. Binns' ineptitude was a frequent cause of frustration in the Slytherin common room. Not only was his class boring, but he didn't cover any new history – nothing from the 20th century at all, if the seventh years were to be believed. Slytherins as a whole were very annoyed by this. If their classmates learned the truth about the rise of Voldemort, they felt, and how everyone had been terrified and scared, how it hadn't only been Slytherins who became Death Eaters, then they wouldn't be treated so unfairly by the other houses. But without the topic being formally covered in the curriculum, the only facts their classmates tended to learn was byword of mouth from their parents, most of whom didn't convey complete and accurate information. Hermione had seen from Muggle history how important it was to know your history, lest you be doomed to repeat it. And Hogwarts not teaching the history of the world's most recent Dark wizard seemed to bode poorly, almost like a bad omen hanging over them all. Binns' class today was on one of the goblin rebellions again – this time, wizards had seized a gold mine under goblin control, and then seemed surprised when the goblins weren't okay with that. That wasn't how Binns was spinning the story, of course – the wizards were the hero in his version, who fought off the greedy and jealous goblins – but Hermione could read between the lines. She tuned him out and pulled out the 1943 yearbook that she'd checked out from the library, idly paging through it and looking for clues. Harry and the others hadn't wanted to go back to the library, and she'd had too much homework left to get ahead on to really look at it yet. Binns' class was as good as any. Myrtle Warren had been in her 5th year when she died, just after her O.W.L. exams. Hermione sighed, looking at her picture. It was tragic. Her eyes scanned the page, taking in Myrtle's classmates absently and lingering over the Slytherins before she paused over a photo of a particularly good-looking boy. Tom Marvolo Riddle, the picture caption read. She considered. Hagrid had said the prefect had been called Tom, hadn't he? She flipped to the front of the book, scanning. There, with the photos of clubs and the like – there was a photo of all the prefects together. There weren't names under the photo, save for the Head Girl and Head Boy, but there was a mess of around two dozen people all crowded together. Hermione peered down carefully, scanning for green-tinted ties until she found the good-looking boy from before. She flipped back to the 5th years to double check. Tom Riddle had been a prefect in his 5th year, the same year as Myrtle. It was probably him who had run into Hagrid, Hermione surmised. To be sure, she checked the 6th and 7th years for other boys named 'Tom'. She found one other possibility, a 6th year called Thomas Casper, but he wasn't in the photo with the prefects. So. Tom Marvolo Riddle, she mused. Who was he? Hermione absently sketched his name at the top of a sheet of paper, idly writing down things she knew as her mind wandered. Tom Marvolo Riddle Possible Heir of Slytherin? Facts: • 5th year Slytherin prefect • Caught Hagrid with acromantula, knew about it in advance • Students had rumors of the Chamber of Secrets being opened • One student petrified in 1943, one student died • This year: one student petrified and one cat petrified ○ Can cats be Muggle-born? • Monster has glowing yellow eyes She trailed off. That was all she really knew, wasn't it? She gnawed at her quill as she considered, doodling a giant spider in the top margin of her parchment, hovering ominously over Tom Riddle's name. She added large hairy legs to cage in his name, so the words couldn't escape, and drew giant fangs dripping with venom and way too many eyes. She smirked at her drawing, before adding a crude drawing of Ron running away, fleeing to the safety of the side margin. The bell rang, and everyone began gathering up their things. Hermione hurriedly grabbed her parchment to stuff into her bag before stopping short, staring at it. "You okay, Hermione?" Hermione glanced over her shoulder at Blaise, who was raising an eyebrow at her. "Yeah, I'm fine," she told him. "I'll be along in a minute." Blaise shrugged and left, and Hermione waited until Binns had disappeared through the blackboard and the classroom was empty to pull her parchment back out, smoothing it out on the desk, examining it. One of the legs from the acromantula that had caged in Tom Riddle's name had landed in the thin space between his middle and last name. As she'd shoved it into her bag and it folded, her eyes for a moment had read "Marvold" instead of "Marvolo". Marvolo was a very unusual name, wasn't it? And even if it was just a hunch... Well, it was worth examining, wasn't it? Hermione carefully penned Tom Marvolo Riddle in the middle of her page once again, before beginning to cross out letters. Tom Marvolo Riddle /om /a/ Ri/dl/ Voldemort You could get 'Voldemort' out of his name, she realized. She wasn't just imagining things. Hermione rewrote the letters she had left underneath, sucking on the end of her quill. OM A RIDL This time she paused for a long moment, rearranging things. OMARIDL IROAMDL AMORDIL IAMORDL LORDMIA She stopped. /m /a/ /i/ Lord Voldemort Then, all that was left… / / / I am Lord Voldemort Hermione stared at the parchment for a long moment. Part of her felt it was too easy. It almost left her incredulous – anagrams of names were something out fiction books, not something people actually did. Hermione had read Carmilla and The Last Vampire one summer, where the idea that vampires just rearranged the letters in their names each 'lifetime' they lived was a prevalent one, and 'Alucard' had been the most obvious alias for 'Dracula' she had ever seen. She remembered it in particular because she'd been ten at the time, and she had spent the afternoon trying to come up with her own new vampire name, to no particular success ('Imogene H.R. Ranger' and 'Germaine Rhonger' had been her best options, neither of which she had particularly liked). But for Lord Voldemort to do the same thing? Well, Hermione thought. If he was only a fifth year when he came up with this name… As far as names went, it was pretty good, too. She was pretty sure 'Voldemort' meant 'flight of death' or something similar in French, which seemed pretty solid for a Dark Lord-type name. But still… She looked at her parchment, musing. If Tom Riddle was Lord Voldemort… Well. That would certainly clear up Dumbledore's ambiguous statement of "The question is not who, but how" nicely, too.
