An: This story has been posted BY ME onto webnovel under the name Aryan_Mathur. An: In this story, I'll be loosely following canon, but instead of luck, Harry will use his intelligence to get out of situations. He will be stronger than canon but not enough that he can be counted as 'op', at least not to an extent where Voldemort becomes a non-issue. This will be a humorous fic, to an extent and will exploit, to an extent, the lack of common sense that wizards have. I don't want to think of this as a crack-fic cuz its not, but you can think what you want of it. PS: I will be updating the Wizarding Bat, I've got about 900ish words of the chapter done but I'm trying to finish it. An2: So this story is now over two and a half years old. My writing has improved a LOT in that time. A very large part thanks to this very story, which was one of my first long narrative endeavours, and all of the amazing reviews and ideas I got for it. Also thanks to me becoming friends with some actually amazing writers, and NaNoWriMo and being an English HL student (in the IB). All in all, my writing has become a lot better, more serious, less stupid. This story gets a lot better, and a lot different. If you think I skip over too much, or some of my word choices are a bit dumb or something like that, I think you MIGHT want to give this story a chance nonetheless. Of course, if you don't feel like putting up with a lot of the first half of this story being very meh, then that's your prerogative, I'm sure you have a lot of better stuff to read on FFNet than the best that my writing has to offer. This is just me saying that this fic gets better. *** One day in Harry's school library, when Harry is 8. Harry closed the lid on his latest book, another one from the fantasy genre. It was reasonably well written but the protagonist of the book made it through the entire story entirely on his good luck and a bunch of flukes. From his own experience, Harry knew that luck had never been on his side. At that moment he decided that he wouldn't rely on luck to solve his problems but then came across the next dilemma. How would he solve his problems? The Dursleys' malnourishment of him meant that he wouldn't be becoming particularly strong anytime in the near future. He had to become smart, beyond the norm and talk his way through life. That would be the only way he could survive. *** Privet Drive, when harry is 11 "Fetch the mail, boy." Vernon ordered Harry. Harry silently went and retrieved the mail, flicking through all of the letters quickly, while walking back to the dining room. He stopped dead in his tracks at the last letter. Mr. Harry J Potter Cupboard under the stairs, Privet Drive, Surrey There was a letter for him! He had never received a letter before, and he knew that Vernon would never let him read it if he ever saw the letter. On his way to the dining room, Harry slid the letter into his cupboard before reaching the breakfast table and giving the mail to Vernon and silently moving to clear the plates, which Vernon and Dudley had demolished, including the one piece of toast that Harry had. Harry didn't bother protesting. Vernon put down the mail with a satisfied grunt, "What took you so long, boy?" "I slipped and dropped the mail." Harry lied with a straight face that showed regret. Vernon sneered, "Shoulda expected it of a freak like you." Harry nodded quickly and almost sprinted to his cupboard. When he was inside, he eagerly opened his letter. Dear Mr. Potter, You have been admitted into the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, please send you acceptance by owl, no later than the 30th of August this year. The first day of school will be on the 1st of September, Yours, Assistant Headmistress McGonagall Below the letter was a list of ridiculous sounding books and things to buy. Harry's heart sunk a bit, but he held some hope. He didn't know what an owl was, so he nicked a pound from Dudley and stole a sheet of a4 paper from Vernon and mailed an acceptance letter to 'Hogwarts'. He had little hope that it was actually going to work, but sending a letter wouldn't hurt right? In his letter he had included that he needed proof that magic existed. *** Next Day The Dursleys heard three sharp raps on their door, just after dinner. "Open the door, boy." Harry nodded and went to open the door, and saw an old woman standing outside in extremely old fashioned clothing. "Hello, I'm Harry, who might you be?" Harry asked politely. Minerva nodded, "I'm Professor McGonagall, Harry, it's my job to introduce muggle-borns and muggle-raised to the wizarding world." At this she frowned, "Though it was expected that your aunt and uncle would already have explained the wizarding world to you." Harry snorted inwardly and was about to answer when Vernon bellowed from the dining room. "BOY, WHO'S AT THE DOOR!" Minerva's lips thinned a bit at the derogatory tone in Vernon's voice. Harry had to think fast, he couldn't lie because McGonagall would become suspicious, but telling the truth would risk the Dursleys throwing McGonagall out of the house altogether. In the end he decided to tell the truth, "Somebody from a place named Hogwarts." Harry said softly, hoping for the best. Vernon stormed into the room. "Look here, I won't be paying for some fool to teach the freak magic tricks." Vernon snapped at McGonagall. McGonagall's lips thinned some more. "Mr. Potter will be attending Hogwarts no matter what a muggle like you thinks of it." She said back before ignoring Vernon completely. McGonagall pointed her wand at a chair in the corner of the drawing room and levitated the chair. "At Hogwarts, you will learn several branches of magic, including Charms, Transfiguration, Potions, Defence against the Dark Arts among others…" McGonagall took a breath, "Let me also warn you that due to events that took place while you were a baby, you've become a somewhat famous personality in the wizarding world. Would it be convenient if I took you to Diagon Alley tomorrow?" Harry smiled politely, "If you give me the directions and the money, I'm sure I could find my way myself." McGonagall shook her head. "I'm afraid that muggle-raised are to be escorted to Diagon Alley on their first visit." Harry cursed inwardly but smiled outwardly. "Then sure, we can go tomorrow afternoon, it is a Saturday." As soon as McGonagall left, Harry was shouted at, kicked in the ribs and thrown into his cupboard in Vernon's fit of anger. *** Next afternoon McGonagall picked up Harry when she was supposed to, noticing but not commenting on Harry's very well hidden wince as he walked. She gave him a cap to wear before they reached a dirty looking pub that everybody else in the vicinity seemed to ignore. McGonagall led him through the pub, exchanging a few words with the bartender, Tom, before she took him out the back. "To get into Diagon Alley, you need to swipe your wand, when you get it, along the bricks like this." McGonagall demonstrated and the wall moved aside to let them through into the bustling magical alley. Harry stared around in barely concealed wonder. McGonagall hid a smile at his reaction. "Our first stop will be the Wizarding Bank, Gringotts. Your parents left you their sizeable fortune. We will be making a withdrawal from your trust vault." They walked up to the teller. McGonagall nodded respectfully. "What may I do for you?" the teller asked coolly. "Mr. Potter would like to make a withdrawal from his trust vault." The goblin nodded, "Key, please." McGonagall provided the key, pulling it out of her purse. The teller, 'Griphook', led them to a cart and belted them in, and sat at the front, as the cart took off at high speeds, falling and rising rather like a roller coaster. Harry thought that it was designed that way to disorient passengers so that potential thieves couldn't find their way around the underground tunnels of Gringotts. With a screeching halt they reached Harry's vault. "You will have to wait outside, Professor." Griphook stated. McGonagall nodded and waited in the cart. Harry went inside the vault with the goblin and filled the pouch that McGonagall had given him to the brim with golden galleons, taking as much money as possible. "McGonagall said this was a trust vault. Does that mean that I have a family vault too?" Harry asked, while filling his pouch with money. "You do have the Potter family vault but you may not access it till you are 17 or emancipated by the ministry." Griphook stated emotionlessly. Harry nodded and went back out with his pouch of galleons. "That's more money than you will need." McGonagall stated. Harry flashed her an innocent smile. "This way I don't have to come back to get my money for Christmas presents." McGonagall nodded her acceptance. "Just don't waste it all on candy or anything like that." "Yes Professor." Harry said. The first place that McGonagall took Harry too was Madam Malkins, the clothing shop. Harry inwardly wrinkled his nose at how impractical wizarding robes were but smiled politely and stood completely still while Malkin measured him and the boy standing next to him. "Hogwarts too?" the blonde next to him asked. "Yes." Harry said. The Blonde extended a hand. "Draco Malfoy." "Harry." "Named after the whole 'Potter craze' were you?" Draco asked. Harry smiled sheepishly, "Yes." 'Potter craze? Am I that famous!?' Harry thought. "What house do you think you'll be in?" Draco asked. Harry hadn't heard about the houses yet, so he answered vaguely. "Don't know yet, do we." Harry said, making his question sound rhetorical but still there, in case he was supposed to know. "No, I suppose we don't, but I know I'll be in Slytherin." The blonde puffed out his chest self-importantly. Draco finished first and his father walked into the store to pick him up. Nobility, Harry noted, while Draco and his father walked off. After the clothing shop, Harry was taken to the bookstore. Harry smiled widely. "I'll pick up your potions ingredients and you can pick up the books on your list." McGonagall said, before taking two galleons from him and bustling off as if she had done it a million times before. Harry quickly picked up his school books before picking up a few on customs and traditions, some on Runes and Arithmancy and a few other texts he thought would be useful to keep himself ahead of the class. He also picked up some books that claimed to be about him. McGonagall came to pick him up and muttered 'Ravenclaw' when she saw the pile of books that Harry had picked up. Next, McGonagall took Harry to Ollivanders wand shop. Harry didn't let himself look rattled by Ollivander's speech which left the creepy old man looking somewhat disappointed. "Ah, Mr. Potter, I've been expecting you. I'm sorry to say that I sold the wand that did that." Ollivander reached out a hand and touched Harry's scar. Harry had to work hard to not flinch at Ollivander's touch. After a long line of wands, Harry finally found one that responded to him. "Aah! SO curious, very curious." Ollivander commented. "What is?" Harry asked. "The phoenix that gave the feather for this wand also gave the feather for the wand of you-know-who!" Harry looked slightly confused. "Who?" "The man who killed your parents." McGonagall whispered. "Oh." Harry didn't know how to respond. He numbly paid the 7 galleons, thinking about this you-know-who fellow. McGonagall handed him a cage. "Here, I bought you something for your birthday." It was a snowy owl. "Thank you!" Harry responded. McGonagall almost smiled. "What will you name it?" "Hedwig." *** Hogwarts Express McGonagall had explained how to get to the Hogwarts Express, Harry managed to wheedle Vernon to take him to Kings Cross at the threat of the 'freaks' showing up again. He had arrived early and picked an empty cabin. A red-headed boy opened the door to his cabin. "Can I sit here, everywhere else is full." "Sure." Harry smiled back. "Hi, I'm Ron, Ron Weasley." "Harry." "Blimey! Are you Harry Potter!" Seeing no way out other than outright lying, Harry nodded, already taking a dislike to the redhead. "Yes." "Are you really!" "That is what I just said." "Do you remember that night!?" Ron asked excitedly, irritating Harry some more. He had read the book about what had happened. Apparently, the dark wizard Voldemort had shot a killing curse at him but it had been reflected back onto Voldemort and killed him instead, and Harry had been hailed as the saviour of the wizarding world, personally Harry found the story laughable. Obviously, it had been his parents who had done something. With his extremely rudimentary knowledge of runes, he knew that it was very easily possible to reflect the killing curse as long as there was an equal powering source, in this case the taking of one soul, which considering both his parents died before him was quite possible yet all of the rune experts of the wizarding world were clueless about the possibility. Harry had vowed to do more research into runes and such. Harry politely said that he didn't remember anything as he was but a baby at the time and the awkward silence returned. A bushy haired girl burst into their cabin, interrupting Harry's musing. "Have you seen a toad, Neville's lost one." She said in a rush. "No, but you could ask one of the older students to summon the toad." Harry suggested. Harry had practised a lot of spells but the summoning spell was 4th year, and quite a bit further than he had tried, though he knew the incantation. "Oh, I didn't think of that, thanks!" the girl said and left. "Mental, that one." Ron said rudely. "She was only helping this Neville fellow." Harry defended her, lightly. "Probably Neville Longbottom, the squib." Ron snorted unattractively. Harry frowned lightly. "If Neville were a squib, he wouldn't be on the Express going to a school of Wizardry." Ron rolled his eyes. Harry found himself quite disliking Ron and his rude tendency to talk shit about people he didn't know. Harry pulled out his book and started reading. "Why're you reading?" Ron asked incredulously. Harry looked over his book. "To gain knowledge." Harry said, politely. "But! But! You're Harry Potter, you can't be bookish!" Ron almost shouted. Harry's expression hardened a bit and he looked back at his book. He really didn't like the redhead's attitude toward books. *** Hogwarts With the rest of the students, Harry took the boats to Hogwarts. He nodded politely at McGonagall while she was giving her 'House is family' speech. He ignored Ron's exclamation that they would have to fight a troll. He clapped after the hat's song and waited his turn, not showing any of the nervousness he was feeling about the sorting. "Potter, Harry." Called out McGonagall. Harry stepped forward confidently and walked up to the podium, ignoring Draco's 'you didn't tell me you were the Harry Potter!' Harry sat on the stool and let the hat be put on his head, feeling nervous. He really disliked the idea of the hat being able to see all his memories. "Oh ho, what do we have here! You'd be an amazing Slytherin…" the hat spoke in his head. Harry agreed, personally, but he couldn't let himself be perceived as a 'filthy snake' by the rest of the school. "You do know that that is even more reason to put you in Slytherin." The Hat sounded amused. "I will be in Gryffindor." Harry thought back. "Very well…" The hat sighed, "If you must, then, GRYFFINDOR!" the last word was shouted out. Harry took off the hat and headed to the table which was dressed up in red and had two more red-heads shouting about how they got Potter and noted that Draco was looking disappointed at his sorted and a little disgusted. Harry sat down next to Hermione, the bushy haired girl from the train, who started rattling off what the books said about Harry. Harry smiled lightly. "The books about me are all false." Hermione looked almost comically enraged. "But books are always right!" she shouted. Harry smiled. "Who was there to witness what actually happened that night." Hermione frowned and fell into the trap, "You and Voldemort." Harry inwardly laughed at all the flinches that people gave at the Dark Lord's name. "I can assure you that I've never given an interview and Voldemort is dead, so where does your book get its facts from?" Hermione looked extremely stunned. "I-I…" Harry smiled lightly at her, "Just something to think about." *** Next Day Harry woke up early at 5 am, and had a quick bath before returning and reading some more, practising some late 1st year spells till 6:30-ish, when some other boys in the dorm started to stir. Harry headed down to breakfast early and had a quick and light breakfast before taking out his book on an art known as Occlumency and started reading. He received his timetable, along with incredulous books from Ron, for reading a book and he went to his first class, Transfiguration with McGonagall. He got to class, barely on time and waited for McGonagall to arrive before noticing a cat next to McGonagall's table and remembered that she was a cat animagus. Harry winked at the cat, who stared at Harry. Ron and another boy from Harry's dorm, Seamus, landed up late for class. McGonagall transformed from the cat into herself and got a few screams and surprised looks. She lectured them for a while before giving them a matchstick and telling them the incantation to turn it into a needle. Harry took and deep breath and performed the transfiguration, pushing his magic into his wand, magnifying it and saying the incantation and imagining the needle he wanted, intricate and silver. It took a long second, but the matchstick turned into a needle with a soft pop. McGonagall swept over to Harry. "5 points to Gryffindor, Mr. Potter, amazing needle, first try too! 5 more points because of the intricacy." McGonagall just got back to the front of the class, as Hermione managed to finish her transfiguration. "Ms. Granger's done it too! 5 more points to Gryffindor." McGonagall said pleased that 2 people had completed the complex transfiguration in such quick succession. Harry worked on trying to make his transfiguration more intricate. He tried to engrave a pattern into his needle and managed, though he began to start sweating. McGonagall picked up the engraved needle, admiring the pretty if simple pattern on the small needle. "Good job, Mr. Potter, but remember not to exhaust yourself." *** End of Chapter An: 3k words! Anyway, I hope you enjoy the first chapter of whatever I decide to name this. Also, 3k words! An: This chapter has been edited VERY slightly. Px5 out.
An: Thanks for all the favs and follows so far as well as the 2 reviews, I hope you enjoy this chapter. *** Potions class They didn't cover anything but theory in charms, which Harry listened to avidly, despite knowing most of what was being taught, after all, it's foolish to ever pass up a chance to learn new information. He was looking forward to Potions quite a bit, it seemed like one of the most important subjects, but what he had heard about it, by listening in on conversations was mostly really negative. Harry had read ahead, the entire textbook, so he was hoping that he wouldn't fall behind in his Potions education if the teacher did turn out to be subpar. The Potions Master strode into the classroom, robe billowing behind him, scowl on his face, and oily hair sticking to his head. 'I have to know how he does the cloak billowing thing', Harry thought. Snape stood at the front of the class. "The art of potions requires no foolish wand waving, so I doubt any of you dunderheads will be able to get it… but if you can truly learn the art of pioneering, in this class you can learn to bottle fame, brew a fortune and put a stopper on death." He sneered at the entire class. "But if you're the usual dunderheads that I have to teach, then I'll be rid of you come OWL year." He glared at Harry particularly and began to take attendance. "Harry Potter, our new… celebrity…" Snape called out, his malicious intent obvious in his voice. Harry idly noticed all of Snape's intimidation tactics and noted them down in case he needed to use them later. "Lets see if you've done your reading shall we? Potter! Where would you find a bezoar!" "In the stomach of a goat, sir." Harry replied respectfully. "What's the difference between monkswood and wolfsbane." Snape snapped back. "They are one and the same, sir." Snape looked at him appraisingly before looking away and ignoring him and continuing with the roll call. "Instructions on the board, begin, you have half an hour." Snape said, flourishing his wand and leaving the instructions on the board. Ron started to complain loudly, and Snape deducted 10 points from Gryffindor. Harry inwardly rolled his eyes. Snape was no great shakes as a teacher but complaining and insulting him would only make him worse. Harry started on his own potion, and found that his cooking skills helped him quite a bit in his cure for boils, he quickly and efficiently completed his potion in 25ish minutes and bottled it, handing it to Snape, and wondering what his reaction would be to his nearly perfect potion. Snape studied the vial carefully and far more critically than he had looked at Malfoys'. "Hmmm, passable…" Snape reluctantly said, putting an A into his grade book. "I'll try to do better next time, sir." Harry offered politely, while still inwardly knowing that his potion was easily worth an O. Still, Snape would not be conducting the end-of-years, so Harry did not have to worry about his potions OWLs and NEWTs as long as he kept up his standard of work. *** After Harry's potions class Snape stared after the departed class, reevaluating his thoughts on the spawn of James Potter. He had expected him to be a carbon copy of the late Lord Potter, arrogant, not studying, laughing through potions, but instead Harry was polite and submitted a potion that was even better than Draco's. Still, the boy was related to James Potter but still, MAYBE, he wasn't as bad as he'd thought he'd be. Snape grudgingly changed the A in his book into an O, deciding to wait, just a bit, before condemning the Potter child altogether. *** Defence class Defence was the most useless class that Harry had ever sat in. At least in Potions, they were learning something by making Potions, even if Snape was a bad teacher, but in Defence, Quirrell stuttered the entire time, reading the first paragraph of a textbook that Harry had read and deemed useless. Harry zoned out Quirrell, instead picking up his book on occlumency and reading the third stage. The first had been objectifying his memories as books and the second had been, organising them into a library of sorts. Harry started reading. The third stage of Occlumency is building your mental defences. The most important thing to remember while performing this stage is that inside your mind, you control everything. This stage if often easier for younger people purely because their imagination runs wilder and is less controlled. There have been recorded instances of children pushing adults violently out of their minds while just imagining toy soldiers or the like. For this stage, you must locate your 'mental library' and anchor all your defences around it. You must imagine walls around the library, and there will be walls. You can imagine your own defences as well, your only restriction is your imagination. At first, you will need to concentrate on your defences to keep them up, but once you have thought up walls and some basic defences, and can keep them there for an extended period of time, by concentrating on it, you are ready to move on to step 4. Harry put down the book. He doubted that he would be allowed to meditate in Quirrell's classroom, or any classroom for that matter, he did not want to give the impression that he was sleeping in class to any of his teachers, even Quirrell. He picked up his occlumency book again and was about to start reading step 4, when a piercing pain hit his scar. Harry's hand immediately shot up to his scar. Quirrell was looking at him quite intently, and Harry realised, behind the curtain of pain, the tickling sensation of legilimency, the art of invading his mind. With a little concentration, Harry finally got a chance to put his theoretical Occlumency knowledge to the test, the boy put up walls and cannons, and started blasting the intruder, who he assumed to be Quirrell without a second thought. It was only after he'd managed to catch Quirrell by surprise and knock him over, throwing off his virtual cloak, that he realised it wasn't Quirrel who was snooping around in his mind. It was Voldemort. *** End of Chapter An: I do love my cliffhangers. :-) Px5 out.
findAn: I hope you enjoy, I'm writing this back to back with chapter 2, so thank you for any possible favs, follows and comments. *** DaDa class Almost before Harry could get a glimpse, Voldemort exited Harry's mind. Quirrell's face snapped to look at Harry incredulously. Remembering what he had read about kids making accidental protections, Harry pretended to be doodling on his parchment, he doodled walls and cannons and drew a knight for good measure. Quirrell/Voldemort carefully entered Harry's mind again and this time found the wall and the cannons, firing in the opposite direction, as well as a knight riding a unicorn and a Dumbledore-esque old wizard brandishing a wand in squiggly motions that were obviously not real spells. Voldemort carefully exited Harry's mind, his relief that he hadn't been discovered was enough to give Harry enough proof that he had managed to fool Voldemort into thinking he was daydreaming. He almost slumped back into his chair before remembering that Quirrell/Voldemort was still sitting at the front of the class and observing him, while continuing his stuttering act, which Harry could see through easily, now that he knew it was Voldemort who was lecturing them. Harry resolved to find out what sort of dark magic Voldemort had used to look like the Defence professor. After considering, he decided that it was also possible that both Quirrell and Voldemort were in the same body. Either way, he decided to keep an eye on Quirrell and research what The Dark Lord was doing to impersonate/possess him. *** Library After Defence, Harry rushed off to the library, walking fast but not fast enough to seem in too great a hurry. He got to the library and found mainly 5th years and above, with the occasional 3rd year floating around. Them and Hermione Granger. The girl had been in his defence class with him and had gotten to the library even faster than he had. Hell, she seemed to almost live in the place anyway. She peered over her thick book, "Harry, what are you looking for!" she said bossily. "Come on, I'm nearly done with my book on supplementary Potions. I could help you research whatever you're looking for." Harry smiled at the pushy girl and declined, "Sorry Hermione, I'm just doing some general looking, I don't need your help." "Come on, I can look with you." Hermione looked at him hopefully. Harry realised that staying in the library all day, the one place where literally no first years apart from himself and Hermione had come yet was probably not the best place to make friends or socialise, Hermione was probably just trying to befriend him. Harry felt his heart go out to the poor girl. He could sympathise with Hermione, because he didn't have any friends either and before he learned that Dudley was preventing everybody in his school from befriending him, he would also talk to others who went to the library, hoping to find a friend. With a sigh, Harry decided that he would talk to Hermione. His analytical side screamed at him that it would be wasting time and he would need to make explanations and waste valuable research time, but for the first time in 3 years, Harry decided to ignore his analytical side and just go with his impulsive response to just accept her help. With a start, he realised that he had been staring at her for a full 10 seconds. He grinned sheepishly, "Sure, come on and I'll tell you what I've been reading about." Hermione smiled, hoping she had made a friend and moved to stand and walk with Harry. They started walking and Harry started towards the section on the mind arts. "I've been reading up on Occlumency and Legilimency, I've progressing quite well on learning some Occlumency." Hermione looked at him weirdly, "Occlumency is supposed to be really hard to do and it's almost never given to anybody under 15." "It's actually easier the younger you are, because the imagination part of it, is far easier when you are younger and have a better and less restricted imagination. The reason many people think that Occlumency should not be taught to children is because it requires a large amount of patience and focus to keep your shields up and many children tend not to have the required concentration time." Harry gave Hermione a short appraising look. "People who read a lot of books, specifically non-fiction tend to be able to concentrate better as well as people who are focussed enough on one activity to spend lots of time to become good at it. The kind of meditation that this kind of concentration is required for, is also integral for the animagus transformation and wandless magic." Harry looked back at Hermione who was looking almost hungrily at him, ready to absorb more knowledge. Harry laughed, genuinely. "I'll lend you some of my books." Hermione enveloped him in a crushing hug and it took all of Harry's self-control not to stiffen and to sort of return the hug. Hermione separated and blushed, "Sorry, I'm just really happy, I love books." She explained as if Harry was somehow unaware of the fact. "Just make sure that you're reading the right books and not speculation or opinion posed as fact." Harry cautioned her. Hermione looked somewhat offended, "Books are meant to tell the truth!" Harry sighed at Hermione's naiveté. "Anybody can write a book; it doesn't have to tell the truth. Make sure that other books can corroborate the stories and that you know where the information is coming from." Harry looked at Hermione seriously, "Believing things you are told blindly can be the biggest mistake you ever make." Hermione nodded numbly and opened her mouth to counter argue but closed it again. Harry's points were fair, and the emotion she heard in his last statement sounded like he had some experience. "Fair enough, I will." Hermione found herself agreeing to Harry. Harry smiled again, deciding to share his topic of research with the avid researcher that Hermione was. She might not have the general smarts that Harry did, but she was a much faster researcher than he. "Today in Defence class, Professor Quirrell tried to use legilimency to enter my mind. Only, when I managed to stop him and he left my mind, I saw a glimpse of his face… and it wasn't professor Quirrell, it was… Voldemort." Hermione looked at him sceptically, "But Harry, you killed Voldemort." She said as if talking to a toddler. Harry shook his head, "I'm sure of what I saw, it made my scar hurt too." "Just because you got a headache doesn't mean Voldemort is Professor Quirrell, you're the one who told me to check my facts." "Trust me, I know what I saw, Voldemort is either impersonating or possessing Quirrell. If there was any way to show you, I would." Hermione looked at him considering, "There is an heirloom pensieve in the Headmaster's office, I've read about it in 'Hogwarts, A History', we could sneak into Professor Dumbledore's office and take a look at your memory." Harry rolled his eyes and shook his head, "One: It's stupid to even try to get into the Headmaster's office, 2: we'll get caught almost immediately, there's no way that idea would work." "Oh." Hermione said, somewhat crestfallen. "But your idea does have some credit, only, I can ask Griphook, whether I have a pensieve in the Potter vault and whether I can retrieve it, otherwise I can buy it, they're supposed to be expensive, but really useful and I do have the money." Hermione took a long look at him, "Okay then, if you can obtain a pensieve and prove to me that Voldemort is back, then I'll help you research." Now looking a whole lot more frightened as Harry had expected her to be, the possibility finally sinking in, that the greatest Dark Lord of their time could have returned. *** End of Chapter. An: I was so tempted to end the chapter when Harry tells Hermione about Voldy invading his mind. Harry told Hermione because it is sensible that 2 people can research better than 1, and he knows he can't do everything alone, telling Hermione is partially sympathy and partially a calculated risk. PxFive out.
An: For whatever reason, Fanfiction isn't saying 'updated: few secs ago' like it usually does, so if you see like 3 chapters in like 1 minute don't be too surprised. *** Gringotts Griphook picked up a letter off his desk, he usually had several to answer, and he usually started from the top of the pile of letters, but this particular letter, though it was near the bottom of the pile, caught his attention. It was addressed to 'Teller Griphook' as opposed to 'Gringotts Teller' He opened the letter, noting it was from Mr. Potter, who he had helped, just before the school year had started. He slit the letter open with an official Gringotts letter opener. Dear Mr. Teller Griphook, May your enemies blood taste the ground, I was wondering whether the Potter family owns any pensieves, and if they do, whether it would be possible to withdraw it from the Potter vault despite my being only 11 years of age, and not Lord Potter yet, May the gold of your enemies fill your vaults, Your customer, Harry James Potter. Griphook was surprised that Potter had followed goblin customs of speech and respected him as his position demanded. He was pleased that he could answer in the affirmative and just because of Harry's courtesy, mailed it along with the letter back. *** Hogwarts, next morning Hedwig flew into the Hall, slightly late, heaving a large package which she dropped onto the table in front of Harry immediately and pecked his ear for snacks. Harry passed Hedwig an owl snack and kept his package under the table and continued reading his book. Hermione, who was sitting opposite him, gave him a meaningful look. Harry nodded back. Dumbledore, who was on his way out of the hall stopped near Harry. "Ah, Harry, my boy, your large package peaked my curiosity, if I'm not too prying, what was in the box?" Harry looked down at the box rather than look at Dumbledore. "Just some books I really liked in the Hogwarts library and wanted to have permanently, I owl-ordered the books so that I could keep them. Dumbledore nodded politely and moved on, wondering what books Harry was interested in, but encouraged that Harry seemed to be studying. *** Later, secluded part of the library Harry and Hermione were in a really secluded part of the library, hidden between several awkwardly angled shelves, Harry and Hermione had dragged in a pair of armchairs and a table. Harry pulled out his pensieve, it was a large engraved affair with the Potter crest which happened to be the talons of a griffin criss-crossed against an intricate letter 'P'. It was far better than Dumbledore's and had the ability to project memories rather than the 'traditional form' of a pensieve which allowed one to view the memory only inside itself. Harry entered his own memory, and Hermione watched as Harry paused the memory just as Voldemort was blasted back in the memory. It was only there for a split second but there was no denying that it was The Dark Lord. "We have to tell Dumbledore!" Hermione exclaimed. Harry shook his head, he did not want to reveal his skill in Occlumency and his possession of a pensieve to the Headmaster. "No, Hermione, I would have to reveal that I can do a level of Occlumency and I don't think that's a good idea." Hermione looked puzzled, "But… what's the point of having knowledge if you don't tell people you have it?" Harry sighed, this was definitely one of Hermione's biggest problems. "You don't gain knowledge to flaunt it, Hermione, knowledge is to be used in your own advantage, whether revealing it is a good idea or not depends on the situation." Harry said, that was how he viewed knowledge, useful and to be used in your own favour, if revealing it got people on your side then so be it, but in this case, Harry didn't want to reveal his Occlumency skills unless absolutely necessary. He had been lucky to fool Voldemort with his childish trick and he knew he would have to be more careful with his Occlumency as well as subtler. "But telling Professor Dumbledore will only help us, he's the only one that Voldemort fears!" Hermione exclaimed. Harry sighed, unsure how to explain. "A skill like Occlumency is very useful to have, and especially when my skills are not very advanced, its not very helpful if a legilimencer knows what to expect." Harry said. "But Professor Dumbledore won't use legilimency on a student!" "Dumbledore is one of the greatest legilimancers of our age." Harry said, "It would be too tempting to be able to just know what happened at a confrontation, I won't risk it." Hermione opened her mouth as if to protest but then decided to just trust Harry on this. Neither she nor Harry would know how good of a decision that would turn out to be. *** Later, Library So far, both Harry's and Hermione's search had been fruitless, and Harry was thinking about just giving up and continuing the next day. "Harry!" Hermione said excitedly, pointing to a short sentence in a thick book. The Power of Unicorn's blood is one of the most magical substances in the world. Despite their magical properties, when it is forcefully extracted, it is no longer light magic and only the most desperate Dark Wizards would ever resort to using the blood of a unicorn. It magnifies dark blood magic rituals to a great extent, perhaps best exemplified in the life sustenance ritual, which could theoretically keep a soul alive within a host. Fortunately, there are no dark wizards foolish enough to actually try it, because once unicorn's blood is consumed, the user is cursed to live a half-life. Hermione pointed to the sentence about theoretically keeping a soul alive. "That could be it!" Hermione squealed. Harry looked at it skeptically, "Would Voldemort be dumb enough to curse his own life?" Hermione looked crestfallen. "It's still a possibility, just… I don't think Voldemort would do something like that… unless he thinks he can break the curse." *** End of Chapter An: Hope ya enjoyed I guess!
*** Hogwarts School continued, boring as ever, Harry and Hermione continued their research in the library, far beyond their age group in terms of research. Harry and Hermione competed for top spot in most of their classes, Harry got top in Transfiguration, Charms and DaDa (as useless as that was), Hermione got top marks in Potions, History and Astronomy. Over time, Harry and Hermione started to become close friends, as close a friend as Harry had ever had. *** Library Harry had called Hermione to their spot in the library, which they had feebly protected with a notice-me-not charm that wouldn't even affect any strong adults looking for them, but did its job to keep out the random Ravenclaw looking for a place to sit. Hermione came second, Harry already there with a large book open. Without waiting for pleasantries, Harry pointed at a passage in the book. The Philosopher's stone, one of the rarest alchemical wonders of all time is rumoured to be able to produce the elixir of life, capable of extending life indefinitely and lift all curses, perhaps even up to 6x curses. Hermione looked puzzled, "What does that have to do with Voldemort possessing Quirrell, the philosopher's stone extends lifetimes but it doesn't prevent death from a straight up AK." Harry shook his head, "The Philosopher's stone can lift 6x curses!" "So?" "The regular ministry ratings for curses go up to 5x, which promises 50 years in Askaban minimum, but then there's 6x, only 4 curses fall into this range, The Cruciatus, the Imperius, the HellSpawn and… The curse of the half-life… the same curse that drinking unicorn's blood gives!" Harry said excitedly. Realisation dawned on Hermione's face, "So if he can get his hands on a philosopher's stone then he could…" She trailed off in horror. "But why would he be in Hogwarts then?" Harry asked. "Maybe that's what's on the third floor that Professor Dumbledore doesn't want us to see!" Hermione said excitedly. Harry frowned, "But why would the Professor specifically tell us not to go there?" "There must be protections of some sort." "We need to check." "Are you crazy, Harry! There could be al sorts of traps." Harry rolled his eyes, "Obviously we aren't going to go inside, we're going to use the window spell to see inside the room at the end of the corridor." *** Later, third floor corridor Harry stood outside the door, and channelled the amount of energy that was needed for the 3rd year spell, it had caught his eye, the window lasted as long as you poured energy into it, it was double sided, which made it risky for spying but Harry was relatively sure that there was no human being on the other side of the door. There was a version of the spell that was taught to sixth years that was one-sided but even Harry's big-for-his-age magical core would not be able to manage the 6th year spell until his 2nd or third year. "Fenetrus." Harry incanted, instantly feeling the drain on his magical core, and found he could only hold it for a few seconds but in this case a few seconds was enough. On the other side of the door, there was a huge Cerberus and it lunged at the magically created window which vanished just before the Cerberus broke through. The gargantuan dog thudded against the wall and the big doors. *** later "Did you see what it was standing on!" Harry said excitedly. "The trapdoor" Hermione nodded. "Exactly, the Cerberus was definitely hiding something, its very likely it's the stone!" Hermione looked somewhat sceptical, "It could be, I suppose…" Harry looked thoughtful. "The Cerberus seems like the kind of pet that Hagrid would keep, I'm going to go talk to him…" *** Hagrid's hut Hagrid had given Harry a standing offer that Harry could visit him, when Harry had first politely refused his first invite. Harry and Hermione trekked down to Hagrid's hut and rapped on the door. The friendly giant opened the door and smiled down kindly at the two first-years. Harry smiled back sweetly. "Hello Hagrid, mind if we come talk to you, we've been doing some research on magical creatures and we heard that you were the best source on all sorts of magical creatures, especially misunderstood ones!" Harry gushed slyly. Hagrid rubbed his chin, "Course Harry! Yer always welcome here, I used to know yer parents!" Harry started conversation about random magical animals about questions that he was actually trying to find answers for in his other CoMC research. He found himself enjoying Hagrid's company. Harry cleverly started talking about Cerberus'. "Ya know Hagrid, I've always wanted to see a Cerberus. It must be so cool to have 3 sets of eyes! Say Hagrid, do you know where one of those might be?" Harry asked. Hagrid puffed out his chest proudly. "I raised one meself, Fluffy his name was!" "Really? Where is he now?" "Helping Professor Dumbledore and Nicholas Flamel with the protections for something." He said, not realising that he was releasing valuable info as Harry was reasonably smiling throughout the entire thing, not giving Hagrid any idea that he had just revealed potentially dangerous information. *** After the chat with Hagrid, library Harry and Hermione had raced back to the library, Flamel was the only known maker of the philosopher's stone in the modern day, Dumbledore was storing it in the castle for some reason and Voldemort was there, trying to steal it. Harry was seriously contemplating putting the Cerberus to sleep using music, which was something Hagrid had told him, and look down the trapdoor but finally decided not to. *** Halloween afternoon "Wingardium Levioosa!" Ron snorted, "Stupid know-it-all!" Hermione rushed out from behind Ron and ran to the girl's bathroom with Harry chasing behind her. Harry glared at Ron and decided to give Hermione her space. *** Halloween feast Quirrellmort arrived in the Great Hall dramatically, and shouted out loud about a troll before pretending to pass out, his breathing pattern was indication that he was indeed conscious and just pretending to be asleep. Harry narrowed his eyes and was about to walk up with the rest of the Gryffindors when suddenly he remembered something. Hermione. *** End of Chapter An: Kinda a cliffhanger… kinda, though you probably know what comes next, either way, please review, fav and follow and all that jazz. Px5 out.
An: I completely forgot to include a disclaimer in the first chapter, so here's the customary 'I don't own Harry Potter duh" message. *** Great Hall Hermione. Without sparing Quirrellmort another glance, Harry sprinted to the bathroom that he'd seen Hermione in. He ran in, "Hermione, there's a troll in the castle, you need to get out of here!" Hermione opened the door, sniffling with red eyes, "Harry, what are you doing in the girls' bathroom?" "There's a troll loose in the castle, we have to go." At that very moment, the acrid smell of troll filled their noses. Harry cursed some not so polite words and rolled out of the troll's club's way. He quickly formulated a plan. Harry transfigured a wrecked toilet into a really bad humanoid-ish mess and depulso-d the mess into the opposite wall, the dumb creature looked the other way and started lumbering towards the humanoid toilet transfiguration. Panting with the exertion from his previous 3rd year spells, with sweat rolling down his forehead, Harry levitated the troll's club and dropped it on the stupid creature's head. The troll dropped dead, with a cracked skull. Harry fell onto one knee from magical exertion, that transfiguration, while not extremely impressive had severely drained his core. At that point, Snape, Dumbledore and McGonagall sprang into the room, Snape's wand already glowing with several dark curses, Dumbledore's already shooting a deep cutting curse. The cutting curse flew over the fallen troll, and Snape managed to stop his spell in time to stop it from firing. McGonagall was the first to notice the two kids, "Mr. Potter, Ms. Granger! What are you doing looking for the troll!" Snape looked severely annoyed, mistaking Harry for James, "Obviously they were looking for the troll for the fame it would get them! 50 points from Gryffindor, each and a week of detention, with me." McGonagall looked startled at the amount of punishment but stayed silent as she felt it was deserved, "Still, first years beating a mountain troll, you were really lucky. What do you have to say for yourself?" Hermione opened her mouth to lie but Harry spoke first. "Hermione was using the facilities when Professor Quirrell told us about the troll, I remembered she was in the toilet, when we passed this corridor, there were no professors to tell and I thought it would just be a minute and we could run and catch up, also the troll was said to be in the dungeons so why would we be in any danger, a mountain troll isn't supposed to be able to move from the dungeons to the 5th floor in a minute, so if we were looking for the troll, we wouldn't be here." Harry finished his explanation. McGonagall listened and understood, "Very well, take 80 points to Gryffindor, so you've had only 10 taken each for being in the wrong place at the wrong time, 15 points to Gryffindor for good luck in handling the troll situation. You will not serve the detentions with Professor Snape either, as they were given in… bad judgement, she looked sternly at Snape. Harry looked a little contrite and scared, like he was supposed to, and nodded and thanked their Professor. *** Later Hermione was looking at Harry with awe, she had resigned herself to the 100 points and detentions but instead they had got off with only losing 5 points and no detention. "You had the Professors wrapped around your finger, Harry! How did you manage that, you basically just bent the truth a little and got us out of all punishment." Hermione said excitedly. Harry smiled, "You don't have to lie to get out of trouble, you just have to say the right things." From under James Potter's invisibility cloak, Dumbledore smiled in amusement, slightly impressed at Harry's fast-talking skills. *** Later Harry had gained a level of infamy that he hadn't wanted from the troll incident. He was really annoyed by the claps on the back from the Gryffindors, as he walked to his first flying class. Hermione was really nervous at the idea of flying because it couldn't be learned from books, Harry's influence had given her some confidence outside of her books, but flying was way out of her comfort zone. "I'm not sure I can do this, I mean, I've read all about it but reading isn't everything so I have no idea what will happen, I calculated how much push you need to have but I'm not sure I can pull it off!" Hermione started to babble. "Calm down Hermione, you can do this." Harry said, speaking more calmly than he felt, he too was kinda scared about how he would do at flying, he knew his father was the Captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team in his day, but he wasn't sure that he wanted to put all his trust in his Potter genes. "Stand over your brooms, stick out your hands and say 'UP!"." Barked Madam Hooch, the flying teacher, whose only job seemed to be taking first year flying lessons, all 2 of them, and officiating all the Quidditch matches, all 6 of them, all in all, she was a really busy teacher, Harry thought sarcastically. He put out his hand, he had read that confidence was key, "Up." He said calmly, trying to make himself believe that the broom was definitely going to come up to his hand. It did, Harry was one of the few people who managed to make their broom rise, Hermione's barely budged next to him. "Believe it will come up, that's was does it." Harry whispered. Hermione gritted her teeth and tried to believe, before she even started to say 'up', the broom shot into her hand, Harry grinned. After another minute of that, in which about a fourth of the class had gotten their brooms, Hooch sighed, and just let them pick up the brooms. "Mount your brooms and let me judge your stance." She did, correcting several muggle-borns, and Draco Malfoy. "You may now gently kick off and hover a few feet off the ground." Hooch gently coached. Neville Longbottom, a chubby pureblood started hyperventilating, his broom starting to rise faster and faster before flipping and dropping Neville off his broom, Hooch seemed shocked and stuck to the place. Harry thought fast and cast his best cushioning charm under Neville, who still landed with a painful "OOMPH!" Hooch went up to Neville, noticed his broken arm and started to take him up to the Hospital wing. "And not a single broom off the ground, or you'll be out of this school before you can say 'Quidditch'." She warned. After Hooch had gone, Malfoy picked up a glass ball that Neville had dropped. "Oh look, Longbottom's remembrall." Malfoy sneered, "Let me hide this somewhere for him to find." Draco made to mount his broom. "Wow, I didn't know you and Neville were such pals, what with playing hide and seek with personal property." Harry commented casually. "I'm not friends with that blood traitor!" Drack screeched, as a large part of the class, including some Slytherins started to snicker. "Well then, I'm sure you'll be happy to return his possession as formal pureblood culture requires." Harry stated, effectively cutting off Draco's legs, as he couldn't publicly break pureblood tradition. Finally, he grunted and threw the ball at Harry, who caught it, before it fell, and pocketed it. "Please return Heir Longbottom's possession on my behalf, Heir Potter." Malfoy said gruffly. Harry nodded, "It will be done, Heir Malfoy." After 15 minutes of waiting, in which Hermione started quizzing him on pureblood traditions, Hooch returned with a perfectly sorted Neville. "Now, we may continue our flying class." Hooch said sternly. They hovered, then started moving and doing laps of the court, Harry was a natural at flying and within minutes, he was doing loop-de-loops and out-flying everyone by much, Hooch was extremely excited by his natural skills. After that, she made them work with Quaffles, and try and shoot them at hoops, which Harry did reasonably well, and definitely better than most of his peers, though he couldn't get enough power behind most of his shots to out-shoot a halfway decent chaser, after that she had them work with beater's bats, which Harry could barely hold, and he could see her disappointment, as she surveyed his lack of skill as a beater. Then she had them try to block shots, which he excelled at, moving fast and flipping to block shots, he out-flied all his peers in keeping. Finally, she had them chase tennis balls that she threw through the air, and finally, his true potential was shown, as he far outflew his peers, zigzagging and catching all 10 of his balls that he had thrown his way, the second best was Draco Malfoy's 4. Hooch went off for a moment and came back with McGonagall, who was the head of Gryffindor. "Potter, come with me." McGonagall said. *** Outside Quirrell's classroom "Professor, may I borrow Wood for a second?" McGonagall asked. 'Oliver Wood, captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team, in his OWL year.' Harry thought curiously. "I have found you your new seeker!" McGonagall said proudly. Wood's eyes widened and a manic smile spread across his face. "Practise, today, 8:00" *** End of chapter.
An: Edited 9th June 2019 to add the invisibility cloak because...let's be honest, why and how did I forget that? *** Present "Practise, today, 8:00." Wood said immediately, "Come, and I'll personally see your skill and explain some things about our strategy and Quidditch." Harry nodded, not sure whether it was a good thing or a bad thing. "Don't tell the rest of your classmates. You can be a surprise." McGonagall said. Harry nodded. *** Later, Quidditch Pitch "What did Professor McGonagall want with you?" Hermione asked, lots of people listening in. "Oh, just to tell me that Professor Snape wanted to give me a detention and to explain myself." Harry said casually, deflecting the conversation to the evils of Severus Snape. Automatically, the class burst into complaint about the unfairness of the oily potions master. *** Christmas Day Harry was shaken awake by Hermione. "What are you doing here?" he asked sleepily. "It's Christmas!" Hermione squealed at him. "But why are you in the boys dorm? I thought you couldn't cross to the other gender's dorms." Hermione shrugged, "Boys can't enter the girls' dorms, but we can enter any dorm we like." "That's vaguely sexist," Harry protested, before suddenly remembering the good news he'd been waiting to tell Hermione. "You're part of the Quidditch team!" Hermione responded excitedly, "There hasn't been a first-year on the Quidditch team for-" "-A hundred years, or so McGonagall says." Harry finished, not paying attention to the conversation, as he finally noticed a few packages lying at the bottom of his bed. "What are those?" he asked, a bit confused. "Why, Christmas presents, of course!" Hermione exclaimed, before ripping into the wrapping of one of them, "Let's open your gifts!" she added a bit belatedly. Harry sighed and ripped into a gift himself. He blinked as a silvery cloth fell onto his lap and suddenly he could see straight through his lap and directly onto the bed. "Huh," he said, "I think someone gifted me an invisibility cloak." Hermione read the card, "It used to belong to your father!" she said, "But the card isn't signed so we don't know who sent it." Harry peered at the handwriting. He could remember the loopy scrawl from somewhere, but he couldn't for the life of him remember where it was from. Then it came to him all of a sudden. Dumbledore! It was Dumbledore's writing, he was sure of it. He'd read copies of Dumbledore's papers on the usage of dragons' blood, and they featured the same loopy scrawl, that was why his handwriting was so familiar to Harry. "Dumbledore," the boy whispered. "Excuse me?" Hermione said, confused. "Dumbledore sent me this cloak!" *** Later "Looks like something is burning in the Gamekeeper's cabin." Harry noted and began to walk in the direction of. Hermione looked and her eyes widened, "Oh! Do you think something is burning down!?" "Perhaps, still can't hurt to check." "We could get burnt." Hermione countered dryly. Harry looked amused, "Not if we're careful" and twirled his wand between his fingers, a spray of water coming out of his wand to land on Hermione's shoes, making the bookish girl jump with an "eep" of surprise. Harry laughed. Hermione frowned, "But the water conjuration spell is third year!" Harry smiled, "I learn what I need to." They hurried towards Hagrid's cabin. Harry knocked on the door smartly. "I don't think Hagrid is in. If he were here, he would've put out the fire himself." Hermione said, just as the burly Gamekeeper opened the door. "Harry! Hermione! Nice to see you guys." Hagrid greeted. "Hello Hagrid, we saw smoke and came over to see whether there was anything wrong." Harry said. Hagrid looked away guiltily. Harry narrowed his eyes, he hadn't missed Hagrid's expression, it would have been practically impossible, "Hagrid, what are you hiding?" "Errrr, nothing?" Hagrid replied, almost like a question. Harry peered around the house and his eyes came to lie on a small reptilian green figure near Hagrid's fireplace… a small green reptilian figure that was breathing fire near Hagrid's fireplace. "Hagrid…" Harry said slowly, "You have a dragon in your house, do you know how many laws you're breaking?" Hagrid seemed to deflate a bit, "I've always wanted ter raise a dragon… and when the bloke offered… I couldn't resist." Harry was instantly on alert, "Hagrid… which bloke offered you a dragon egg, a restricted and dangerous item that is destroyed on sight by the ministry?" Harry said, exasperatedly. "Errrr… won it from a fellow in the Hog's head, he was wearin' a cloak and all, didn't look too suspicious, least not for the Hog's Head types…" Hagrid said with uncertainty, only now feeling the suspicion he should have when he was offered the highly illegal item. Harry shook his head, "Hagrid, you cannot keep a dragon in your house, your wooden house, it'll be burnt down, you need to open up to Professor Dumbledore, he's helped you out in the past and he isn't the sort of man who seems to care about the legality of these kinds of things." Harry said, there were many things that Harry wouldn't trust Dumbledore with, but Hagrid's welfare wasn't one of them, Dumbledore had done vouched for Hagrid to get him his job, even when Hagrid had been in possession of the giant spider. Also, knowing Dumbledore, he probably already knew about Hagrid's dragon anyway. Harry spent the rest of the time convincing Hagrid that telling Dumbledore was the right thing to do, it wasn't hard because Hagrid already viewed Dumbledore in a very positive light. *** Outside the headmaster's gargoyle, a little while later "We need to see the headmaster." Harry said. "Password." The gargoyle replied in a monotone. Harry rolled his eyes, "Why does the headmaster need a password, he would be so much more accessible to students, if they were allowed to request to talk with the Headmaster." "An excellent idea, Mr. Potter, one I may actually consider." Said the Headmaster's smiling voice from behind them. Harry and Hermione spun around to face Dumbledore who was standing with a toast in his hand. "Just fetching a snack from the kitchens." Dumbledore said in his grandfatherly way before waving his hand and having the gargoyle move aside so they could ascend. "I must ask why you need to see me." The Headmaster of Hogwarts asked idly on the way up, deciding not to glean Harry's mind until necessary. Harry waited a second while Dumbledore closed the door before replying, "Hagrid has come into possession of a dragon, and we need to help him get rid of it, and you seem to be the ideal person to help." The Wizened Professor nodded, he knew that Hagrid had a dragon, but he was waiting to see what Hagrid would do, but of course, if his help was asked, he would provide it. "I know a dragon tamer, Charlie Weasley, who can pick up the dragon on short notice, tell Hagrid not to worry." Said Dumbledore, "But since you two have been involved in an illegal operation in every sense of the word, I shall have to punish you…" Harry felt annoyed on the inside, it had been a gamble to come to Dumbledore. "… 5 points from Gryffindor and a detention with Hagrid." Dumbledore said happily. Harry nodded, exasperated at the Headmaster's weird sense of humour. *** That weekend. Charlie and his friends showed up to retrieve Norbert from Hagrid. "Hey, how're ya doing, Charlie!" Hagrid rumbled. "Good and yourself, I've come to pick up a dragon that Dumbledore said you had found." "Yeah, got 'im right here." Hagrid said, gesturing to his fireplace where the Welsh Green was relaxing on the hot coals, snoring peacefully. Charlie smiled at the dragon, like the dragon lover he was, "Come with me baby, you'll have an AMAZING home in Romania!" *** End of Chapter An: Sorry that this chapter is extremely late, but I fell really sick last Saturday and only got on to this chapter yesterday. PxFive out.
An: Expect sporadic updates to this story cuz I'm busy and lazy, a horrible combo at the best of times. :-( Also, I'm working to get 1st year over and done with right now so this chapter may or may not seem a bit rushed cuz I've got a couple things to get through. Updated An 4/6/18: I'm sticking to only basic edits but this story is kinda sorta really not good at the beginning, so, uh, if you're reading this for the first time, sorry, it gets better, I swear! *** Detention with Hagrid Filch led Harry and Hermione down to Hagrid's hut for their detention, muttering vilely all the while. "Shame the Headmaster doesn't allow corporal punishment or you'd be hanging by your feet in the dungeons!" the unhealthily sadistic squib muttered vehemently. Harry stayed silent but Hermione looked like she wanted to say something before she decided to stay silent. Hagrid, who was standing outside his hut with Fang on a leash waved cheerily at the two students, "Hiya Harry! Hermione! We're gonna be in the forest t'night." "Isn't the forest out of bounds for students?" Hermione half-stated, half-asked. "Yeh'll be with an adult." Hagrid said, puffing out his chest proudly. Harry nodded. Hagrid and the two kids chattered all the way to the edge of the forest, Harry continuing to sate his curiosity about all sorts of magical creatures and species. "Unicorns have been killed in the forest, we're gonna see whether we can find what's doing it." Hagrid said, his smile fading into a grave expression. "Did you say unicorns, Hagrid?" Harry asked,frowning, this seemed like his and Hermione's theory might be confirmed if unicorns were being killed, potentially for their blood. Still, it wouldn't do to get ahead of himself, so he didn't say anything to Hermione who hadn't reached the same conclusion quite yet. They went into the forest, Harry noted how Hagrid professionally went about locating the unicorn tracks and had Fang sniff a sample of unicorn blood that Hagrid had on his handkerchief. Hagrid expertly triangulated the carcass of the dead unicorn. Hagrid shushed the two kids with him, "Be careful, we're tryin' to see what's attacking the unicorns." They slowly approached the carcass of the unicorn, squinting to try and see in the darkness under the cool shade of the tall foreboding trees. Hagrid tightened his grip on his umbrella, Harry idly wondered whether the umbrella could turn into a sword of some sort. Suddenly a figure sprang out of the shadows, cloaked in black, striking an imposing figure looking almost like a dementor. Hagrid roughly pushed Harry and Hermione behind him, charging into the small but dark clearing, his umbrella pointed like a muggle gun. The man in the cloak sprang up, wand in hand and a green spell flying at Hagrid. Hagrid's eyes bugged out comically and he dove to the left, falling in a barrel roll, recovering and charging at the figure, too fast for the cloaked man to cast another spell, tackling him to the ground and trying to wrench his wand away. The figure managed to dislodge Hagrid with great difficulty, sending a depulso point-blank into Hagrid's ribcage and approaching the fallen figure of Hagrid before suddenly stilling. Harry was puzzled for a moment then heard the reason for the figure's consternation, there was the sound of hooves pounding against the leaves and other rubbish that could be found on the forest floor. A half-man half-horse sprang into the clearing, with a drawn bow in his hand, a centaur, Harry registered. The figure melted into the shadows quicker than Harry could blink, leaving him wondering whether there was any magic involved. "Harry Potter…" the centaur rumbled, "You should not be here." "W-What was that...?" Harry said, hating how weak and crackly his voice sounded. "Something that doesn't belong within these walls." The centaur said gravely before turning his piercing eyes to Harry, "One who drinks a unicorn's blood is cursed to a half-life, only one who believes there was something to restore a full life would drink it…" The centaur trailed off. "The Philosopher's stone." Harry said, faintly. His theories were finally confirmed! Quirrellmort was going after the Philosopher's stone! He glanced at Hermione who seemed to be shocked, then at Hagrid who was injured. "We have to get Hagrid back to the hospital wing!" Harry said urgently. "I can carry your female companion, and you can cast one of those fancy light-weight charms that you wizards have on the half-giant." Hermione thanked the centaur profusely before gingerly getting onto his back, knowing from Harry's quizzing of Hagrid that it was a great honor to ride on one's back. Harry cast the feather-light charm on Hagrid, feeling a bit light-headed from the energy that he expended in the 4th year charm. Finally they reached the edge of the forest, by which point Harry's charm had worn off to about half its effectivity and Harry was sweating profusely and barely standing. The centaur let Hermione off his back, "I shall leave you younglings here, remember, it is dangerous in the forest." He turned to leave. "What's your name?" Hermione asked just as he left. "Firenze." He said before galloping off, not even looking back once. Harry and Hermione lugged Hagrid all the way to the infirmary, Hermione recast the feather-light charm and almost passed out, still only providing about one fourth of the lightness that Harry's had provided. *** Hospital Wing "Oh my goodness! What happened to Hagrid." Madam Pomfrey exclaimed in distress before turning to the two students suspiciously. "Would you two know anything about what happened." She said, acting accusatory. Headmaster Dumbledore strolled up behind the students, casting quick wandless charms to cover the bags underneath his eyes and putting on his best grand-fatherly omniscient smile. "For detention, we were investigating what had been killing the unicorns in the forest. The 'what' turned out to be a person who attacked Hagrid and escaped." Harry spoke concisely. Madam Pomfrey clucked disapprovingly, "The forest for detention! Crazy people in this school." She said distractedly, while waving her wand in intricate patterns over Hagrid's body. With a great strained heave, Hagrid came back to consciousness, his eyes huge. "Professor Dumbledore…" he wheezed out, "'Twas Professor Quirrell!" *** End of Chapter, hopefully the next one is coming tomorrow, fingers crossed. G'night folks Px5 out.
An: I am back for chapter 9 and hopefully finishing off first year in the next chapter or 2. Good luck me. *** Present "For detention, we were investigating what had been killing the unicorns in the forest. The 'what' turned out to be a person who attacked Hagrid and escaped." Harry spoke concisely. Madam Pomfrey clucked disapprovingly, "The forest for detention! Crazy people in this school." She said distractedly, while waving her wand in intricate patterns over Hagrid's body. With a great strained heave, Hagrid came back to consciousness, his eyes huge. "Professor Dumbledore…" he wheezed out, "'Twas was Professor Quirrell!" "The Professor who can't even finish a sentence without stuttering!?" Pomfrey said disbelievingly. Dumbledore's expression turned grave, "It is as I feared, Quirrell is on orders from Voldemort." "Quirrell is being possessed by Voldemort." Harry mentally corrected. Out loud he said, "Wouldn't it be best to ambush him in his room so that no students are hurt and Quirrell is captured immediately." Dumbledore considered the idea, slightly startled that it had come from an 11-year-old and focused on keeping the students safe rather than involving himself just to have an 'adventure'. "Yes, that seems… wise." He then sent Harry and Hermione a sharp look, "Yet I notice, that you two are the only ones in this room who do not seem surprised that Voldemort is back." Hermione seemed lost for a moment but Harry answered, "With all due respect sir, I always doubted that a 1-year-old me could take down a Dark Lord, this just confirms it." Dumbledore nodded, "Very smart of you, Harry, something you may notice is that wizards tend to lack common sense because of the common-sense-defying feats that magic can pull off." Harry nodded his acknowledgement. Dumbledore cracked his knuckles, "I shall inform the other professors and we shall take out Quirinus as painlessly and quickly as possible. You two make sure to stay out of the teacher's office vicinity." Dumbledore fixed the two kids with his piercing gaze, "Poppy, please be ready to accept Quirinus into the hospital wing for any injuries, and the other teachers, if anything goes wrong." *** Staff Room meeting, all teachers except Quirrell. "It was come to my knowledge that Quirinus is working for Lord Voldemort." He waited for the customary gasps and shudders. "But Voldemort is dead, isn't he?" Professor Sprout asked, sounding slightly afraid. Dumbledore shook his head gravely, "I've had my suspicions for many years and I've had my eye on Quirinus all year, this just cements it, he's resorted to violence once already, we can't risk any students getting hurt, we need to take Quirinus in before he hurts anybody else." *** Outside Quirrell's office Dumbledore quietly checked the door handle, it was locked. Without further ado, Dumbledore blasted open the door, gaining the element of surprise and casting his stupefy at the man in the room. Quirrell had taken off his turban in the relative privacy of his room, so the teachers caught him with his metaphorical fly open. Dumbledore turned pale, as Voldy took control of Quirrell's body to push it out of the curse's way and weave through those of the other teachers. "What have you done Tom." Dumbledore whispered. "You finally found Quirrell out, eh Dumbledore, no matter, I'll fight past you and get the stone now." With a final sibilant hiss, Quirrellmort began to rain spells on the group of teachers who had come to apprehend him. Despite their proficiency at dueling, most of the teachers were just that, teachers, and fell to Voldy's initial onslaught of spells. After the first couple, several teachers were down with bone-breakers and blood-boilers, surprisingly Voldy had thrown no unforgivables, which Dumbledore later realized was because of the alarm attached to Hogwarts' wards that would alert the ministry. Flitwick, Snape, McGonagall and Dumbledore were the only teachers left standing. "It's four on one, Tom, you might have beat me alone, but you'll never get past all of us in your weakened state." There was a hint of fear in Voldy's eyes but he laughed, "I don't need my full power to dispatch your entourage." The onslaught of spells that met him thought otherwise. McGonagall was the first to fall, as Dumbledore and Voldy upped the ante in terms of spells, now sending conjured rocks at each other and animating the debris. McGonagall was hit by some rubble that had been turned into a makeshift gargoyle by Voldy, she was knocked out cold by a gash to her forehead which flung her into the already broken wall on the other side of Quirrell's office, probably breaking a few bones too. Voldemort summoned darkness to his aid, sending spikes of necromancy at Dumbledore. A brilliant phoenix made out of flames shot out of Dumbledore' wand, eating up the measly spikes of darkness and hurtling into Voldemort, sending him flying into the wall and scorching his entire office. Dumbledore and his merry crew converged on where Quirrellmort had collapsed. As the smoke cleared, they saw Quirrellmort standing, mostly unburnt and only a little scorched but breathing heavily with a gash across his chest courtesy of Snape. "Is that the best you can do, Tom, party tricks with necromancy, you're weak in this state, just surrender yourself." Dumbledore said, sounding every bit the war general, the generous headmaster magically vanishing in that moment. "You will never beat me Dumbledore!" Quirrellmort screeched, sending a huge jet of water that took the form of a snake at Dumbledore, it was especially effective in the closed quarters as there was no place to move for Dumbledore. Dumbledore waved his wand and enveloped himself and his two companions in a bubble that was hit hard by the water and sent rocketing into the other side of the corridor, through McGonagall's office and would probably have gone through the wall of McGonagall's office if Dumbledore hadn't forcefully stopped their bubble, jerking them into the wall with inertia as Dumbledore popped the bubble and defended against the string of curses from Voldy while Flitwick and Snape gathered their wits. Voldemort had gotten more creative with his darkness attacks, sending arrows of darkness and spears of darkness hurtling at Dumbledore who used elemental magic to counter and respond with his own attacks. Dumbledore conjured a huge whip of fire and sent it at Voldemort, not even waiting to see what happened before casting depulso on the debris that Voldemort's latest attack had created, sending it flying back at Voldy. Voldemort quickly turned the debris into sand, flinging it at Dumbledore' face and replied to the fire whip with a shield of ice. Unfortunately for Voldemort, the fire whip burned right through the weak ice shield, lashing Voldemort across the chest and sending him flying through the window and flung him all the way into the great lake. Dumbledore cursed, as Voldemort rose out of the water on a tidal waved which crashed onto shore and headed at top speeds towards the building of Hogwarts, sending students screaming in every direction. Dumbledore did the only sensible thing he could. He jumped out of the window. *** End of Chapter. An: And that's the first major duel. You may have noticed that Dumbledore is winning, that's cuz Voldemort is possessing Quirrell, Quirrellmort can't harness Voldy's full power, so he's not strong enough to beat Dumbledore.
An: I have noticed from a review that the line 'Dumbledore jumped out the window' may have seemed like he lost. What I meant was that after blasting Voldemort through the window, he jumped out to confront Voldemort, who was already on the ground outside the window. I hope that cleared it all up. *** Present Dumbledore cursed, as Voldemort rose out of the water on a tidal wave which crashed onto shore and headed at top speeds towards the building of Hogwarts, sending students screaming in every direction. Dumbledore did the only sensible thing he could. He jumped out of the window. Flicking his wand to slow his descent, Dumbledore dropped onto the ground, rolled, with agility not seen from anyone else his age and shouted in his most authoritative voice. "All students, get inside the building!" The effect was instantaneous, all the panicking students took comfort in the power being exerted by their headmaster, and they rushed inside Hogwarts. The heavy door of Hogwarts swung shut after the last of the students, intricate locks on the door locked, sealing the castle shut. Students gathered at the windows to see the fight between the Headmaster and… Voldemort!? Students fainted, as they realized who exactly was being dueled by Dumbledore. Flitwick and Snape tried to keep order, sending kids who had been hurt by the tidal wave to Madam Pomfrey, where all of the teachers were. *** With Harry The detention had taken place before dinner, the attack on Quirrell directly after dinner, most students rushed straight from dinner to one of the overlooking classrooms, nobody dared to go to the first floor rooms, Harry himself found a spot with Hermione at the very corner of one of the second floor classrooms with a good view. 4 out of the 13 people in the room had fainted and most of the rest looked about ready to join the 4. Harry and Hermione were the only remotely calm people. "It can't be… not him!" one of the seventh years cried out. "You know who…" another students whispered. Out on the front lawn/battlefield, the fight between the two greatest wizards of their respective times fought it out. Not even the most experienced seventh years had ever seen what Dumbledore was truly capable of, he always portrayed himself as the slightly eccentric grandfather figure. *** Out on the battlefield More spikes of darkness were hurled at Dumbledore as Voldemort followed up with a barrage of spells and fiendfyre. Dumbledore blocked with a wall of ice, far more stable and cold than Voldemort's had been, though it still broke on impact with the fiendfyre. Dumbledore sent his phoenix patronus to take the fiendfyre head on. Harry made a note to himself to see exactly what curses the patronus dealt with. The brilliant white glowing phoenix cut right through the fiendfyre before dissipating into mist, blinding Voldemort for a precious second in which Dumbledore hurled rocks, transfigured into flaming arrows at Voldemort. Seeing the arrows too late to cast anything, Voldemort instead dodged the arrows, weaving through the path but still getting hit with a few, he summoned forward the water from the lake, drenching himself and putting out the fire caused by the arrows. Voldemort vanished the arrows and sealed the wounds rudimentarily in a split second, the second that it took Dumbledore to depulso Voldemort away, breaking a few bones. "Give up Tom." "Never!" Quirrellmort rasped, brandishing his wand, sending another volley of dark curses, which Dumbledore shielded against, sending his own volley of mostly light spells back at Voldemort, matching his speed beat for beat. The crowd was in awe, they watched the volleys of spells from Voldemort that had brought the most experienced of aurors to their knees and shamed the great Mad Eye Moody be matched by Dumbledore, the doddery old school teacher. With a flick of his wand, Dumbledore redirected Voldemort's latest curse back at himself, something that could only be done by a caster stronger than the strength in the spell, something usually only done in duels to piss off weaker opponents and display your dominance. Quirrellmort screamed in rage, sending irregular bursts of elemental magic, throwing spears of ice and fire at Dumbledore who calmly countered and blocked Voldemort. Quirrellmort heaved with the pressure of the magic flowing through the weak body of Quirrell. ,With sweat dripping from every place of his body, he summoned a large block of darkness giving it the likeness of a hammer and smashed it into where Dumbledore was standing before collapsing to his knees, Quirrell's magic had been completely spent. Dumbledore emerged from the rubble protected by a pink dome that was cracked everywhere but still holding. He let the shield go, only slightly winded after the entire battle. Dumbledore waved his wand at Quirrellmort's fallen body. Heavy cords made of metal wrapped themselves around Quirrell restraining him completely. Quirrellmort screamed out in rage as Dumbledore took his wand and pocketed it. "You won't be needing this back Tom." With that, Dumbledore called Fawkes, his phoenix and they flashed to his office with Quirrellmort in tow. *** Dumbledore's office Quirrellmort was bound in the chair in front of him, with three drops of veritaserum down his throat. "What is your name." Dumbledore asked. "Tom Marvolo Riddle." Voldemort replied, hating every second. "How did you ensure your immortality." "…Using dark rituals…" the answer was forced from his mouth. Dumbledore cut to the chase, "Have you or have you not made horcruxes." "…" "…" Voldemort resisted, refusing his breath, turning blue in the face before the potion forced him into revealing to Dumbledore the answer. "… y…e…s…" *** End of Chapter. An: This chapter was kinda sorta really short but I thought that was a good place to end off the chapter, cuz I only wanted this one to include the fight and the interrogation. I did extend the fight a bit just to fill out my 1000 words minimum, but I still didn't quite get there, hence this long An. PxFive out.
An: I hope you enjoy. :-) *** Dumbledore's office, present Dumbledore cut to the chase, "Have you or have you not made horcruxes." "…" "…" Voldemort resisted, refusing his breath, turning blue in the face before the potion forced him into revealing to Dumbledore the answer. "… y…e…s…" Dumbledore's expression grew more serious. "How many." He asked, simply. "6 horcruxes." Voldemort said with great difficulty as he tried to fight the effects of the veritaserum. "What are they, where are they?" Dumbledore asked, his voice growing more urgent and distraught. Voldemort managed a shaky smile. "That information is hidden behind secrecy spells in parseltongue that even veritaserum cannot extract from me." Dumbledore nodded then pointed his wand at Voldemort, "Exorcizamus." Voldemort's soul was dragged out of the body slowly. The last thing this part of Voldemort's soul knew was pain as Dumbledore banished it to the afterworld using an intricate, grey-at-best ritual to finally put an end to Voldemort… or at least the first part of Voldemort's soul. *** Next day, great hall "Last night, I fought and beat Voldemort. He was in a much weakened form that gave me the inherent advantage so that minimal damage was done. Rest assured, he is not dead. He has used dark rituals that I need to counteract before he can truly be entirely sent to the afterlife. You have seen him with your own eyes, do not stick your head in the sand, and most of all, be brave, in the possibility of dark times in a few years' time, you may or may not still be in Hogwarts, but I hope you will remember my words." Dumbledore bowed his head and stepped off his speech pedestal, going back to his throne like chair to polite but scared applause. Hermione leaned over to Harry, "What do you think Voldemort did? Dumbledore seemed positively disgusted when he was talking about that." "Magic is not supposed to transcend death; Voldemort probably did heinous things to gain his immortality. It did sound like Dumbledore knew what he had to do to stop Voldemort once and for all." Hermione nodded her agreement, "He looked hopeful of his chances, so maybe Voldemort won't come back again." Harry nodded, "We can hope. But until then, we have exams to prepare for." *** Exam time Both Harry and Hermione aced most of their exams. Hermione did marginally better in the theory portions while Harry excelled in the practical but still did mostly Os in the theory too. In Charms, they had to merely make a pineapple tap-dance across a table, which Harry did with a flick of his wand and a whispered incantation, giving the pineapple comically large legs AND arms, having it do a complicated ballet move across the desk, making Flitwick squeak in excitement. Hermione managed the standard spell perfectly, doing the assigned dance move perfectly with her Pineapple's average-sized, regular legs. In transfiguration, they were turning a dormouse into a snuffbox. Harry made a golden box with the Hogwarts crest engraved on it and a 3-digit number lock on the clasp. McGonagall lauded his transfiguration and let him keep the box, saying that she didn't need to judge it further to give him an O. Hermione too managed to create the snuffbox, it was matt-black and plain with a simple silver clasp. In DaDA, the exam was taken by Professor Dumbledore, and almost everybody did badly, because of Quirrell's horrible, thankfully Dumbledore came to the classes rescue and made the lowest grade he assigned an acceptable. For the exam, they had to demonstrate the regular dueling, and the regular fighting stances,(Dumbledore made sure to emphasize the difference) and then demonstrate a stinging hex, a tripping jinx and a petrificus totalus spell. Harry had perfected the stance, and managed the spells through self-learning of basic defense techniques which he seemed to pick up extremely quickly and got a comfortable O and praise from Dumbledore. Hermione messed up on the two stances, never having practiced those but managed the spells, having read up on the theory behind them with Harry. From what Harry heard, only a few of the Slytherins and one Hufflepuff managed to get decent grades in DaDA apart from them. In Herbology, neither Harry nor Hermione managed to do the practical perfectly but they did manage to follow the instructions and repot the plant without breaking any of it, which Sprout assured them was at least an EE at the start of class. In the Herbology theory, Hermione did perfectly but Harry again did okay, perhaps a high A or a low EE, because he had neglected his Herbology studies quite a bit. In the potions practical, they had to brew a forgetfulness potion which Harry and Hermione managed perfectly, Hermione's was a shade of blue lighter, and would provide a shorter effect than Harry's which was a sky blue colour. Snape grudgingly marked them as Os in his book. In the potions theory, both of them knew everything and got a perfect score, like in transfiguration and charms. *** Later, Hogwarts They got their marks from the exams back the next day, Harry had Os, in DaDA, Charms, transfiguration and Potions and a lone EE in Herbology. Hermione got Os in DaDA, Charms and transfiguration and an EE in Herbology and Potions. Both were very happy with their grades, though Hermione was a bit distraught that she got an EE in Potions and proceeded to ramble about what she did wrong in her practical that could possibly have pushed her grades down, and Harry had to stop her from speaking the entire day away. *** Next Day It was the last day at Hogwarts. "The year has gone by so fast…" Harry mused to Hermione who nodded vigorously. "Yes, I can't wait to come back!" Harry wrinkled his nose at the idea of going back to the Dursleys. "Yeah, so am I, let's get down to the train." Harry said, and set off at a brisk walk to the train that Hermione had to almost jog to keep up with. "Wait up, 'Arry!" Hagrid called out, from behind him. Harry stopped and spun around to see the friendly half-giant standing there, a bit nervously with a black photo album in his hands. "Err, just a bit of an early birthday present…" Hagrid said, handing the album to Harry. "… I gathered some photos of yer parents, what I had and some others." Hagrid saif. Harry felt a rush of gratitude and hugged the half-giant… or tried to anyway, his hands wrapped awkwardly halfway around Hagrid's torso. Hagrid hugged him back, almost crushing him to death. "Thank you." *** End of Chapter
*** Present After the excitement and charm of Hogwarts, the Dursleys' home at Privet Drive seemed more drab and boring than ever, not to mention the Dursleys themselves who cracked down on him like never before. While he previously enjoyed a level of freedom afforded to him by the Dursleys, he was now grounded to his room and fed through a cat-flap, Harry cursed his fate as he was hoping to catch up on his muggle schoolwork during the summer, by perusing the Public Library that was two blocks down from Privet Drive. Unfortunately, Harry had to spend his time locked up in Dudley's spare bedroom, reading ahead on magic, trying to learn the practical through the theory, shaking his head in amusement at the similarity to Hermione's study techniques, the one that he spent almost the entire year trying to dissuade her from. He had gotten Hermione's landline number on the train ride back however he hadn't had an opportunity to escape from his room and use the phone. Presently, he was practicing his ticket to freedom, wandless magic. Harry had several books on the topic, the theory was basically to forcefully push magic out of your fingers, which was hard to do because a lot of the energy was lost in transit and it was not as efficient as using a wand. Harry had been practicing pushing magic through his finger to perform the alohomora charm on the padlock that kept him shut in his room. His ideal time for breakout was between 11:30 and 12:00, when Dudley was at school, Vernon was at work and Petunia was meeting her dietician (cuz she totally needed one) at the other end of the city. "Alohomora." Harry whispered urgently, pressing his finger against the door, at about where the lock was on the other side, as he heard the front door slam shut and Petunia's car engine rev up. The door shuddered slightly and Harry heard slight clicking sounds from the lock but upon trying the handle, the door wouldn't budge. "Alohomora!" Harry said again, pushing the entire weight of his sizeable magical core into the spell, this time the door clicked louder and Harry heard the telltale thud of the padlock falling off the door on the other side. Harry grinned jubilantly, his first piece of true wandless magic, and younger than any recorded wizard in the past. Harry was feeling a larger drain on his core than a hundred alohomoras but his magical core was definitely large enough to handle the drain. The door swung open. Harry scooped up the padlock as he walked down the stairs. He dialed the number into the telephone and waited for someone to pick up. "Emma Granger, Granger dental practice, how may I help you." A voice said at the other end, sounding vaguely like a grown-up Hermione. "Hi, this is Harry, Harry Potter, could I speak to Hermione?" Harry asked, putting on his most butter-up-ey polite voice. "Ah, Harry!, Hermione's told us about you, you really must come over some time." The woman's voice thawed a few degrees, as practiced professionalism slipped into carefree joviality in a manner reminiscent of Hermione again, reminding Harry of the friend he hadn't seen for almost a month. Harry heard Hermione's mum call out for her a few times before getting back on the line, "She's on her way, so when can I speak to your relatives to organize a play date?" Hermione's mother chattered on till the phone was snatched from her hand. "Mum!" Hermione's exasperated voice carried over the phone. "Hey Hermione." Harry started somewhat awkwardly, the idea of a telephone was still somewhat novel to him. "Hello Harry, sorry about that, I don't have many friends so mum was really happy that I made a friend. She's wanted to invite you over for the entire summer. She was quite put out when I didn't have your phone number, why didn't you call earlier, it's been half the summer? Have you done your holiday homework? How was the essay for Potions, I found it hard to research for without the library?" Hermione's seemingly endless excitable chatter came over the phone clearly. "My relatives don't like me using their phone, yes, yes and easy enough." Harry responded to her questions one by one as he had learned to do. "Oh." Hermione sounded a bit contrite to have forgotten about his situation with the Dursleys. "You can always come over here." Hermione said hopefully. "Hmm, I don't think my relatives would really care so I can probably come over for the rest of the summer. Where do you live?" "Insert London Address here" Hermione replied, "My parents run their dental business in the plot below our apartment." "I can get there today and stay for the rest of summer, would your parents mind? Harry asked. Hermione talked to her mother for a second. "She says that she has to speak to your relatives, but you're most welcome." Harry hesitated, "I'll have them call this evening." "Will they let you come?" Hermione's voice was laced with concern. "They'll do anything to get rid of me." Harry said, with certainty that did nothing to allay Hermione's worry. *** That evening, Granger Household Emma picked up the phone, expecting Harry's relatives. From what she'd heard of the boy, he was nice and polite, as Hermione's first friend ever, he was always welcome at her house, so she'd readily agreed to let Harry come over. "Emma Granger, Granger Dental practice, how may I help you." "Listen here, Potter said you're willing to take him off me for the rest of summer." Vernon's gruff voice came across the speaker. Emma frowned, no safe guardian should sound like that. "Yes, I and my husband are willing to house Harry for the rest of the summer vacations." "Okay then, you sure you can't keep him with you for all summers?" Vernon asked, the hope in his voice disgusting the loving mother. "I'm sure we can arrange for Harry to come over for part of the holidays each year." The phone was abruptly cut from the other end and Emma frowned in disapproval, she would need to have a chat with her daughter's new best friend. *** I am back!
An: In the previous chapter, I mentioned that Dudley was at school during the summer vacations during which he shouldn't technically have school… I have no excuse, just go with it, it isn't a very important detail so I won't bother changing it, but if it makes you feel better, imagine that he was at his friend's house or something. Second and Last chapter of the summer. *** Hermione's house The bell rang at about 7 PM at the Granger's house, just before dinnertime. Hermione ran down the stairs, they were expecting Harry to show up today. As she opened the door, she could have sworn that she saw a purple triple-decker bus pull out from behind Harry faster than any muggle bus could ever hope to. Harry himself looked sort of sick and slightly ruffled, he was holding a cheap cup of hot chocolate in his left hand and his wand clutched in his right. "Harry!" Hermione exclaimed hugging the sickly boy tightly. "Hermione." Harry said, before twisting out of her grip and throwing up all over the sidewalk, getting a few weird looks from the people passing by. "I really hate Wizarding travel." Harry said, weakly, waving his hand over the mess three time, having it slowly vanishing into nothingness. Hermione looked at him awestruck, "Wandless magic! You're the youngest in…" "Ever… in recorded history." Harry said, grinning in pride, but his face darkened, "But there's no record of Voldemort's school days, so I doubt that figure is entirely accurate." "Come in." Hermione said, ushering her friend into her house. The Grangers were fairly rich, they owned a house bigger than Petunia's in Privet Drive, neatly organized but far homelier than that of the Dursleys. Harry found himself far more at home in 12 seconds at the Grangers than he ever had with 12 years with the Dursleys. Hermione's mother looked somewhat similar to Hermione, but with sleek black hair and equally large teeth. "Come in Harry! It's so nice to meet you, you're all that Hermione talked about all summer. I'm Emma, Hermione's mother, would you like some tea, have you had your dinner? Do you want to have dinner with us?" Hermione's mother said all at once. A slightly larger man with mousy brown hair, but no other real resemblance to Hermione came up, his smile was the kind that you couldn't help but like. "Hiya Harry, I'm Dan, sorry my wife can be kinda intimidating, but I'm sure you've had experience." He knowingly nodded at Hermione who rolled her eyes. "Nice to meet you, I haven't had dinner yet, I would be happy to." Harry said, not mentioning that he hadn't had breakfast or lunch either. The Grangers had made some pasta, a dish which Dudley used to love but Harry had never tried. "So Harry, I heard from Hermione that you topped her in a few classes, that's a real first for her, do you enjoy studying too?" Dan asked. Harry nodded, "Some people say knowledge is power, for magic that's far more literal, you need the knowledge to harness your magical potential. Being magically strong is highly important in the magical world." "Hermione said you play some magical sport." "Quidditch, it's played on brooms, it's dangerous but fun." Harry replied. Dan and Emma continued asking questions through dinner. *** Later, guest room Harry had been set up in the guest bedroom when he heard a deafening crack. A house-elf, mistreated by the looks of it cracked into Harry's room. Harry's wand was instantly pointed at the poor creature, it's tip lit up with the distinctive red of the stunning spell. "HARRY POTTER MUST NEVER GO BACK TO HOGWARTS!" the elf screeched. Harry raised an eyebrow, "Why." "THERE ARE DANGERS AT HOGWARTS! PLOTS ARE HAPPENING! HARRY POTTER SIR MUST NOT GO BACK TO HOGWARTS." "Who is behind the plot. Is it Voldemort." The house-elf looked distraught, "Not the dark lord but…" the house elf started banging its head on the table. "Very well then, I shall stay away from Hogwarts." Harry said calmly, lying through his teeth. The elf looked ecstatic before cracking away. "Weird elves." Harry muttered beneath his breath. *** Later The Grangers left their house on time, and reached the station early, Harry and Hermione packed the previous night and were ready to leave on the day. Harry decided to go through the barrier first, walking calmly at it and… bumping into solid rock. A few people looked at him weirdly, Harry grinned ruefully, playing it off as clumsiness. Hermione attempted to go through, more subtly, just edging up against the wall, also finding it solid. Harry meanwhile started writing out a letter. To Professor McGonagall, The barrier at Kings Cross Station refuses to allow Hermione Granger or myself into the station to catch the train. Would it be possible for alternative arrangements to be made for us. I am staying over at Hermione's house which is located at insert address in muggle London, Thanking you, Harry Potter He sent off the letter with Hedwig, telling her to deliver it quickly. *** Hogwarts, about an hour later McGonagall sighed. What had Potter and Granger gotten into now? *** Hermione's house McGonagall apparated to outside Hermione's house, having been there before. She rang the doorbell, it was opened by Harry and Hermione, dressed in casual muggle clothes. "Mr. Potter, Miss Granger." McGonagall nodded, "I understand there is some problem with getting onto the platform?" They nodded. "Hold onto my arm, I shall take you to Kings Cross to examine the platform then portkey you to Hogwarts, god forbid if the platform is open." McGonagall threatened. She cracked them over to the station. She waved her wand over the barrier muttering several spells under her breath. "There is elf magic imbued in this wall that is holding it together to deny people entry." She narrowed her eyes, " tell me honestly, did you order any of your house-elves to do this?" Harry let his confusion show on his face, "I have house-elves?" McGonagall's expression softened, "Ah, I forgot that Albus has not informed you about your inheritance and property." McGonagall ran her wand over the wand again, dispelling the enchantment before handing Harry and Hermione a port-key. "This will take you to the Gryffindor common room. *** End of Chapter.
An: Thank you all for 100 favourites and 200 follows and all of the reviews! I hope you enjoy this chapter too. *** Dumbledore's office McGonagall stood in front of the Headmaster's desk, cheeks flushed with anger and bitter retorts coming up in her mouth. "I'm telling you Albus, that boy isn't right there, he may have turned out okay, but there's no way that those stupid muggles could ever have been great parents for the boy but this is just insane, their behaviour could be classified as downright abuse!" McGonagall ranted. Dumbledore stared at her gravely from across the desk, "It seems that I need to take a trip to the Dursleys before the next summer." McGonagall shook her head, "You haven't seen them, Albus, there's no way they'll change their ways." She hesitated at the twinkle in Albus' eye, "You will not use magic on muggles" she said, narrowing her eyes. "It's where he's safest, Minerva, I can't trust any other protections to keep Harry safe, especially now that Voldemort has been proven to be alive." "There's got to be another way, you could keep him at Hogwarts, you do know that he spent half the summer with Ms. Granger anyway, right?" Dumbledore's face took on an expression of surprise, "He was with Hermione Granger?" "Indeed." "In a house with NO WARDS!?" he asked/shrieked. *** Lockhart's class The class that Harry was looking forward to least just happened to be the one that he had first. Hermione was virtually in love with Lockhart until Harry shot her down, not only pointing out the inconsistencies in the fraud's books but also the fact that half his magical solutions weren't even exactly the right thing. After learning that his books were fake, Hermione held the man in even greater disregard than Harry himself, Harry had to hold the indignant girl from tearing Lockhart a new one for "Lying… IN A BOOK!" "Okay class, I understand that you are supposed to read the textbooks before you come to class, so I shall hold a pop quiz on the most important aspects of Defence against the Dark Arts, at a second year standard of course." Lockhart smiled his award-winning smile at the students he was supposed to be teaching and handed out a test about his personal likes and dislikes. "Is there any way to get rid off this goddamn idiot?!" Harry thought as he wrote down random answers for the first test in Hogwarts that he had no doubt he would fail. "Doesn't there have to be some standardised course material for the exams?" Harry wondered. *** Later, Hogwarts Library "Hogwarts has historically held two board exams for their students, the European Standard, N.E. and the O.W.L exam accredited by Hogwarts itself. Students from 1st year to 4th year were previously taught as per the wishes of the teacher, however the charter of 1693 (A.D) instated the Pre-OWL curriculum to be followed by the instructors in charge of the subject." Harry was reading the latest copy of Hogwarts, A History and a plan began to form in the back of his mind. A plan to get rid of one GIlderoy Lockhart. *** Lockhart's class again "I'm afraid that very few of you scored well on the diagnostic test, I guess I'll have to whip you guys into shape then, Professor Dumbledore did say that most of you were slightly behind." He opened his Werewolf book, "Ah! Let's get Harry up here to play the Wagga Wagga werewolf. Harry raised his hand, "Unfortunately sir, calling me up alone may violate the 13th charter of 1208, so may I suggest transfiguring and animating one of the dummies in the corner, as a man of your skill obviously can?" Harry said, sweetly. Lockhart paled slightly, "Ah, of course not Harry, I forgot about the 13th charter of 1208, so many from that year, you know? I don't think its necessary to transfigure and animate the dummy, it is quite advanced magic. I don't want to spend all my energy." "Oh, no problem, sir, your… energy is very important." Harry said, sounding somewhat earnest and waving his wand at the dummy, turning it the distinctive grey of werewolf fur and transfiguring a snout and turning the legs into the heavy-set werewolf kind, putting bright red eyes as a finishing touch, leaving a convincing approximation of a werewolf. Lockhart jumped back with a yelp and pulled out his wand. Once he recovered, he took a deep breath and smiled weakly. Harry smiled, barely hiding the glee behind his smile, "Would you like me to help by animating it too?" Harry asked. "NO!" Lockhart cried, he hastened to add, "No dark magic in this class." "But it isn't dark magic, its just Hogwarts second year magic." Harry flicked his wand and the Werewolf started lugubriously doing a swaying tap-dance in the direction of Lockhart. Lockhart gave a look of terror and flung his wand at the animated doll. Harry gritted his teeth with the heavy expense of magic at animating the huge figure but continued pushing his magic into the spell. Lockhart ran into his storeroom and locked the door. Harry let the animation fail, beads of sweat coming down his forehead as the dummy fell to the ground. Hermione was smirking, "Serves him right, he deserves worse!" Harry shuddered at the viciousness in Hermione's voice and vowed to never get on his best friend's bad side. Harry smiled widely, this hadn't been part of his plan, but it would certainly hurt Lockhart's credibility. Their class left early after it was made clear that there was no chance that Lockhart was coming out of his office. *** Elsewhere Somewhere else in the castle, a student, possessed by Tom Marvolo Riddle stumbled into the second floor girls bathroom. ~Open…~ the student hissed in the language of snakes. And the bathroom sink moved aside to reveal an ominous passage. The student descended down the chute, almost comically fast. The Student reached the bottom and spoke once more. ~Speak to me, Slytherin of the Greatest Four…~ *** End of Chapter
An: I thought that I should point out that I previously said that Lockhart used a wrong spell in his book, somebody commented that his books were correct but performed by someone else, which is true, however it is mentioned that Lockhart copied down spells incorrectly and did not get all the facts, I haven't read canon in a while, so maybe it's something I picked up in a fanfic, but that is the way that it is in this story. *** Hogwarts, Present The news of Lockhart's cowardly escape spread through the castle like wildfire, girls who were previously besotted with the blonde defence professor were now shooting betrayed expressions at him. Harry's plan would work flawlessly with the population of Hogwarts already willing to believe that Lockhart was now the bane of all existence. *** Hogwarts Library, later Harry was in the traditions section of the library, searching where one would find histories on the oldest pureblood families. Harry opened one of the biggest tomes in the section titled, "Ye Olde Families" and searched under the letter P, surprised at the number of families under the list that had died out. Pewter Pelven Provit Peverell Prewett Potter … POTTER! Harry flicked through the pages excitedly, finally coming to the substantial section on the Potters. "The Potters are one of the oldest Pureblood families, tracing their bloodline in England all the way back to the Pre-Merlin eras. In recent times, the family has come under more liberal leadership, starting with 17thcentury rebel Pureblood Thomas Potter who used the significant weight of the family to pass the first of many muggle-rights laws and amendments passed by the Potter family in the most recent centuries. The Potter was, at one point, the richest family in magical Britain but in recent years their fortune has dwindled, losing millions of galleons in the wars against Dark Lord Grindelwald and Dark Lord Voldemort, under the leadership of Charles and later James Potter. However, the family still retains a large amount of their wealth, including their mansion, hailed to be the grandest building in Europe in the 18th Century, the peak of the Potters." He had a mansion? Harry's mind went reeling. He knew the Potters were a pureblood family, but he expected that he would know if he owned a mansion. British laws did not allow use of the family vault until one became of age, but the mansion was traditionally handed to the oldest family member as soon as the previous family member died, so Harry would technically have owned the place, and it's house-elves since he was one year old. He would have to write a letter to Gringotts, Dumbledore as his magical guardian should technically have told him about the mansion when he joined the wizarding world at 11 years of age, but McGonagall mentioned that Dumbledore didn't want him to know all about his family yet. Harry assumed that this was because Dumbledore didn't want him getting drunk on his power and buying into the pureblood nonsense, and while Harry still believed that Dumbledore has stuck his nose where it didn't belong once again, he grudgingly agreed that Dumbledore's reasons were probably for his good. *** Next day, Gringotts Dear Teller Griphook, May your enemies blood taste the ground, It has come to my attention that the Potter family has a mansion and that by standard british law, I am now in possession of it. Since all Potter holdings are managed by Gringotts, I was wondering whether I could get the location and the list of wards on the Potter manor, May the gold of your enemies fill your vaults, Your customer, Heir Potter. Griphook read the letter approvingly, not only was the Potter heir courteous, he was also intelligent. *** Next morning, Hogwarts Harry opened the letter addressed to him, hoping for an answer. To , The Potter manor is protected by a Tutela Fidelius, a variation on the fidelius charm which is anchored to the house itself, the knowledge can only be transferred to those whose names are written in the ward book. The Potter Manor is located at itself. May your enemies' gold fill your vaults, Senior Teller Griphook. A wave of old memories of a grand house flooded into Harry's head, memories of a grand renaissance style house returning to his head. Within a moment, Harry knew what his next plan was. He had to get to Potter manor. *** Lockhart's class Lockhart was putting more bravado into his latest class than he had before, trying to make up for his lost reputation, he didn't seem to blame it on Harry, which was perfect for Harry's plan. "Sir, a lot of students want to learn how to duel… do you think you could handle a duelling club, maybe that will let people know that you truly know your stuff." Harry suggested innocently. Lockhart seemed to brighten at an idea to regain his reputation. "Great idea, Harry! I think that a duelling club would be a great idea." "And sir, maybe after the first class, we could hold a duelling competition, separated by grade level of course, and the winner would challenge you." Lockhart looked like he couldn't keep up with Harry's train of thought so Harry elaborated. "Like the first through third years duel and the fourth-fifth years duel and the sixth and seventh years duel, then the three winners can challenge you to see how they stack up against real talent, of course, that would be you, sir." Harry said, making sure that there was no way for Lockhart to back out of the competition without seeming weak. "Of-Course." Lockhart stuttered out, "We can hold the first meeting tomorrow!" he said, smiling weakly. *** Next evening, Hogwarts The Possessed student walked down the hall to the first floor girls bathroom. Down the chute went the student. The basilisk was waiting as instructed. The serpentine voice of Voldemort spoke in parseltongue. ~Today, we shall hunt!~ *** End of Chapter.
An: Finally, the duelling club! I have lengthened the scene incredibly so that there's actual duelling, something that will exist more in this story than it did in canon. Lockhart will be as stupid as in canon, where he can't block a simple stunner, so don't be too surprised when Harry can curb-stomp him. *** Lockhart's duelling club "Welcome to the Duelling Club! In talks with Professor Dumbledore about his recent tussle, I decided to pass on a small modicum of my talent to you young children, I suggested that he partner with me, but being a very busy man, my new partner, recommended by the headmaster is…, drumroll please…, Professor Snape! Don't worry, I'll leave your Potions Professor in one piece for your classes tomorrow… just about." Lockhart laughed vainly as Snape scowled, looking like he would very much like to break Lockhart into itty bitty pieces and throw him in the Thames. "First off, we'll have a duelling tournament for this lesson, just for fun and the winner from each age group will get to fight me to see where you need to get to." Lockhart seemed a bit nervous at the idea of fighting them himself, but they were KIDS after all, he could claim he was going easy on them if he lost to one of the higher years. The age groups were divided into years 1-3, years 4-5, and years 6-7. Harry grinned, he'd practised his skills quite a bit, especially since the performance by Dumbledore and Voldemort that left anything he'd seen before in the dust. He was itching to try out his new skills. "Remember, fight to knock out the opponent, not fatally injure!" Lockhart grinned, "Sometimes I can get a little carried away myself…" he said, as if he had the strength to back it up. Harry's first opponent was a third year Asian Ravenclaw girl, who looked confident going up against a second year, even this second year. Harry started with the standard bow and then immediately started shooting spells, reducing and transforming the wand motions to a series of quick whips and cracks as jets of rainbow coloured lights emitted from his wand, most blinking out against Chang's bright blue shield, while the lithe girl rolled out from under the area of fire and sent back a few of her own, formidable and high level spells but not containing the speed that Harry possessed with his practise of proper duelling techniques. Harry weaved through the area of the spells, which were relatively accurate but far enough apart that they failed to build any pressure on the younger boy who responded with another string of spells, this time putting more power into it, crashing Chang's shield and forcing her to throw herself out of the way, a trick that Harry was ready for. A stunner was waiting in the corner Cho hurtled herself into, meeting a hastily summoned chair and destroying it. Lying on the floor, Cho was at a major disadvantage, gasping for breath and trying to block as many of Harry's spells as she could, rolling herself onto her feet somewhat awkwardly, shooting back a spell or two when she got the split second chance but nothing she sent hit Harry who looked like his multiple strings of spells hadn't taken much out of him. Harry waved his wand around in intricate patterns and directed a strong jet of water out of his wand, crashing right through Chang's shield and taking on the likeness of a lion's head, smashing right into the girl and knocking her against the wall, drenching her and leaving her shivering and shaken, falling prey to a causal stunner from Harry that won him the game. Harry cracked his knuckles and smiled, Cho was considered one of the best duellers in the younger age group and was the favourite to win, though his fight had been mildly challenging, he could beat the girl with relative ease, meaning he was doing quite well on duelling practise. His next few battles were pitifully easy, most falling to his first barrage of spells that was relatively simple and one of the simplest textbook barrage techniques that any respectable dueller could perform. Draco Malfoy was a bit more of a challenge, having been taught how to fight a little bit dirty by his father. Malfoy fought with scare tactics reminiscent to the death eaters, his first move was to conjure a large snake, which Harry promptly vanished and sent a burst of air to clear Malfoy's smoke-screen, catching the pureblood heir with a stunner once he managed to press him properly in one-on-one magical combat, after Harry outmanoeuvred Draco and pushed his advantage. The last battle of his group was him against Hermione who had also done remarkably well though she certainly looked worse for wear. Harry started with a slightly more complex opening streak, all off which either hit Hermione's shield or were dodged by the witch who moved forward aggressively, something not normally done against a faster opponent, as less space meant less dodge time. Hermione rapid fired spells at Harry, faster than Cho had, unfortunately, while she had speed, she didn't have efficiency in movements and insisted on separate movements for each spell and less fluid motion which meant that Harry still had the upper hand despite being pushed back a bit by Hermione's furious casting. Harry spurted another stream of water, using his recently learned basic elemental magic to it's best. Hermione sent a freezing charm at the water with froze it, letting it act as a shield for Hermione as she shot her spells around the ice, which Harry took 3 spells to tear down the hindrance and once more continue the battles, fighting hard now, his spells getting harder and harder, pushing the bookish girl back, lest she get hit. With her on the back foot again, her edge was lost and the smart witch couldn't keep up with Harry's heated barrage for much longer. Hermione started to slow, stopping her attacks completely and reinforcing her shield, building her magic and throwing one last strong stunner before one of Harry's clipped her and she fell, unconscious. Harry was breathing hard, Hermione was as good, if not better than Cho Chang, and quite a challenge for him, despite his pretty much assured victory. Harry watched as a Hufflepuff, Cedric something-or-other, won the 4th/5th years and some Gryffindor won the 6th/7th year tournament as well. *** End of Chapter I hope you enjoyed, Lockhart duelling will be next chapter.
DRUMROLL PLEASE! An: I've made Lockhart a little (LITTLE) stronger than canon, in that he can perform spells, just so that his performance isn't nothing at all. An2: I'm speeding up the plot of canon quite a bit, so that I won't be focussing on things that happened in canon TOO MUCH so that I can focus on some of the ideas that I have for this story An3: ALSO, I did take Arcturus from Honour Thy Blood, my character isn't exactly the same but the essential concept for the character is from that fanfiction so I would like to acknowledge it. Sorry for the super long Ans. :-) MINOR REVISION: As CaseLC pointed out in his review, the line "just in time to come across , hanging dead, or petrified his mind corrected, on the wall." should include "a cat", this was not that I forgot to add the cat but rather that I wrote , which fanfiction thought was a url (i think), so when I tried to update, it didn't work, but as of now, I have added "a cat" rather than and that should fix the problem. If you've read this chapter already, don't bother reading again. Thanks! *** Duelling Club Lockhart seemed exceedingly nervous from the battles but smiled shakily. "We're running a bit short of time, but I'll do as many of the duels as I can…" Lockhart said, sounding like he was concerned about them getting back to bed and not his own reputation, "Let's have young Harry up here first!" Harry smiled politely and came up to the stage. Harry inclined his head elegantly, Lockhart bowed comically deep and flung his arm into the air, sending the first spell, a weak expelliarmus which went way over Harry's head. Harry didn't even move from his spot as Lockhart sent spells flying into the walls. One came sort of close to Harry and he caught the spell on his wand and flung it back, hitting Lockhart in the nose and having his wand fall out of his hand. Harry threw his best combo at Lockhart, sending Lockhart flying, giving him a red nose, a black eye, several painful stinging hexes, tripping him in mid-air, forcing him to summersault and sending his regained wand flying into Harry's hand the way powerful disarming curses did. Lockhart landed with a thud and a groan and Harry could have sworn he saw Snape smile. "Oh, Professor Lockhart! You didn't have to go THAT easy on me… I really want to improve, how about another one where you don't hold back, I want you to be brutally honest about my skill." Harry said earnestly, in a way that wouldn't allow Lockhart to slip through. A trickle of blood seeped through Lockhart's lips from the impact but he smiled jitterily. "Sure my boy, but go easy on me, these injuries might slow me down a bit." Harry nodded deferentially and took his stance, which Lockhart clumsily reciprocated. "Stupefy!" Lockhart went for the simple (enough for him to understand) but efficient strategy and sending a weak stunner in the approximate direction of Harry, following it up with a Petrificus Totalus, which Harry had to actually block with a shield. Lockhart briefly let the triumph of getting a shot near his target take over his face, and this time, Harry sent a knockback hex right at the unnaturally white grin that Lockhart possessed. Lockhart's front two teeth cracked, marring his smile and getting a wail of dismay and tears welling up in his eyes from that. Harry feigned concern while the student populace sniggered at the expense of their defence professor. Snape dismissed the class, after it was ascertained that Lockhart was inconsolable. Harry left the class and was heading to dinner when he heard the voice. ~Rip… Tear… KILL!~ With extremely ironic foresight, Harry slipped on his invisibility cloak, following the voice as it moved through the walls, leading him down to the second floor girl's bathroom just in time to come across a cat, hanging dead, or petrified his mind corrected, on the wall. Harry was horrorstruck, especially by the message in the background. MUDBLOODS BEWARE! THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS HAS BEEN OPENED! Harry heard people coming up behind him and deigned to get out of there before someone bumped into him, implicating him for the crime as he was under his invisibility cloak. *** Inside a very specific diary… Tom Riddle laughed with glee, his possession had gone much smoother than expected. The silly blonde Ravenclaw was the perfect target, losing her mother had made her weak and malleable, the bullying by other ravenclaws only exacerbated the issue. Tom had an almost perfect grasp on her only a few months into the school year. Today, he had his first kill… well petrification… and a cat, but still, baby steps… She was a prisoner inside her own mind, not only for the short periods that Tom had been able to previously control her for but almost all the time, she only gained brief moments of lucidity. It would only be days… weeks at most before he gained complete control… Then the great Lord Voldemort would finally return! *** Black Manor The century old Black Lord awoke with a hacking cough. Arcturus Black's wrinkled skin stretched across his hardened face as he yawned making him look almost youthful for a second. He got out of his elegant bed with surprising ease for a man of 114 years, cracking the old joints of his body, held together largely by magic. He headed to the large duelling room that the manor of his family believed, beginning to go through his katas, one by one, going through his morning routine that kept him fit and agile at his 114 years of age. Contrary to what his modern relatives believed, the original motto of the Blacks was "Pure of Magic" and not "Pure of Blood" as his insane daughter Walburga and his insane granddaughter Bellatrix had perverted it. Every day, he regretted the choice he had made to hand family affairs down to his daughter Walburga and her husband who ended up being basically her puppet. The old man allowed himself to reminisce in memories of when he was younger, fitter, stronger… He had been one of the leading generals of the war for England, against Grindelwald, alongside his long-time friend Charlus Potter and Albus Dumbledore. Around the peak of the first war against Voldemort, in the 1970s, he himself was approaching his hundredth year of life, and wasn't keeping up with his age as well as the great Hogwarts Headmaster. Still, since the death of his friend Charlus, he and his old colleague Albus were the only ones capable of facing off against Voldemort, and Dumbledore utilised a hands off espionage strategy that didn't lead to much fight back. Unfortunately, the Voldemort war was much closer to home and had hit the British Ministry much harder than thought possible, they had lost dozens of their best fighting Voldemort and his Death Eaters. After Harris Bones' untimely death, Bagnold's reign over the ministry had been a nightmare for Britain and a dream for Voldemort. The Ministry withdrew support from the war and left Dumbledore to form his own vigilante group while Arcturus himself tried to do the best he could on his own, being quite a formidable dueller. A fact, that had to be grasped about magical wars, was that while there were armies involved, up to hundreds of wizards and witches, the battle was usually decided by the leaders, the truly powerful who popped up once every handful of decades. While the Death Eaters and the Aurors existed and fought each other actively in battles, the war would only be over when somebody, Albus, Arcturus or maybe somebody else, fought and defeated Voldemort in one on one battle. It had been the same with the Grindelwald war, while the allies were winning heavily, especially on the muggle side of things, it was Dumbledore's duel with Grindelwald that finally decided the war. That was just the way things tended to go. Thus, in the heart of the Voldemort war, Arcturus challenged the upstart Dark Lord before he got any older and lot more of his magic, and before the sprightly young Voldemort gained more power. Unfortunately, it was not to be. It was later called the battle of magical London. Magical London being an entirely magical city that was raised high into the sky and hidden from muggles. That city does not exist today. It was a great and terrible battle which Arcturus remembered vividly, the voice of Tom Marvolo Riddle… They exchanged spells first, moving up and up in level as behind both duellers rubble exploded, and was sent flying back at the opponent. Arcturus was the first to throw off the kiddy gloves, sending a whip of fire at Voldemort who created a serpent of water that ran itself right through it, turning to black smoke and throwing itself at Arcturus, who waved his wand, having the very wind bend to his will and throw the foul smoke back at Voldemort like a super-powered wind blower. The Dark Lord rose on a tidal wave of necromancy bigger than the biggest building in the city, crushing various monuments in the evacuated city and he hurtled towards Arcturus who was dwarfed by the giant wave of black magic. Arcturus waved his wand expansively, and a tidal wave of equal measure approached from his side, created not of black magic but of white flame. The older wizard took a magic enhanced leap that would not have been otherwise possible, reaching over both of the tidal waved, using the wind itself to hold himself high in the sky, conjuring a full fledged tornado and sending it flying at Voldemort. The Dark Lord whipped his wand, sending a knife of darkness cutting right through the conjuration of wind, halting only when it met Arcturus' hastily conjured magical shield as he returned fire with several decidedly grey (by the ministry's definition) magic. Voldemort let out a laugh as he effortlessly flicked away the bone-breakers that would have overwhelmed most wizards without a fight. "Pitiful, if this is the best that the great Arcturus Black can offer…" the vile snake-face gloated as he faced off against the 96 year old wizard. "Please, you're not even worthy to kiss my boots, Riddle!" Arcturus spat as he attempted to regain his breath and deflect the barrage of insanely fast spells that was being thrown upon him. Voldemort turned to his strongest combo, his "Unforgivable string" that comprised mostly of Avada kedavras and Crucios stringed together with a few extra quick-to-cast nasty curses and hexes thrown in just to speed up the rate of fire. "Avis!" Arcturus roared, conjuring hundreds of paper birds with razor sharp metal beaks and the majority of the string just hit the birds, as the remainder of the flock went flying at Voldemort at break-neck speeds, only to be incinerated by a small fire whip that melted the metal in the beaks and destroyed the paper utterly. Voldemort swung back the molten metal at Arcturus, who defended himself by pulling up a water shield that hissed loudly against the molten metal but managed to stop it… just barely. Arcturus sent a hail of arrows created from pure light magic flying at Voldemort who created the likeness of a huge shield above his head from dark magic, before crunching it into a big ball and throwing it at Arcturus, who apparated with a soft crack and appeared behind Voldemort, sending a heavy flood of water hurtling at speeds high enough to break every bone in Voldemort's body. The Dark Lord spun around, ignoring the ball of dark magic that destroyed the Ministry of Magic building. Voldemort managed to erect a hasty ice-shield but it shattered against the pressure of the water, and Voldemort was forcefully pushed away by the water, not injuring him badly but leaving him open, an opportunity that Arcturus would not leave alone. A bone-breaker hit Voldemort's leg and several other curses deflected off a shield conjured in the heat of the moment. As soon as Voldemort hit a building and stopped moving, he apparated back to where Arcturus was, moving behind him like the older man had done previously and creating a big hammer of darkness, smashing it down on the unsuspecting Black Lord's head. Arcturus spun around, moving pure light magic up in an attempt at a shield, only stopping the hammer briefly, enough to stop it from killing him. It slammed into him like a muggle lorry, and Arcturus was almost knocked from consciousness as he looked around at the wreckage of the city falling apart around him. As his vision faded, Arcturus shot a final bone-breaker at Voldemort and apparated away with a loud painful crack, ending up in his own fidelius-protected Black Manor, in critical condition. He spent several months recovering, by the time of which, Harry Potter had already taken down the Dark Lord. Coming out of his reminiscing, Arcturus went to fetch his breakfast from his house-elf. Dark Times were coming again, he knew it. He could feel the darkness moving, for it was not "dark spells" as classified by the ministry that were truly evil, it was necromancy, calling upon dark forces to do your bidding that was actually dark and the darkness was stirring. Arcturus was preparing himself for a war. One that would probably be the last that he ever saw. *** End of Chapter
AN: Sorry I made no sense in last chapter's Revision, I used the name of the cat with a dot, and it was removed as it had been in the actual chapter, stupid of me. I do hope you enjoy even if this chapter is slightly less action-oriented. *** Hogwarts Harry joined the back of the crowd that was gaping at the seemingly dead cat. Filch was throwing a hissy fit and demanding punishment. "With all due respect, Mr Filch, I don't believe that punishments can be handed out without identifying a culprit." Harry said, tired of the man's ranting. Filch turned to Harry. "YOU! It must have been you!" Harry raised an eyebrow, "I just arrived here, how could I have killed your cat." Dumbledore chose this moment to hunker up to the cat's body, "It's merely petrified." He said. "I DEMAND PUNISHMENT!" Filch roared. *** Longbottom Manor Dowager Longbottom was many things, a member of the Wizengamot and the Hogwarts board of governors among other things. She didn't receive many letters, apart from those from Gringotts or the ministry, which is why she was surprised to see the beautiful snowy owl enter her house with a small package with a letter. To: Dowager Longbottom, Hogwarts Board of Governors, Greeting, Dowager Longbottom, I trust you are well. I am writing this letter in concern over the qualifications of one of the professors at the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. I am afraid that Professor Lockhart does not seem to maintain the high standard of education that Hogwarts had upheld for centuries and takes pride in. Therefore, I am officially lodging a complaint against Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, with memory evidence of his incompetence attached below, Thanking you profusely, Heir Potter Augusta Longbottom was surprised. Not an emotion she'd felt in quite a while, not since wartime in fact. She knew Lockhart was a bit of a ponce but she hadn't expected an OFFICIAL complaint and hadn't supposed she could do anything about it in the Hogwarts board which was largely populated by those happy with the low standard of education and unwilling to get off their asses and change things. With memory evidence though… depending on the memory, there was a high chance that she could get Lockhart kicked out. With that in mind, she dove into the pensieve. *** Later 'That ponce lost to a second year!' Augusta thought numbly, "I have to call a meeting about this…" *** Hogwarts Board Meeting Around the room sat 13 people, the people in charge of the board of Hogwarts Governors, which consisted of Dowager Longbottom, Lucius Malfoy, and 11 shadowy figures who shall go unnamed. Malfoy turned his bored gaze to Augusta, "Pray tell, why have you called this emergency meeting, I had… business to attend to, Longbottom." "There has been a claim of incompetency on the part of Professor GIlderoy Lockhart, and after reviewing the evidence provided in the form of a memory, I believe that he should be removed but we do need to vote on it." "Perhaps showing us the memory would help us understand?" Shadowy Figure #1 asked. Augusta nodded and brought out a shrunken pocket-pensieve from her… pocket and the board viewed the memory. They voted. *** Next day, Hogwarts Augusta strode through the halls of the old castle with purpose and entered the Great Hall during breakfast time. "GIlderoy Lockhart, by the order of the Hogwarts Board of Governors, you have been declared grossly incompetent for the position of teaching that has been bestowed upon you, and the job is revoked, active as of now, please vacate the premises within one week, you may keep your pay for this month." The Dowager intoned. Lockhart paled, "This would destroy any remaining vestiges of his credibility. "Now, now, Augusta, can I call you Augusta, I'm sure whatever complaint from the students you've received is certainly exaggerated." Longbottom raised an eyebrow, "So, you would like to keep your position?" Lockhart nodded eagerly at the ray of hope. "Fine then boy, face me in a duel, regular duelling standards, lets go." Augusta stiffly bowed slightly to the blonde professor who looked extremely nervous but decided he could probably beat the doddery old woman. Big mistake on his part. Augusta gracefully moved out of the way of the first weak-ass stunner from Lockhart and retaliated with a trip-stun basic move that finished off Lockhart. "Dear God man, you're even worse than I thought you were." Augusta exclaimed in disgust. As Lockhart went to pack his things, a loud cheer rose for Dowager Longbottom, led by none other than Neville himself. "You go gran!" *** Hogwarts Library Elemental Magic remains some of the most powerful combative magic known to Wizard-Kind. While many would argue that spells themselves can provide a variety of effects far more easily and with far less power than elemental magic demands, but most curses (with the exception of the unforgivables) can be shielded against relatively easily, and ALL curses, including the unforgivable can be dodged, being just a beam of compressed energy until contact. Elemental Magic on the other hand cannot be easily shielded, can overwhelm an opponent easily and is usually impossible to dodge depending on the usage. Prominent masters of elemental magic in recent history include: Albus Dumbledore: Current Headmaster of Hogwarts and possibly greatest source of magical knowledge. FIlius Flitwick: Professor of Charms at Hogwarts School and former duelling champion, winning the world championship in the years 1964,1965 and 1967 before finally retiring from the international duelling community in 1969. Nicholas Flamel: Recently deceased alchemist and the only known recent creator of the Philosopher's stone, pioneer in the development of the art of elemental magic Perenelle Flamel: Wife to Nicholas Flamel, recently deceased Charlus Potter: Former Lord Potter and War General, deceased Arcturus Black: Lord Black, current status unknown, also a war general Helsinki Hauti: Lord Hauti, reigning duelling champion These are only a few of the most famous users of elemental magic, there are hundreds in this world, surprisingly less than you'd think though, considering that in the magical world, all 3 million wizards and witches have the capability to wield this field. This book will detail only the simplest of this powerful branch of magic, but be warned that this is not for those with weak magical cores, or those undedicated, Elemental Magic and its intricacies can only be truly mastered by those with true dedication. *** End of Chapter
An: In regards to a few reviews I've gotten, I'll refer to McGonagall as McGonagall from now on, cuz 'McG' makes me seem lazy and it really isn't that much trouble that I'm avoiding by typing McG. Also, I probably could use a beta on this story, but I still have no idea how that entire system works. Oh ya, I might as well point out that I don't and have never had a beta on any work I've every posted on this site, which is part of the reason (aside from the fact that I suck) that a little bit… some of… most of… my work seems a little rough around the edges. If you've read this entire block of text, thank you for reading my extremely boring rant and renewed thanks to the 165 (what a round number!) people who don't hate this story! An2: Also in regards to Arcturus, his plans with Sirius will begin in this chapter, but do remember I specified that Arcturus was recovering from the brink of death from the battle with Voldemort, while Harry beat him, which is also roughly the time Sirius was captured, so Arcturus wasn't around to enforce a trial. I'm sorry for including an extended AN but I just had to. (not really) *** Black Manor, 1981, after his duel with Voldy Arcturus Black flashed into the living room of Black Manor, bleeding to his death on the luxurious carpet. Tippy the house elf apparated into the living room, at the sound of Arcturus' arrival, a steaming tea platter already in her hands as she knew Arcturus would want. With a loud shriek, the tea platter hit the floor and shattered on contact, as the house-elf put the Black Lord into a long-term stasis charm, similar to cryogenics that would prevent immediate death and apparated the dying man to the first aid centre of the house. Thankfully for Arcuturus, he had made sure that his house elf was trained extensively in medication, and Tippy managed to get Arcturus out of critical condition quite quickly, however, it seemed that that Voldemort had laid several curses on Arcturus by the time the older man had managed to flee the fight. For the next several years, Tippy nursed her master back to health, waiting for certain curses to run their course, and refusing to take him to St Mungos because of his own orders while he was half-lucid enough to slur out orders. Until the year 1987, Arcturus healed, keeping himself a recluse from the world outside and eventually being declared a casualty of the war, until he was well enough to venture outside the fidelius-hidden manor. After many awkward questions, he found that Voldemort had been defeated by his sister's grandson and his own grandson, Sirius had been placed in Askaban for betraying James and Lily Potter, preposterous! He knew his grandson better than that. He supported him fleeing to Charlus and Dorea. He refused to kick him out of the family. He believed in his grandson, but unfortunately the Black Family, led by his daughter had brought their name to ruin to the point where Sirius was arrested for basically nothing. However, he couldn't get his grandson out of jail without evidence, and he knew he had to gather it. The first thing he found when he enquired after the Sirius Black file is that, apart from the arrest under suspicion filings, there was no trial listing or any sentencing, so why was his grandson in Askaban! After gathering all of this, he went and looked at the last letter Sirius had ever sent him. Hey Gramps! I know you haven't been replying to my letters for a while, and people suspect you're dead, but my owl finds you everytime. I hope you're okay wherever you are, either way, this is probably the last letter I'll send for a while. James, Lily, Remus, Peter and me are going into hiding. James and Lily made Peter the secret keeper on my suggestion, I'm playing decoy for him as this letter reaches you. Despite the fact that none of the marauders would EVER betray one of our own, Lily has urged me to write to you that in James and Lily's will, it is specified that Peter was their secret keeper as a contingency to keep me out of Askaban, not that we'd ever be betrayed, Sirius He had to get access to the Potters' will, which had not been read for some reason, which meant making contact with the Potter boy… the Potter boy who had been missing for the last decade… Well then, his best hope of getting Sirius out of prison was locating the Potter boy. *** September 1991 Harry Potter had finally returned to the Wizarding World! Arcturus had tried writing several letters to him, but they had all been returned with the magical signature of Albus Dumbledore on them. Bloody interfering nuisance. He knew Albus was working for the greater good the way he always did, keeping Harry away from somebody who pretended to be a dead man and head of the Black family, but at this point, he was rather annoyed of the old man keeping Harry from contacting him. There was only one way to get to Harry Potter now. He would have to keep Albus. *** Headmaster's quarters Albus Dumbledore was relaxing in the living room of the Headmaster's quarters, a surprisingly luxurious suite when his fireplace turned green, something that surprised Albus, as his personal floo wasn't a public one and most people who had access to it were either… indisposed or unlikely to call. "Yes?" Albus asked. "Let me through Dumbledore!" the annoyed baritone of Arcturus Black called out. Albus nearly had a heart attack. "Come through…" Albus said, planning to ambush the man coming through his floo, as he was obviously the person who was imitating being Arcturus in the many letters to Harry. The man stepped through the floo, and for a second Albus hesitated, the man really did look like his long-dead friend, but that was all the more reason for Albus to take revenge on the man spitting on Arcturus' grave by imitating him like this. Dumbledore immediately shot a complex chain of spells, all meant to bind the intruder, with an elemental ice binding to follow up, a chain that, ironically, no one short of the real Arcturus Black or Voldemort would be able to break through. But the intruder did, with relative ease too. "Seriously Albus, you see an old colleague for the first time in fucking years and the first thing you do is try to chain me up?" Arcturus' voice broke the awed silence as his wand smoked lightly with the quick counters to the spells and the fire elemental magic that melted the ice chains. "Arcturus…?" "Yes it's me, you old fool, who did you think it was?" "But… you're dead, I accepted that!" Dumbledore said numbly. "I never died, do you think that upstart Dark Lord could take me out?" Dumbledore grinned weakly, "You're the same as ever Black." "So are you, you meddling old fool, reflecting all my letters to my grand-nephew." Dumbledore looked slightly sheepish, "I thought that they were from dark families pretending to be you…" "And what dark family would pretend to be another dark family to get on Potter's good side?" "But you were-" "-his grandfather's friend, but you know how dark my family is considered, especially with that misconception around my grandson…" "Sirius Black… Arcturus, I know you've been out for a while, but Sirius Black betrayed James and Lily… I'm sorry Arcturus…" "My grandson was imprisoned without a trial, he is innocent! He was their decoy, and the proof is in Potter's will, there's a reason I want to talk to the boy." Dumbledore looked alarmed at the idea of Sirius being falsely imprisoned. "I-I thought you were going to talk to him about the coming darkness…" "So you think he's going to be the one…" "There is a prophecy." Arcturus raised an eyebrow, "It isn't often that the fates themselves handpick the frontrunner of the war themselves, how have you trained the boy?" Dumbledore looked slightly embarrassed, "I'm letting him have his childhood, he needs to grow up properly." "What nonsense are you speaking Dumbledore! Have you truly become senile in your old age! You know how close the darkness is, I know you can feel the grasp of the dark magic spreading! He must be trained at once, if he hasn't already been, it seems like there's one more thing to add to the list of things that I must talk to the boy about…" Arcturus looked Dumbledore in the eyes. "You know the boy will do well with your guidance as well, will you stick your head in the sand and leave he his training alone or aid me?" Arcturus asked with heat in his voice. Dumbledore held Arcturus' gaze before nodding slowly. "I will." *** End of Chapter
An: Awesomeness Ensues. BTW, yes, it was Harry reading up on elemental magic, sorry I didn't actually clarify that. *** Hogwarts, Present The year was going on as well as it could with the heir of Slytherin on the loose, threatening to petrify/kill somebody. Hermione and Harry had done a fair bit of research on the heir of Slytherin and according to the school records, Hagrid had been expelled for releasing the beast. "I can't believe it Harry! Hagrid is always so nice, there isn't a harmful bone in his body." Hermione protested. Harry rolled his eyes, "It is highly unlikely that Hagrid of all people is the heir of Slytherin, personally, with the timing of the event, it was probably around the time when Voldemort attended school, so my money is on him… though I guess we can't discount Hagrid, not after how sneaky Quirrell managed to be…" Harry said thoughtfully, "Maybe we can go down to him and-" "Harry Potter, Professor Dumbledore wants you in his office." *** Dumbles' office "So what DO you know about the boy?" Arcturus asked Dumbledore. "He is extremely intelligent, he excels in all his classes, has excellent wand-work, lives with muggles and understands their world." Dumbledore said. "What about our world. He IS the Heir Potter and if things go sourly probably the Heir Black too." "Well… in the interest of not letting him get too big of a head, I haven't informed the boy about his expansive vaults and influence in magical Britain." "You are a goddamn fool; the boy needs to know his power if he truly is going to be the one." Dumbledore sighed, "Very well, it seems like I have a lot that I need to make up for…" Dumbledore briefly exited his office and got a passing student to call Harry for him. "There, he should be here in a few moments." Dumbledore said, even as the password gargoyle relayed Harry's arrival. "Let him in." Dumbledore said. Just a second later, the two old men heard sharp raps on the old wooden door to the headmaster's office. "Come in Harry!" Dumbledore called out. Harry entered the room, noting the unknown man who seemed to be about Dumbledore's age. "Professor Dumbledore." Harry nodded. "You might be wondering why I've called you up here…" Dumbledore trailed off, unsure of what to start with. "Yes." Harry supplied an answer to the question. "… Well there was a prophecy made about you, one I was hoping to keep from you for at least a few more years to preserve your innocence… however certain friends of mine…" Dumbledore glanced over at Arcturus, "certain friends of mine have opened my eyes to the fact that you need to know now so you can be prepared." Dumbledore looked Harry in the eye and slowly recounted the entirety of the prophecy. Harry frowned, "Wasn't this prophecy fulfilled the night that Voldemort attacked my parents and I?" "I'm afraid that the wording of prophecies is never to be pondered over or relied on, which is why I didn't want to tell you but since Voldemort is still after your blood, it would seem that you will be in some way important in the coming war anyway." Harry frowned, "Why are we so sure that there WILL be a war, can't we stop Voldemort while he's still a wraith." Dumbledore and Arcturus exchanged glances, "Well, Voldemort has used dark rituals to anchor his soul to this world. It is a disgusting piece of magic by the name of a horcrux… He made seven of them but we don't know what they are. Since the end of last year, I have been searching for them with absolutely no success, but while the horcruxes exist and Lord Voldemort's followers still exist, war is likely. However, much more so than that is the fact that Darkness is rising at an alarming rate which means that war is basically imminent." Harry raised his eyebrows, "But dark magic is just magic. Why do you talk of it like it is sentient?" Arcturus took over the explanation, "What the idiots at the ministry classify as dark magic is just magic, there's nothing really dark about it. Actual dark magic, or The Darkness as many call it is a sentient being that used to have a vice-hold on this planet at some point, however with all the magicals in this world combined, Darkness was vanished as a whole into the void but it's tendrils remained to snake out into our world and remain present, trying to return to our world. What we know as necromancy is basically a summoning spell that pulls little bits of the Darkness back from the void, bits that then reside in the Necromancers that use them, at least Grindelwald, as dangerous and evil as he was, was smart enough to not mess with necromancy and drew a large amount of his magic purely from himself instead of intoxicating himself with the nigh endless power of the Darkness, however the one you know as Voldemort recklessly brought huge chunks of the Darkness back to strengthen himself." Dumbledore nodded gravely, "Currently, by my estimate, approximately 2% of Darkness is residing in our world and about 1.9% of that is because of Voldemort." "Actually Albus, make that almost 9% in the world." A smooth voice cut in from Dumbledore's fireplace. "Nicolas! Not you too!" Dumbledore groaned. "So… Can I come on through?" The Alchemist asked. Dumbledore merely waved his hand and the famed Alchemist came through the fireplace. "Any other old friends of mine who are coming back to life?" Dumbledore groaned. "Not that I know of, Al." Nicolas grinned jovially. "Uh… I'm sorry if I'm interrupting something but in this entire mess neither of you have given me names." Harry said. "Lord Arcturus Black, me and Albus will be training you up, and trying to free my grandson." "My name is Nicolas, Albus used to be my apprentice, a couple years ago." Harry made the connection immediately despite the lack of a last name, "Nicolas Flamel! But you were declared dead!" "I didn't really destroy the stone; this just gives me and Perenelle an extra layer of security." He said before turning to Albus seriously, "Me and Perenelle have removed ourselves from all wizarding conflict since we became immortal but I have a feeling that our help will be sorely needed, especially as the war generals from the last wars are getting especially old, and the 'one' as you call it is just a boy still." "Why do you keep calling me 'the one'." Harry asked suspiciously. "While most wizards participate in our wars to an extent, a war is really only fought by a few big figures. For example, in the Grindelwald war, your grandfather Charlus, Albus and Arcturus were the main figureheads of our side and the war was only won when Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald one-on-one despite overwhelming victories for our side in many battles. This is because unlike muggles, who can arm themselves en masse but are restricted by what they can do, magical power tends to be heavily concentrated in a select few, and only those of that few who choose to fight end up being the deciding figures." Nicolas explained. "So, because of the prophecy, you think I am the 'one'?" Harry air-quoted the 'one'. Dumbledore nodded gravely, "If not THE one then at the very least, one of the important figures in this war like your grandfather before you… and if Nicolas is right about the 9% then there is no avoiding war." "Of course I'm right about this Albus, you of all people should know how well I can detect the darkness." Albus nodded then turned to Harry, "Arcturus and I have decided to start your training slightly smaller, your schedule has been edited so that you have two hours free after breakfast every day, you will report to us then for some physical training, then after all your classes, you will report to us at 5 through 7 for some magical training, we will make sure that your homework is not compulsory as I know it can take up all your free time to complete it… of course, all of this is only if you agree to it, but with the upcoming war, I strongly suggest that you do, but if you do then you're in it for the mong haul, including 5 hour sessions on Saturdays and 3 hour sessions on Sundays. Are you okay with that, Harry?" Harry held Dumbledore's gaze for a long while before nodding. "Excellent, we can begin just after breakfast tomorrow." *** End of Chapter An: Stuff gets real.
An: This story is going to take off a bit from now, thanks Sandra for the review, I'll make sure to keep your advice in mind, Thanks to everybody else who has reviewed as well! On with the chapter. PS: I know I'm doing the petrifications out of order, it really doesn't matter. *** Next Day, Great Hall The atmosphere overall was far more tense than it had been in Harry and Hermione's first year. Another kid, one of Harry's biggest and most annoying fanboys, Colin Creevey had been petrified as well which skyrocketed the levels of tension. The first years roamed in big clumps, though Harry noticed one blonde Ravenclaw walking on her own most of the time. Harry told Hermione about the offer of training that he had accepted and Hermione immediately wanted in. "You know how much I would love to be trained, please can you ask Professor Dumbledore and Lord Black whether I can take part in your training!" Hermione pleaded with her best friend. "Of course, training will be more fun with you there too." Harry said before going up to Dumbledore where he sat at the teacher's table. "Professor Dumbledore, would it be acceptable if Hermione also attended my remedial lessons with me?" Harry asked, making his extra training with Dumbledore sound like catch-up work, possibly for History or Potions, Harry's two less-than-perfect subjects. Dumbledore smiled happily, "Most certainly! Companionship will stop you from getting completely enveloped by work." Harry nodded, "I trust she'll have the same exemptions from extra homework?" Dumbledore nodded, "Both yours and Miss Granger's work are good enough that the teacher's agree that as long as you pay very close attention in class, you should both manage just fine." Dumbledore assured Harry. McGonagall, who was sitting next to Dumbledore nodded, "Yes Mr Potter, you have been doing exemplarily in Transfiguration… I'm sure you'll do well in battle transfiguration when Albus and Arcturus get around to it. I'll hand you and Miss Granger your altered schedules after breakfast." Leaning in and whispering the last part to Harry. Harry nodded gratefully, "Thank you Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall." Harry went back to the Gryffindor table. "So?" Hermione asked. "You're in, McGonagall will give us our adjusted schedules after breakfast, but I know we'll be going immediately to Professor Dumbledore's office." Hermione nodded, happy to be included in the extra training. *** Dumbledore's office Harry and Hermione landed up at Dumbledore's office barely behind the man himself and requested entrance to the gargoyle merely seconds after Dumbledore had gone up himself. "Come in Harry, Hermione." Dumbledore's voice called out before Harry's knuckles could even rap on the door. Harry opened the door but must have let some of the surprise show on his face. "Don't be too awed kiddo, Albus has some identification wards attached to his entrance carpet, it's supposed to be a protective measure, but it's turned into a cheap way to earn respect from students." Arcturus casually stated. Harry nodded to the two old men, "Professor Dumbledore, Lord Black, Pleasure to see you again, is Mr Flamel joining us?" "Unfortunately Nicolas has more important things to do right now, especially since we'll be doing some physical training in the morning, however he will probably be present in some of our evening session to impart knowledge on alchemy as well." Dumbledore replied. "Where will we be training?" Harry asked as Dumbledore and Arcturus got up from the chairs they were seated in. "One of the many secret rooms in this castle, one said to have been enchanted by Rowena Ravenclaw herself, what the elves call the Come and Go room." Dumbledore replied leading the kids up to the 7th floor and activating the room of requirement. The door opened to a training room that had two big mats, several dummies and other bits and bobs. Arcturus took over, "Despite being magical, physical fitness and dodging is still important, as training the body also trains the magical core and means you won't get so easily exhausted in a magical fight as many inexperienced tend to be." Harry nodded, he had read as much. "To start out with, I feel maybe a bit of a jog would be good for you two." Suddenly the room expanded drastically and a huge jogging track appeared. "Keep doing rounds until I tell you to stop." Arcturus said, looking slightly sadistic. He had Harry and Hermione do rounds for almost 45 minutes, by which time Hermione had collapsed on the side and Harry was very slowly and painfully gasping for breath while jogging around very slowly. "You guys really need to work on your endurance, if you get caught in an extended duel, you would wilt after about 15-20 minutes." Arcturus said disapprovingly, before moving on to having them do push-ups, sit-ups and various other exercises, leaving both children completely spent. Overall Harry did much better than Hermione at the physical portion, because he was more athletic than Hermione, if only from Oliver's fanatical Quidditch practises and Dudley's Harry-Hunting. Hermione was a bookworm through and through and did horribly at the physical portion and was desperately hoping the magical portion would be a little easier. *** Evening, Room of Requirements Dumbledore and Arcturus had asked Harry and Hermione to return to the room for their evening lesson. "While the physical aspect of duelling is very underappreciated and important, most of your offensive will be in the form of magical attacks, however that does not just mean higher spell knowledge, because, while that is useful, if you can't cast quickly and accurately, you can't last. Not to mention Elemental Magic, Battle Transfiguration or Battle Alchemy, all of which we will be going into detail on later." Dumbledore lectured. "But, for now, we will try to assess your current knowledge, try your best at attacking us, Potter, you try me, and Granger, you take Albus." The two kids nodded before making their way to their mark and starting to fire at the two older men. Hermione went through her expansive list of battle spells quickly, but doing every wand motion fully and switching between spells slowly, most of them very precise, however Dumbledore seemed to be swaying ever so slightly, taking him just out of the way of Hermione's spells. On the other hand, Harry was going through several of his fastest spell-chains, casting furiously and going for casting speed to try and overwhelm the Black Lord. Harry's aim was pretty good but not key in his strategy that was not based off particularly complex or powerful spells like Hermione but more focussed on casting speed and overall power of the string. Arcturus had a much larger amount of spells to dodge, and batted away many of Harry's spells with his wand, moving slightly to try and avoid as many as possible but casting a quick shield with a wand that appeared in his left hand as well, to defend from many of Harry's spells. Out of frustration that none of his attacks were connecting, Harry went for his biggest hit so far. Elemental magic. Harry threw a steady stream of fire straight at Arcturus, who had to move fast and respond with elemental magic himself, calling an ice-shield powerful enough to hold against the constant fire-stream and not melt into a puddle immediately. Arcturus looked slightly impressed, "Elemental magic already, it seems you've been learning something on your own. Dumbledore too seemed slightly impressed but the most surprising was the slow clapping coming from a different corner of the room. "Well done, Harry!" the voice of Nicolas Flamel called out. *** End of Chapter. An: I hope you enjoyed.
*** Present Arcturus looked slightly impressed, "Elemental magic already, it seems you've been learning something on your own." Dumbledore too seemed slightly impressed but the most surprising was the slow clapping coming from a different corner of the room. "Well done, Harry!" the voice of Nicolas Flamel called out. Harry whipped around to see an amused Flamel standing in the corner. "You always did love the surprise entrances." Dumbledore said amused. "It seems that you already know some duelling spell-chains and the beginnings of elemental magic which is much further than I thought you'd be, however Granger quite a bit behind you so, for today, Granger can work with Albus on spell-chains and you can work with me on elemental magic." Arcturus said. Hermione seemed a bit disappointed to be behind Harry but went with Dumbledore eagerly. "As Harry demonstrated quite well, spell-chains are extremely useful in a fight, they allow your casting speed to be much quicker. The biggest mistake you made in your fight with me was going for particularly high level spells that you know could be easily blocked by me. What you should have done is, like Harry, tried to overwhelm me with casting speed and get one spell through my shields. Even a single depulso can completely change the course of a battle if it distracts your opponent for long enough. Therefore, I will now demonstrate to you one of the easiest chains, it consists of only 3 spells repeated over and over, Stupefy-Depulso-Incarcerous." Dumbledore quickly demonstrated, casting all three in less than half a second. Hermione, out of reflex dodged the stunner but was hit by the depulso, getting thrown back and being tied up in chains from the incarcerous that she was in no place to avoid. "See, casting all those spells together allowed me to completely overwhelm you, your biggest fault in battle is definitely your slow casting speed, so try it on me." Dumbledore said before holding out his wand like he was in a duel. "Stupefy." Hermione shouted before moving her wand back and casting the next two spells, taking her almost 5 seconds to get out the spells. Dumbledore swayed out of the way like he had earlier, "You have to cast them together, where the first ends, the second begins." After several tries, Hermione had the chain down to about a second. "That's pretty quick, now you need to keep casting the chain, over and over to try and overwhelm me." Dumbledore said. Hermione nodded before casting the chain over and over, furiously throwing the next spell forward, falling into a bit of a pattern and being pleased at the fact that Dumbledore had to pull up a shield to defend against her barrage before suddenly lashing out with a stupefy which hit Hermione square in the chest. When Hermione came back to consciousness a few seconds later, Dumbledore admonished her. "Your spell-chain was excellent but you can't fall into a pattern and ignore your opponent, otherwise you'll be vulnerable to return fire." Dumbledore explained. Hermione nodded sheepishly, embarrassed that she had gotten so caught up in her spell-casting. Meanwhile, on the other end of the room, Arcturus was working with Harry. "Elemental magic is possibly some of the most important magic that you'll have in a fight. It is definitely the most powerful tool you have aside from battle alchemy which takes a large amount of time and a constructed plan. Elemental magic should become a reflex to you, and instead of the stream of fire that you can conjure now, you should be able to create any figure out of fire, similar to fiendfyre in a way, however fiendfyre is Darkness and should never be summoned because it is basically an open gateway through which Darkness floods back into this world, until the opening is closed, something that is very hard to do. Today, we shall be working on turning your little stream of fire into a fire serpent, a popular move among most elementals." Arcturus lectured as Harry listened attentively. Arcturus flicked his wand and a stream of fire similar to Harry's burst out of his wand. "First, we need to make this bigger, the best way to do that without losing energy is to simply push more magic through your wand." Arcturus said, before throwing a spurt of magic into the fire stream making it as thick as a tree-trunk. "Then you have to manipulate your will to will it into taking a serpentine form, then command it to do your bidding." Arcturus commanded, making the necessary edits to his own fire stream and for demonstration, shooting it at the wall, creating a huge scorch-mark on the wall. Harry took a deep breath and created his fire stream, pushing magic into it as fast as he could, making it even thicker than Arcturus' had been then concentrated on trying to turn it into a serpent but had little success. "You must see it as a serpent, you don't TELL it to be a serpent, you MAKE it a serpent." Arcturus said. Keeping the Black Lord's advice in mind, Harry went for his best attempt, succeeding in having a gargantuan fire-snake pointing out of his wand and commanded it to smash into the wall like Arcturus' had. "Very good! That is the first step to mastery, next, you need to learn to create the shape that fits your situation best in the heat of a battle. For example…" Arcturus conjured a serpent of water and hurtled it at Harry, who reflexively turned his fire into a shield of sorts, managing to stop most of the water as it turned to smoke, on contact with the fire. "Never let go of the smoke." Arcturus said, as he pushed the entire weight of the created smoke at Harry, making the boy stumble backwards and cough as Arcturus used the distraction to throw a stunner at Harry. "Now, we will mock-duel with only elemental magic." Arcturus commanded. Harry nodded and Arcturus started the duel with another fire-serpent, which Harry countered with a fire wall of his own which absorbed most of Arcturus' fire, and Harry turned the entire mass into the shape of a large fireball, throwing the entire thing at Arcturus, who merely conjured a shield of water, which converted the fire into smoke, and threw the resultant into Harry's eyes, but Harry managed to use the air to clear the space around him and throw back arrows made of fire, which were all blown out by the massive gust of wind summoned by Arcturus which blew Harry of his feet, letting him be hit by another tidal wave of water, created by Arcturus, knocking the boy unconscious once more. *** End of Chapter.
An: I may have dropped a glass of water on my keyboard…so at least for now, I'm writing in "Word for Android", so cut me some slack in this chapter. That said, I don't even know how to upload a chapter from my phone so… *** Headmaster's office "Harry, I have something very serious to talk to you about… do you know Sirius Black?" Arcturus asked. Harry's eyes hardened, "The man who betrayed my parents." He said simply. Arcturus shook his head, "No, Sirius Black did not betray your parents." "How! He was their secret-keeper, only he could-" "-But he wasn't their secret-keeper, in his last letter to me, he said he was a decoy and proof was in the Potter will… I need to see if it's true, the boy is my grandson, I am formally requesting you to publically have your will unsealed, I already have Albus' permission, now I just need yours." Arcturus sent the boy a pleading look. *** Wizengamot monthly meeting "Our next order of business is a request by the Heir Potter, to unseal his parent's will and I, as his guardian have granted permission." Dumbledore said loudly. "Bring forth the will." He commanded, and a goblin representative handed an old-looking scroll to Dumbledore. Being of sound body and mind, I Lord James Charlus Potter, hereby declare this document as my official will. Being of sound body and mind, I Lily Evans Potter, hereby declare this document as my official will. We leave all our earthly possessions to our son, Heir Hadrian James 'Harry' Potter. We hereby donate the sum of 100,000 galleons to the Hogwarts student fund. We hereby donate the sum of 100,000 galleons to Lord Albus Wulfric Brian Dumbledore to support the war effort. We hereby donate the sum of 1,000,000 galleons to Mr. Remus Lupin in hopes that he may purchase a new pair of robes. We hereby donate the sum of 10,000 galleons to Heir Sirius Black though he is not in immediate need of it. We hereby donate the sum of 100,000 galleons to Peter Pettigrew for being a good friend in a time of need. In the case of our untimely death, we would like our son to reside with Heir Black and in the case that that it not possible, we leave it up to Lord Dumbledore to decide the temporary home for our son. Lord Potter and Lady Lily Potter would like the court to recognize that their secret keeper for Godric's Hollow was Peter Pettigrew and NOT Heir Black and if Mr. Pettigrew indeed betrayed Lord and Lady Potter, his portion from the will is revoked. So mote it be. So mote it be. Having read the entire will, Dumbledore looked up to see the stunned audience. "What shit is this Dumbledore; Black is obviously guilty!" Fudge got out of his seat in an effort to look intimidating. Amelia Bones entered the courtroom with Sirius Black in magic-restraining handcuffs, "I think you'll find, Minister, that Sirius Black did not receive a trial at the hands of my predecessor, so I shall right my wrong. Let the trial of Sirius Black begin!" Sirius was tied up in a chair in the middle of the court. "Sirius Black, for thirteen charges of muggle murder, and 2 charges of accessory to murder. How do you plead." Amelia intoned. "Not guilty." The man hoarsely said. "Administer the veritaserum." Amelia commanded but Lucius Malfoy raised his hand before the veritaserum could be administered. "Are you sure the man is of his proper mind after so many years in Askaban?" Lucius said, sounding positively concerned for the man, "Because if it isn't, you cannot interview him under veritaserum by laws put in place by this very body." Amelia shook her head in exasperation, "Very well, then our only evidence is a MAGICALLY-BOUND will which states that Black is not guilty so I am ready to give my vote right here and now." In the end, the vote was close, because all the dark families and a couple of the light families voted against him, though thankfully most light and grey families followed the lead of Dumbledore and Amelia and voted in favor of Sirius. "Heir Black, it is my pleasure to announce that you have been cleared of all charges and will be given compensation for your time in Askaban." Sirius smiled tiredly, but a few astute families noticed Amelia's wording, Heir Black when he should be Lord Black. A voice chuckled from the visitor's gallery, "It seems that some people have realized what Amelia meant…" Dumbledore straightened, "Our next order of business is welcoming back the Lord Black into this party after a long leave in regards to his uncertain health." Arcturus strode out of the visitor's gallery and walked straight to the Black seat, sitting down, taking the whispering to an all-time high. "SILENCE!" Dumbledore roared. Arcturus rose again, "I would like to take custody of my grandson until he is well." *** Hogwarts, a month later Harry and Hermione continued their training, Harry continued training with elemental magic, learning nuances and by the end of the month, Harry had a reasonable grasp over the basics of the art. Sirius himself was recovering in a mental clinic in America. Hermione was more focused on getting her spell-magic up to where Harry was, not having practiced dueling techniques like he had and not being built for fighting, her posture being a bit too stiff and not fluid enough to be a winning duelist, thought Dumbledore was working on that with her. Unfortunately, the petrifications continued, and Dumbledore was required more and more at school and he kept his investigation going, having narrowed it down to a handful of magical creatures, citing the 'monster' in the legend of the Chamber of Secrets. Currently, he was theorizing that it might be a Basilisk and the three victims so far were just really lucky in surviving their encounters. Dumbledore explained his theory while he and Hermione were doing a mock-duel and Arcturus and Harry were already done for the day. You're grasping at straws now, Albus, there is no way that a goddamn Basilisk could go around this school and not kill ANYONE." Arcturus scorned Dumbledore's theory. "But it would fit Voldemort's mo…" Nicolas mused. Dumbledore nodded, "Out of all magical snakes, this is the only one that makes logical sense. Not to mention, the last time the chamber was opened, a girl died and it was definitely Voldemort who opened it then, so perhaps, instead of an Heir, we should be looking for a possessed student." "But wouldn't they have a head sticking out of the back of their head, Like Professor Quirrell." Hermione asked, sending another simple spell-chain at Dumbledore. "There are many types of possession, Granger, what we are talking about is Voldemort taking over somebody's body from inside his horcrux, not just attaching himself to any consenting individual." Arcturus explained. Nicolas cleared his throat, "Either way, it's about time that I start teaching you battle alchemy." Harry raised his hand, "Doesn't Alchemy basically work off the law of equivalent exchange, so isn't transfiguration more versatile?" "Good question, the answer is that Alchemically transmuted objects cannot be reverted or broken with magic, they are entirely resilient to anyone's magic but your own. At the same time, transfiguration is a form of alchemy as well, simplified and enhanced by wizard's magic to bypass the law of equivalent exchange but lose any magical properties." Nicolas explained. Harry nodded, and Nicolas proceeded to give a long lecture on Alchemy and how it worked, having them work in pentagrams, which helped beginners learn the basics and he had them do simple alchemy, turning a big rock into a small knife, which both Harry and Hermione managed. "The goblins are great Alchemists, as the legends go, they sacrificed over ten kilograms of pure diamond to create the sword of Gryffindor." Nicolas said, "Alchemically created weapons are the best in the world, you would do well to learn how to use a sword and alchemically transfigure yourself a physical weapon, it is also possible to turn your weapon into a conductor for magic, though that would require a greater sacrifice. For the next couple turns, we'll be working on simple alchemy of physical objects, however, greater uses of alchemy include blood magic and alchemical wards, both of which involve sacrifice, making them the most powerful forms of magic. Incidentally, the wards protecting your aunt's house are also alchemical wards, working off the willing sacrifice of a life, perhaps one of the most powerful sources of magic ever, making the wards around that house perhaps the strongest wards created in the last hundred years." *** End of Chapter
An: Note that I am not really going into a lot of detail on things that are mirrored from canon, like Quidditch. Unless I decide to make him a pro-player, Quidditch will not show up but rest assured that he's just playing the game off-screen. *** Hogwarts Library, 3 months later The situation had gotten worse, a handful more students and a GHOST had gotten petrified. Students were no longer allowed to walk alone and instead walked from place to place in the castle with mirrors in their hands due to Dumbledore's belief that it was a Basilisk. Harry and Hermione had been led to the library by Professor McGonagall and were currently under the watchful gaze of Madam Pince who had no other students in her domain, not even any Ravenclaws dared to go outside their common rooms. "Who do you think the heir could be?" Hermione pressed Harry. "Voldemort." Harry replied. "But who allowed him to possess them, do you think it was Malfoy." Hermione asked excitedly. Harry rolled his eyes, "Possession of this kind doesn't have to be willing, besides I doubt Malfoy could keep his trap shut if he was." "Oh." Hermione seemed slightly crestfallen. "There is no evidence to point out who it may be, our best chance to figure out who it may be is just to keep an eye out for somebody that's acting weird and then question them, however Malfoy has just been his stupid racist self." Harry said. "But, what can we actually do…" Hermione said. "Nothing. It isn't our job to fix this. If we have a suspicion, we question them, find the horcrux and hand it over to the Headmaster or Lord Black, both of whom are already working tirelessly to find the student." Harry said. *** Present Arcturus had taken over the role of Defence professor under Dumbledore's coaxing so that he could stay in the castle to tutor Harry and wouldn't have to floo over every day, and the Lord Black was positively disgusted at how sucky the students were. "While your first year was meant to provide some simple knowledge and stances, this year you are to learn some more simple practical applications of spells that could help fend off a wizarding opponent for a short period of time. Thus, today, we shall be practising the couple of spells that you learnt last year, we will have some practise duels so that I can see where you are individually and then I shall show you how to stall for time in a duel with a more experienced opponent with only simple spells to back you up." Arcturus lectured. The students turned into pairs, and Harry and Hermione paired each other, knowing that they were quite a bit further in training than their peers. Both knew that Arcturus wanted spell-chains from them so they started out with the Sting-Trip-Petrify chain that was very simple and very quick, Harry clocked in less than a half-second for the chain while Hermione managed just under a second on the chain, both casting really fast at each other as they both put up a shield to block the other's spells as Harry quickly gained the advantage and was hit by Harry's powerful stinger, getting out-of-rhythm and getting hit with Harrys tripper and petrificus totalus. Unfortunately, the rest of the class wasn't so good, nobody had any sort of proper stance and definitely not the advanced ones used by Harry and Hermione. Only a few students managed to get out a few stingers, and the few who did won their duels easily as their opponents just froze up at being hit with something. Finally, the class just settled down and watched Harry and Hermione cast furiously. Arcturus seemed disgusted, "What did your previous teacher teach you! It's like I have to start from scratch, you're about as good as my first-years. Pair up and practise the bloody stinging hex, I was hoping to get on to the shielding spell today but apparently not." The next few classes went like that, Arcturus was unrelenting on his classes and pulled them on a crash course through simple spells, getting them to practise them until they were passable then move on, knowing that he had a huge curriculum to get through in only a few months until the final exam. *** Present, unknown location Luna Lovegood could no longer resist his possession. Her body was now his, 24/7 and his plan to gain a corporeal body was almost in action, he would enact it this very day. Luna Lovegood had been a dream come true for him. He had been prepared for a long year of slogging through memories and making the student's mind malleable but found that the girl was already bitter and bullied, an outcast in her own house. He couldn't thank the Ravenclaws enough for saving him from a year of grovelling, his plans would come into action much quicker than he could ever have anticipated, almost two months before the end of the school year, when he had thought he would be able to. Tom headed down to the chamber, and left a message in the girl's blood saying he had taken her to the chamber on the same wall where he had written his first message. It was time for him to regain his corporeal body. *** Later "All students must return to their common rooms!" the loud voice of Professor McGonagall broke through Harry and Arcturus' furious duel, as the voice projected as far as the room of requirement. Pausing at the announcement allowed Arcturus to smash a painful stunner into him. Arcturus frowned disapprovingly, "You were doing okay there, but you let yourself get distracted, that could very well have been the killing curse." Dumbledore rushed into the room, his wand in his hand. Nicolas too stopped his duel with Hermione. "What happened." Arcturus enquired. Dumbledore's face was extremely grim. "A girl has been taken into the chamber." *** End of Chapter An: Thanks for reading. BTW, my computer is okay again, it was repaired MUCH faster than expected (and much cheaper) cuz they only had to clean the underneath of the keys instead of ordering an entirely new keyboard.
An: Bleh *** Present Harry and Hermione had been rushed off by Dumbledore, Arcturus and Nicolas who had all run off to Dumbledore's office and told the kids to get back to their common room. On the way back, Harry stiffened and cursed. "What is it?" Hermione asked, concerned. Harry started to run in a direction, "There's a snake travelling through the walls, I can hear it in Parseltongue." "You know Parseltongue!" Hermione exclaimed as she sprinted after her best friend. "Yup, there's no time to go to the Headmaster's office, we would lose the snake, we have to follow the snake and send Dumbledore a message." Hermione nodded, the idea appealing to her Gryffindor sense of excitement. The snake led them through the castle and finally brought them to a bathroom of all places. The Bathroom outside of which Mrs Norris had been found. The voice disappeared into thin air and left the two kids alone in the girl's bathroom. Harry hastily conjured and animated a piece of paper with a note to Dumbledore, sending it flying like a paper airplane, all the way to Dumbledore's office. Harry took a moment to admire his craftsmanship before moving on to inspect the room for possible discrepancies, finding one almost immediately. ~OPEN~ Harry hissed in Parseltongue over a sink that had a snake motif on it. The entire basin faded back into the wall, leaving a gaping hole in the floor, leading to a slide that led down into the darkness. Harry took a deep breath and went down the passage, closely followed by Hermione. It was a long way down and Harry found himself enjoying the slide as it took twists and turns, it was similar to a muggle amusement ride. Hermione, on the other hand, was terrified and shrieked the entire way down. The two landed gracelessly at the bottom and trudged forward, lit wands in hand, ready to cast. "In the case that it is a Basilisk, we need to have reflective sunglasses to protect ourselves from the gaze of the Basilisk." Harry commented and concentrated, conjuring tinted sunglasses. "These should do the trick." Harry said pleased. They put on the sunglasses and continued on in a tense silence, a tenseness that wasn't alleviated by the giant shed skin that they passed. Finally, the two ended up in a large chamber with a large bust of Salazar Slytherin on the wall opposite them. Almost directly in front of the statue, stood a boy in Hogwarts robes, standing over the fallen form of Luna Lovegood. "Aah, Hello Harry Potter." The figure said pleasantly. Harry didn't let himself relax. "What are you doing with the girl?" Harry said dangerously. "Oh, nothing, just stealing her very life." The boy said lightly, twirling his own wand between his fingers. Harry slowly edged towards the two, "And who are you?" he asked cautiously. "Tom Marvolo Riddle… and you can stop trying to sneak up on me." Harry cursed at being found out so easily. "So what do you have to do with Voldemort." Harry asked, his wand pointed at Tom's head. "Ah, Voldemort is my past, present and future." Tom said muttering a spell to create his name in the air and reorganising the letters to spell out 'I am Lord Voldemort.' Harry snorted, "An anagram. Really?" As a response, Tom snarled and sent a volley of spells at Harry who sidestepped the entire string and send one of his one at Riddle who simply stood there smirking as Harry couldn't harm him as he was still a spirit. "Until I fully take over the girl's magic, I'm still not fully corporeal, which means you can't hit me." Tom said triumphantly. Harry felt a feeling of hopelessness take over as he shielded himself from another string from Riddle who could attack relentlessly since he didn't have to defend. Hermione seemed to have frozen up a bit in horror as she looked at her best friend struggling to keep up with the spirit of a school-going memory of Voldemort. Harry had so far managed to not get hit by Riddle but, especially with the inability to hit back, Harry was struggling to weave through the spells and keep up the shield work. Riddle smirked, "Seems like you aren't useless, shame you'll be long-dead before you can duel me on equal footing." He said and called the Basilisk in Parseltongue. The large green snake came through the mouth of the large bust of Slytherin. Harry cursed and looked away before the snake could petrify him. Harry looked around for something he could use for alchemy to transform into a sword. He needed something of high magical value. To buy himself some time, Harry conjured a large block of granite and flung it at the Basilisk, sending it flying into the wall where it attempted to slither out from. Unfortunately, Riddle was still casting and Harry was forced to defend himself and Hermione while looking for something magical to use for alchemy. What did he have around him. Hermione, definitely out of the question The girl, also out of the question He could see Riddle's horcrux in the form of a diary, it would need to be destroyed and it would definitely work. A goddamn basilisk. He had an idea. "Cover me, Hermione!" Harry yelled. Hermione nodded shakily and started powering a magical shield of her own to stop Riddle's curses. "Accio Basilisk teeth!" Harry roared, putting as much magic as he could to try and summon the teeth of the beast, which may have had a magically resistant hide but not magically resistant teeth. The entire Basilisk was pulled out of the rubble as it's teeth were violently and bloodily pulled out of it's mouth. "Accio Horcrux!" Harry yelled again but the horcrux didn't move. Harry cursed and ran over to the diary and picked it up where it lay, to a roar of anger from Riddle. "Don't touch that!" Riddle yelled, "Get him Basilisk!" The Basilisk did not listen, still thrashing about from the pain of having it's teeth summoned out, it's poison dripping from udders that had previously been connected to teeth that had been ripped out. Harry took the chance and transfigured some rubble into two knives and flung them at the beast's eyes, and managed to hit the left eye, making the beast half blind as well. Harry laid the horcrux down on top of the teeth of the snake, careful not to touch the venom. Very carefully, Harry closed his eyes, thinking about his alchemy training, which he had been a natural at. While, he wasn't a master yet, the sheer greatness of the sacrifice would give the sword he was hoping to conjure a lot of power in itself and hopefully take some of the properties of the basilisk's teeth as well as destroy the Darkness in the horcrux. With a slow chant, Harry started the alchemy, a master could probably do it in an instant, but Harry built his concentration as he had been taught, picturing the sword and muttering his magic. With a bright flash of light, both the basilisk teeth and the diary were gone… as well as half of the chamber. Mnay of the giant stone snakes as well as a large part of the floor were missing. Harry cursed, he hadn't been able to anticipate the amount of sacrifice he would need, and his transference rate was probably not great but he had the sword he needed. It was a hybrid sword between a Japanese-style katana and an Excalibur-esque design. The blade was imbued with basilisk venom from the sacrifice and had a black hilt encrusted with Basilisk ivory. With a loud yell, the figure of Tom Riddle began to evaporate and the blonde girl who had been previously unconscious began to stir. "Goddamn you! Harry Potter! I will rise again!" Riddle screamed before he was gone from the world. The partially recovered and very much angered Basilisk swung around blindly trying to hit the one who had destroyed it's master but did not seem to come close to Harry. With a deep breath, hoping to all hell that he wouldn't die, Harry ran at the Basilisk and swung upwards, sticking his sword right through the skull of the giant snake. Just as Harry's sword was going through the snake's mouth, the entrance to the chamber burst open in a shower of rubble as Albus, Arcturus and Nicolas stood ready, wands in hand and ready to go and they stood in awe as Harry put the sword through the beast's skull. Harry took his sword back out, looking every bit the victorious hero as he looked back to see Hermione and the blond staring in awe and his three teachers standing behind in disbelief. Nicolas was the first to recover and started a slow clap. "Wonderfully done, Harry, did you transmute that?!" he said, once more shocked by the brilliant weapon in Harry's hand. "Yes, from the teeth of the basilisk and Riddle's horcrux" "As well as half the chamber." Arcturus noted. Harry nodded sheepishly. "Did you say that you transmuted the horcrux?" Dumbledore said. "Yes, it should push some of the Darkness back into the void AND in exchange, it gave me the sword." "Good thinking, Harry." Nicolas smiled before holding out a hand, "Can I?" "Sure, the blade is imbued with Basilisk venom though." Harry warned and handed the sword to Nicolas. "Hmm, that was probably your miscalculation, you did not sacrifice all the venom, since you kept some of it in your sword, thus the stone of the chamber was used as a substitute, you're lucky that Slytherin decided to encrust his snake sculptures with precious stones." Nicolas commented before taking a knife out of his pocked and making a thin cut on his palm, dripping five drops onto the sword before he waved his wand and the blood disappeared, instead leaving three words engraved in the sword. Harry James Potter. Harry smiled gratefully as Nicolas handed the sword back and sealed the cut on his hand. "There, this sword is almost on par with that of Gryffindor's." Nicolas praised. Harry raised an eyebrow, surprised. Nicolas smiled, "Maybe you underestimated the worth of the Basilisk fangs, if it were in diamonds, the fangs of such a large beast would definitely be worth more than 15 kilos of diamond, not to mention the horcrux and the venom and even the heavy precious stones in the chamber… in terms of sacrifice, I would estimate that yours was at least three times greater than the goblin's, when they were crafting the sword, but they were far more professional in the crafting, thus yours is only about as good as that of the goblin's." he explained. Harry nodded, "So I had three times as much of a sacrifice but approximately a third of the efficiency." Nicolas nodded, proud of his student. "It's about time we went back up, Cornelius is trying to shut down the school and arrest Hagrid." Dumbledore said gravely. They trudged back to the slide and Harry was surprised to see steps transfigured into the steps, something he was in too much of a hurry to have thought of earlier, not that he regretted his slide down to the chamber. Harry and co made their way up the stairs, it was a longer way than Harry had initially anticipated during his slide down. By the time they made it up at a brisk walk, they were all huffing and puffing. The three old men, Harry, Hermione and the strangely silent blonde went to Dumbledore's office. Hermione attempted to make conversation with the silent Ravenclaw. "Hi. My name is Hermione." The blonde smiled faintly, "I can see the nargles gathered around your head…" Hermione frowned while Harry grinned. "There aren't any such things as nargles, Miss…" "Luna." The blond supplied dreamily. "Well Luna, nargles do not exist." "Yes they do Hermione Granger, they're blinding your vision." Hermione opened her mouth to protest but Harry nudged her and let Luna continue. "Nargles do exist, you just can't see them." Luna said. "But what proof is there of their existence?" Hermione burst out. "What proof of magic is there to muggles?" Luna replied. "But we're NOT muggles." Hermione replied. Luna shrugged, "Doesn't mean that you can't be blinded to the existence of something." *** End of Chapter 200 FAVOURITES! I was planning on writing a 200-word chapter for 200 favourites but decided not to cuz that probably wouldn't have been entertaining, so I decided to make 2000 words instead. SO approximately 10 words are dedicated to each of you that fav-ed.
*** Le Present Harry followed the Old men up to Dumbledore's office, listening bemusedly to Hermione's obvious irritation with the little dreamy blonde. Dumbledore looked at Harry gravely, "You have done the school a great service. The LEAST that I can do is give you an award for special services to the school." Harry inclined his head, accepting the award. Dumbledore smiled mischievously, "Along with 200 points to Gryffindor… apiece." Harry and Hermione grinned at each other. "Traditionally, the sword is always kept by it's alchemist, so you can keep the Sword of Potter and practise with it, you'll have to get proficient with using it and your wand." Dumbledore smiled, "We'll be practising that for the last few months of this year… On the other hand, there is an event coming up next year that we feel you should know of. We're bringing back the Triwizard Tournament…" Harry hadn't heard of it before but Hermione gasped in excitement. "The Triwizard Tournament! Are all the schools on board?" Hermione asked. Dumbledore nodded, "Beauxbatons had asked for an extra year to decide but Nicolas convinced some of his old acquaintances to agree to the tournament on my request…" Dumbledore trailed off, seeming apprehensive about what he was going to say next. Arcturus continued, "We wanted you two to enter." "Arcturus wanted you two to enter." "It'll be a good test of their skills." The Lord Black protested. "It's a contest with 7th years in it!" Dumbledore shot back, giving the impression that it was an ongoing debate between the two. "So? You know that Potter is better than your half-assed 7th years, even that Wood boy isn't at Potter's level, and Granger would almost beat him as well. " Arcturus replied. "But why force them to compete?" "We're not making them compete, we're just allowing them to enter, the Goblet will choose whoever the best candidate is, if it's one of the goddamn 7th years then the 7th year will perform, if it's Potter, Potter will perform." "Professors, it's fine, Hermione and I will enter, though I personally think it's unlikely that we will be chosen over the 7th years." Harry said sceptically. Dumbledore sighed and nodded, "Very well, though you must make sure to be very prepared." *** Later The year was coming to a close, and Arcturus was being more brutal than ever on Harry, because of his possible choosing for the Triwizard tournament. "There will not only be the traditional competition which will be hard enough, but there will be a duelling and a flying tournament." Arcturus looked at Harry, "It is expected that the regular participant will take part in the next two competitions too but they will be chosen separately if, for example, the champion is not good at flying." Harry nodded, "But I am pretty decent at flying too." "True, which is why we're focussing on your duelling skills. Here let's practise." Arcturus started off the duel with a lazy spell-chain that Harry batted away without any effort. "Come on Black, that the best you got?" Harry taunted, despite knowing it would only seal his fate faster. "No, but you haven't proven yourself worthy of my skill." Arcturus responded lazily. Harry forced himself not to take offence and instead responded with several unpredictable spell-chains that fizzed out against Arcturus' shield. Harry sent a shield-piercer at the basic shield, following it up with a quick spell-chain that would hopefully pass through before Arcturus could raise another shield. Unfortunately for Harry, Arcturus simply moved out of the way before conjuring a serpent of water quickly to buy him some more time. Harry wrenched control of the serpent and dispelled it, throwing the water at Arcturus' feet and attempting to freeze it, only to be thwarted by a long stream of fire released by Arcturus, which created smoke, that Arcturus threw at Harry's eyes. Harry sliced forward with his sword to cut through the smoke and give himself enough vision to strike back quickly at Arcturus, knowing that his only chance of victory was to catch Arcturus off guard. Arcturus deflected the spells off a hastily conjured shield, distracted for the moment, by Harry's spellfire, as Harry created a huge wall of fire which was turned to smoke automatically by Arcturus and sent back at Harry. Thankfully, Harry was ready for this move, which Arcturus seemed to make every time with a fire or water attack, and used air manipulation to throw the entire thing at Arcturus, winning him precious seconds, in which he didn't attack but continued to draw on the floor, quickly moving around Arcturus, and drawing simple symbols. The smoke cleared in a few short seconds to reveal Arcturus surrounded by a pink glowing shield that went around all sides of him. Arcturus dispelled the shield and started throwing more spells at Harry but Harry only grinned and stepped back, throwing spells back immediately. Arcturus, shielded against the spells even as he attempted to move out of the way… only to hit against a runic enclosure spell. Harry smiled victoriously and leapt at the trapped Black with his sword, going to touch his neck with the face of the sword. Arcturus thought fast and moved his wand quickly to dispel the runic binding just in time to push Harry away with a very last minute gust of air that overpowered the boy and blew him into the wall, effectively ending the duel. Arcturus smiled and clapped. "Smart one there boy, almost got me too." Harry got up grumbling, "I shoulda got you." The Black Lord nodded, "That's right, I'm old and out of my prime, you NEED to be able to beat me, though you've still got a long way to go." *** Examtime Both Harry and Hermione did exceedingly well in their second year exams, passing all the practicals with flying colours, not even having to try for defence, and in the blink of an eye, it was time to leave. "Harry, you'll be coming with me to Black Manor where Sirius is." Arcturus said. Harry nodded and the Lord apparated them straight to the doorstep, where Harry would talk with his Godfather properly for the first time. "Hello Harry." *** End of Chapter
An: Summer with Sirius part 1. *** Black Manor "Hello Harry." Harry looked up to see his nervous looking godfather. Sirius Black had only partially regained his roguish handsome look. He still retained it, but the years in Azkaban had seriously taken a toll on him. He was no longer quite the man who Harry had seen in Hagrid's album. "Hello Sirius." Harry nodded to the ex-convict. "I… uh… I see you've met grandfather." Sirius finished lamely. Harry nodded and smiled. "Yes, Lord Black teaches at Hogwarts and tutors me personally along with my friend Hermione." Sirius grinned, "Well it's no time to be studying now, let's get you on a broom!" Sirius exclaimed loudly. Harry smiled, "I play for the Gryffindor Quidditch Team." Sirius grinned widely, "Ah! Chaser?" "Seeker." Harry corrected. Sirius looked him up and down, "You have the build for it." He admitted and then grinned proudly, "Only your second year and already in the team! That's even quicker than your father, he got on in his third year." Harry smirked slightly. "I got onto the team in my first year." Sirius' jaw dropped, "But you're the youngest in like a hundred years! Sweet merlin, we have to get you on an amateur team." Harry looked slightly puzzled, "Amateur team?" "You didn't think that Hogwarts is all the Quidditch that under 18s play, did you? There's lots of amateur leagues, In Britain there's the British Amateur League, which has 8 clubs. The top two get to compete in the European Amateur League." Sirius explained. Harry looked excited, "Oh, what's the minimum age, and when are the try-outs." "Minimum age is 12, you just about make the cut, though players don't usually get on until they're 14 or 15. However, the try-outs for different teams are at different times but most teams usually do their pickings in the first week or two of summer to try and pull in the new talent, which is mostly from a few of the smaller schools that have better sports programs than Hogwarts, though a couple players from good 'ol Hoggy usually get in too." Harry nodded, "Do you think you could get me a list of the teams that have try-outs?" "You betcha kiddo!" Sirius grinned. Harry found Sirius to be a fun-loving person, who brought out the enthusiastic part of him. Sirius in turn found Harry to be almost the model godson… almost. "You don't prank enough!" Sirius exclaimed after listening to Harry talk about his life. *** Next day, Black Manor Arcturus had him wake up at the normal time and Harry did his physical exercises while admiring the Black estate then moved on to battling Arcturus. Harry did possibly better than he ever had before, physically pushing Arcturus on the back foot for a short period of time with some furious spell-casting with a shield-piercer following up, that forced Arcturus to generate a huge amount of elemental magic to pull himself out of the tight situation and gave Harry time to push him again with his sword as well. Arcturus ended it with a huge wave of water that was simply too powerful for Harry to dispel and washed him against the wall where he slumped, exhausted while Arcturus merely looked like he'd barely broken a sweat. As Harry got up slowly, panting hard, he saw his Godfather with his jaw on the floor. "Wow!" Sirius said awed. "Good Morning Sirius!" Harry said cheerfully as he chugged a pepper-up. "Hey Prongslet." Sirius responded, still slightly awed by his godson's performance in the duel. "Did you get the try-out times?" Harry asked conversationally. "Ah, yes." Sirius responded, taking out a few papers from his pockets, it seemed that he had got a full information booklet for the British Amateur League. Harry read through the thing. It seemed that the teams were just subsidies of the British Major League teams and the first three teams to have try-outs were the Caerphilly Catapults, the Chudley Cannons and the Pride of Portree. "I'll take you for the try-outs!" Sirius proclaimed. *** Caerphilly Catapults home ground "Hello, prospectives! I am the assistant team manager for the Catapults, and I'm in-charge of our junior team entirely. Since there's so many of you, we'll divide you into positions and have you perform individually against our current junior first picks." A tall broad man, who Harry knew to be Assistant Team Manager Cromwell said, smiling kindly at the nervous children standing in front of him, aging from 13 to 17. Harry followed the small line of people trying out for seeker and met the Catapults' junior seeker, something Harris, Harry vaguely remembered. "Heyo guys, last year, I was the opening seeker, I've dropped out of Quidditch for my NEWTs but 'ol Cromwell convinced me to hold tryouts for you kiddos, we'll be picking three seekers, opener, sub and a third in case of injury, who will be on call in case of emergencies but not officially training with the club." He announced, then held up a snitch, "Whoever catches this first, gets ten points on the board." Harry kicked off into the air, he had 13 competitors, including the likes of Cedric Diggory and Cho Chang from Hogwarts, who Harry remembered as the seekers for Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. Both were good but not as good as Harry. Harry whizzed around the field, methodically searching for the snitch while keeping an eye on the other players. Finally spotting a glint of gold, Harry dropped into a ridiculously fast nose-dive and plucked the snitch out of the air, within 15 seconds of finding the elusive golden ball. The exercise was repeated four more times, out of which Harry caught the snitch twice more, with Diggory and a guy called something Thomson picking up one each, leaving Harry leading the points with 30 while the other two had 10 each. "For the next activity, you will each go through a course individually while 50 bludgers are hit at you, the number of bludgers that you dodge is the number you get, you can get up to 50 points on this. In this activity, several people were knocked out by not being able to dodge and getting hit in the head almost immediately, leaving about 5 people contesting. Harry himself managed a respectable 43, losing out to Thomson who snagged 45 while Diggory lagged behind the two at 29 but Chang caught up a bit by dodging 41 times. "Very Well, the last activity involves speed racing, whoever makes it through the obstacle course first gets 50 points, second gets 40, third gets 30 and so on."] Harry excelled again, loving the opportunity to speed fast and do stunts, rolling over to avoid obstacles and taking the dives dangerously close to the ground, coming in first, beating out Diggory by about 7 seconds. Finally, the players were left to freshen up while the picks were decided. Finally Cromwell came out and announced the picks, since most of the main players had been retained from the previous year, only two people were selected for most posts except seeker. "For first seeker, we pick Harry James Potter." Cromwell announced smiling. "For second seeker pick, we take Cedric Diggory, and for emergency seeker, we pick Donald Thomson." *** End of Chapter.
An: I wasn't really feeling writing Quidditch right now, and after a couple failed attempts at writing this chapter, I decided to gloss over Quidditch and just take a different approach to get this summer over and done with so I can get them back to good ol hoggy. *** A month later, Black Manor Harry had enjoyed his time with his godfather and trainer quite a bit. Arcturus had taken to roping his grandson as well as his great grand-nephew into training and had taken great pride in Harry, who could almost duel the ex-auror to a standstill. Harry enjoyed his duels with Sirius to compare his skills with that of a wartime auror, sadly he found himself somewhat lacking as Sirius seemed to be thinking far faster though Harry had more options to put down the auror due to his alchemy, runes and elemental magic. Sirius struck hard and fast with the spells that he did know, going into spell-chains manufactured on the spot to both counter and return Harry's spells. While Sirius did not know elemental magic, he could counter water and fire easily enough by using creative techniques like conjuring blocks of marble or performing reversing spells or deflections, that were usually enough to destroy Harry's budding elemental magic, which Harry had hoping would be a trump card against his godfather. Unfortunately for Sirius, alchemy could not be affected by normal magic, which meant that when Harry alchemically turned the ground underneath him into quicksand, Sirius had to levitate himself out and waste precious seconds in which Harry sent another barrage of spells as him, hoping to clip him with one, which Sirius was thankfully able to block and return. All in all, Harry's advanced magic gave him the edge, but the sheer experience and familiarity that the strong auror had eventually won out against Harry, having more endurance than the teen boy to keep going strong even after Harry had begun to falter and take advantage of Harry's flaws that emerged when he didn't quite have the magic or energy to keep going with the duel. Arcturus felt it was good training for Harry, because he himself defeated Harry long before Harry started to get tired and thus never really tested his endurance like Sirius did, and Arcturus thought that holding back was counter-productive while learning so never tried to not fight at his best so that Harry could feel some modicum of success when there was none, though he would admit that the young Potter had come a long way from where he used to be and lasting almost half an hour against an experienced auror was quite a feat of achievement for a 13-year-old… the duelling competition would have another thing coming to it. Harry had competed in the amateur season of the Quidditch British cup, and found many other good seekers, losing almost as often as winning and persevering with every match, in the way that got him through his training with Arcturus and Dumbledore. The Catapults had gotten to the semis then lost out despite Harry catching the snitch, to Puddlemore, who went on to win the season. Additionally, Harry had seen ads for the under-15 world-wide duelling competition and had conned his godfather into entering him, who had agreed only after duelling Harry for the first time. Needless to say, Harry was one of the best duellers there, he got through the selection phase without breaking a sweat, becoming the one to represent England quite easily, only having a bit of difficulty to beat his own team member. He was excited to play the USA and some of the Asian countries, which were said to have fierce training programs for their duellers as well, unlike most European countries, save maybe Bulgaria. In the first round, Harry went flawless while almost all of his teammates lost out a few times, being knocked out of play for the second round, leaving only Harry and a soon-to-be sixth-year at Hogwarts who had only a few weeks before his birthday, Cedric Diggory who was a decent dueller as well, probably the best from the British Team if not for Harry. In the second round, Harry had a few interesting matches, where he was forced to show his elemental magic to take the win. Harry was playing a member of the Brazilian team, the only one to make it to the second round. The girl was lithe and dangerous, ready to strike at any moment, she moved quickly and her spell-chains were simple but effective, a good strategy for the under-15s Harry thought, but not good enough to take him out. Harry blocked her chain with a flick of his wrist before returning fire, increasing the intensity of the duel slowly as his opponent seemed to strain more and more, her movements becoming choppy and her defences becoming weaker but just as Harry was about to finish the duel with a simple stunner, the Brazilian struck hard, she sent a huge spell-chain at Harry before jumping closer, and sending conjured knives flying at Harry in a manoeuvre that would have taken out almost anybody else but Harry was quick enough to counter, with a quick instinctual flick of his hand, an ice-shield sprung up in front of him, taking the daggers and the spells. Harry heard gasps at the elemental magic and cursed himself for showing his hand so early. Harry melted the ice and sent the water hurtling at his unprepared opponent, knocking her out of the arena and winning the game in a split-second. After that, his next match consisted of an opponent that simply threw up a block of marble every time Harry moved, for fear of an elemental attack. Harry rolled his eyes, like he would even need that. Harry depulso-d the marble back at the boy, slamming it into him like a truck and winning the game without breaking a sweat. Harry's next few opponents were pretty easy too and he went through the second round with no faults and the other British competitor, Diggory made it through the second round with only a single loss, letting him continue to the next round. Harry and Cedric struck up something of a friendship, being stuck in the same hotel suite along with the failed candidates, all of whom Harry and Cedric found to be annoying showoffs with no skill. They were both duellists and Quidditch players, and Harry personally thought that he would be a good triwizard champion, Harry expected that he would actually be a competitor for the spot. *** End of Chapter An: More duelling! Such fun to write.
An: I just noticed that this story has passed 400 follows AND 100 reviews! Thanks a lot! An2: Also, in terms of mary sue-ness, I don't want Harry to be over-powered, but I do want him to take on Voldemort on his own merit as opposed to luck, so Harry will have to be fairly strong. I don't want to grant him ultimate strength like I've seen in some fanfics where he can beat Dumbeldore and Voldemort with a flick of his hand, but he'll have to be powerful to take Voldemort on equal footing in about 5 years, so I'm trying to keep him on track for that. An3: I want to make this clear because it has been asked many times, maybe I didn't make it clear enough, the pensieve doesn't belong to Dumbledore, it is the HEADMASTER's pensieve, meaning that it belongs to whoever the current headmaster of Hogwarts is. *** Third round, duelling tournament Harry noticed the very small amount of Europeans in the room, there was a French witch called Fleur Delacour, two Bulgarians, Harry and Cedric and one Swedish guy, who Harry thought was lucky to even be there. Comparatively, the Chinese and Indians both had all 5 of their contestants making the two countries together have more representation than the entirety of Europe. A lot of Asian countries also had 2 or 3 of their competitors still in and the US had 4 in. All in all, Harry concluded, he was probably the last chance for Europe. His first match in the third round was against Delacour, who Harry noted was a half-veela, so water would be useful and fire harmless against the witch. Harry started out with a couple spell-chains and was put on the back foot early on by the aggressive charm work that the veela was pushing at him, Harry had to block and wasn't able to get an attack in. Harry decided to try and overcome the girl magically, by letting her use up her magic on the long and arduous attack but that turned out to be a fail as the girl seemed to have huge magical reserves, probably larger than Harry's were at the moment. Harry burst out with a large burst of elemental magic, throwing a jet of water right at the veela, who screamed in terror and threw an equally large burst of veela fire right at the water, creating dark smoke, which Harry quickly manipulated to be thrown at Fleur as Arcturus had taught him, using the distraction to throw a wide variety of spells at the girl, not taking any chances. Finally, when the smoke was dispelled, they found Fleur unconscious and tied up. Harry sighed a sigh of relief, the first match of the third round was out of the way. His second and third match were fairly easy, beating out the Swedish competitor and the last competitor from South Africa. His fourth match pitted him against one of the favourites for the tournament and one of Japan's last two competitors. The girl was slim and serious, dressed in the muggle-way, in a fashion similar to Harry's. Harry had observed her and knew that she had been playing with her previous opponents, so he did not know all of her tricks, thankfully that went the other way too and Harry knew and few useful tricks as well. Harry and his opponent engaged in a quick battle of magic both raising the bar with every spell they cast until they were both way above the u-15 level that they were fighting at, Harry found them equally placed in terms of magical knowledge, at least in terms of conventional hexes, jinxes and combat magic. Then the girl took the battle to the next level by closing in on Harry slowly, something that many did not notice but Harry noticed immediately, not backing away from the challenge but increasing the speed of his attacks to try and push the girl back. Unfortunately, his opponent, slashed away all of Harry's spells and leapt at him, a short knife shining in her hand. Harry instinctively knew it was alchemically transmuted, the mirthful glint in her eye said it all. So, instead of trying to transfigure the weapon like most would, Harry unsheathed his own sword which was hidden underneath his cloak and parried the knife hit, taking advantage of the opening to slam a few spells into the girl, sending her reeling backwards, with most likely a broken rib-cage, but the girl pressed her wand to her chest and growled a few words in Japanese before leaping again, wand in one hand, knife in the other, Harry gripped his wand and sword in a similar fashion, parrying and shooting spells simultaneously, even going in for a swipe now and again. Harry finally found and opening and sent a block of air hurtling at the girl, knocking her out against the wall. "And the victor is Harry Potter!" screamed the commentator as Harry panted heavily, looking at all of the little hits and cuts that the girl had gotten in. Harry walked back to the British box, where Cedric was waiting for him, completely awed by his performance. "You were holding back all this time!" Cedric marvelled, "And you effortlessly beat all of us in training without even breaking out half of your skills." Harry smiled abashedly, "Well, all of you were pretty amateurish, though you are pretty formidable yourself, Cedric." Cedric smiled ruefully, "Though not quite as formidable as you, eh Harry." Adrian Pucey, one of Britain's other candidates snorted, "The bastard obviously cheated, there's no way he's THAT strong." Harry gave Pucey a dirty look , "I'll take you on any time, Pucey." "Wanna go, Potter?" Pucey asked aggressively. Harry was about to snort and refuse but Cedric got in his way. "Harry doesn't even need to wipe his hands with the likes of you." The brave hufflepuff snapped at Pucey before turning around and heading in the direction of his room. Pucey growled in anger and shot a yellow spell at Cedric's back. "Cedric watch out!" Harry exclaimed and put up a quick shield which thankfully managed to stop whatever spell it was that Pucey had shot. Cedric spun around just in time to see Harry block the spell. "Out of the way Harry, this just got personal." Cedric growled and looked at Pucey with disdain, "If you want to fight me, at least be a man and fight me head on." In response, Pucey sent back a spell-chain at Cedric, which the Hufflepuff laughed at. "Is that really the best you can do?" Cedric spat at Pucey before completely destroying his opponent with a complex spell-chain that Pucey was completely unable to counter. "I've wanted to do that for so long!" Cedric looked almost giddy. Harry smiled, "Yea, he rubbed me the wrong way too," *** End of Chapter.
An: AND… Round 4! Woohoo! I'm stuck on an airplane and too cheap to pay a dollar for the complimentary wifi and I don't have enough battery to play a video game so… I'm writing this. An2: I really dug myself into a hole by making Harry's competitor in the last chapter Japanese cuz I really don't know very many Japanese names at all… I DID steal the name from Death Note, just in case you've read that and you're wondering. :-P An3: I don't want Harry to be overpowered but to put things in context, Harry needs to be able to stand up to Voldemort by his sixth to seventh year, and Sirius isn't even 1/50th as good as Voldy so Harry needs to improve very quickly. Also, Harry had the advantage of surprise over Sirius who didn't know any elemental magic at all, while Voldemort will and can counter it effectively. Btw, Parseltongue is written like ~this~ *** Le Present Both Harry and Cedric had gotten into the fourth round, Harry was undefeated while Cedric's 79%-win rate just about got him through to the fourth round out of the 5 round tournament. Harry started the fourth round which had only 8 contestants remaining. Harry had observed his competition carefully. Cedric was a threat but limited in his magical avenues and would be simple enough for Harry to overpower despite having a good head on his shoulders and relatively strong magic. Fleur Delacour was a veela with good technique but would ultimately not prove to be much of a challenge. Misa, the Japanese witch had displayed the most skill outside of Harry himself, and so far was seeming to be the biggest challenge for Harry, because she knew a variety of spells as large as his along with decent battle transfiguration and alchemy. There were one Chinese Wizard who had a relatively small magical core but played really fast to overwhelm his opponents. Surprisingly, Bulgaria's foot in the duelling door was in fact, the Quidditch sensation Victor Krum who would become the youngest player to ever play a world cup next year. Krum was powerful and knew several Bulgarian spells and questionably grey magic that had so far given him the edge against his opponents but his reaction time was by far the slowest among the remaining duellists which would put him at a severe disadvantage against most of the remaining players. There was one remaining champion from India, Ram or something like that who was skilled with Parselmagic, magic used in Parseltongue, a skill indigenous to India, though Harry would have an advantage of knowing what Parselmagic was being used, being a Parselmouth himself. Then there was the Wizard from the US who had stayed in too. The first match pitched Victor Krum against the American wizard which Krum narrowly managed to pull off, his strong magic being enough to barrel straight through his opponent's shields. Ram was put up against the French girl, Fleur Delacour who was completely out of her depth in the battle and at a complete disadvantage, being unable to speak Parseltongue, she lost within 30 seconds of the battle beginning, in a pretty embarrassingly easy duel. Cedric was put up against Misa, a battle in which he sadly had no hope but put up a valiant effort, fighting hard against the Japanese girl, going hard at it and putting her on the back foot for the first minute before she pushed back and completely annihilated Cedric. Harry felt slightly bad for his countryman but focussed on his battle against the Chinese wizard, defending himself expertly and pulling off a fairly textbook victory, by blocking his opponent's spell, and shooting a quick expelliarmus-stupefy chaim. The next round was the semi-finals, narrowed down to the last 4, Misa, Ram, Krum and Harry. Harry's first game was against Krum, another fairly easy win, though Harry had to overpower his spells to break through Krum's shield. Then he sat down to watch the game between Misa and Ram. "This ought to be interesting." Harry commented to Cedric who was sitting beside him in the audience. Ram began the game, playing it safe and defending Misa's attacks, sending back his own spells to keep the pressure up but not going all-in on a push. Misa raised the bar on the spells, but Ram kept pushing her back, further and further, switching to Parselmagic spells and completely owning her in the battle. Only her extreme skill, kept her duelling the match though it was obviously one which she was losing. In desperation, Misa flung herself to the ground and muttered some stuff, her wand glowing bright. Suddenly, a huge hole appeared under Ram, making him stumble and fall into the pit, while Misa now had a large spear in her hand, that she ran at the disoriented Indian with. Thankfully for Ram, he immediately put up a Parselmagic ward while he regained his senses, pushing Misa away, and giving Ram the opening to stun her. Harry clapped along with the rest of the crowd, he would be facing Ram, who seemed to be dangerous enough to beat Misa with relative ease. Harry took his stance against the Indian boy and immediately started casting, to which Ram started casting in Parselmagic and Harry could hear what he was saying. While latin was a fairly powerful root for magic, Parseltongue was practically laced with magic making it far stronger than the regular latin spells that one would use. He was hissing words, ~Cut~, ~Sleep~ and ~Burn~ seemed to be his favourite ones, and knowing his spells gave him an advantage of knowing exactly what Ram was casting. Despite being relatively evenly matched, it really seemed like Ram was getting the better of Harry, his Parselmagic spells giving Harry quite a bit of trouble with their powerful nature. Harry decided to finally pull all of the stops and retaliated with a burst of fire that Ram put out easily with a simple ~Water~ that produced almost elemental levels of water and created a great bunch of smoke but before Harry could throw that at Ram, Ram announced, ~Dissipate~ and the smoke dissipated, leaving Harry somewhat compromised. Harry defended himself desperately as Ram tried to take advantage of his surprise and went all in with the push, throwing spell after spell, and Harry was pushed back further. Harry created a large shield of ice that would hold a couple seconds but was surprised to hear a crack from behind him and a stunner approaching quick. Harry sliced through the spell and barely had time to register that the boy could apparate before being pushed back against his own ice wall. Ram got closer and closer to Harry, his spells becoming harder, faster and quicker. Harry smiled viciously, this gave him just the opportunity he needed, his sword was out of its sheath in the blink of an eye and Ram had no way to block the long slice across his chest. Ram stepped back and gurgled slightly as a trickle of blood slipped from his lip and Harry struck him hard with a stunner that pushed him back several paces, his eyes rolling up into his head as he collapsed and the medics rushed in to magick away the wound. Unfortunately, their dittany wasn't working as quickly as expected, the healers looked to Harry, "What did you do?" "My sword is alchemically created, it's magic resistant." Harry explained. The medics cursed, They revived Ram, "Well, your chest will take a few weeks to heal but we should be able to prevent any scarring." The Indian competitor smiled ruefully, "Good game, though I really thought I had it in the bag." Harry grinned too, "Friends?" he held out his hand. "Friends." Ram repeated and shook Harry's hand as they exchanged owl addresses. "Well, it's time for the trophy ceremony." One of the medics said and Harry moved in the direction that he was supposed to. "In first place… Britain's saviour… Harry James Potter!" Harry took his golden trophy. "In second place…Asian u-18 champion, Ramesh Mahadevan!" Ram went up and took his own silver medal. "In third place… from the world-acknowledged best-duelling-school Japan School of Magic, Misa Amane!" Misa went up and took her award as well. Harry smiled joyfully, he had three new friends AND he had won the duelling tournament. It had been a good summer. *** End of Chapter.
*** Hogwarts Express The summer ended soon after Harry's victory which was very publicized in the British media as Harry was the first British competitor to win the trophy since Filius Flitwick had competed back in the 60s. Harry credited Arcturus and Dumbledore as his trainers, saying that they cultivated his 'passion for duelling', neglecting to mention Nicolas Flamel's contribution to his studies. It was time to go back to Hogwarts. Harry spent most of the time on the train catching up with Hermione and introducing Cedric, who had decided to sit with them after his turn at patrolling which happened in the middle of the ride. "This way, I get to sit with both groups of my friends." Cedric explained. It was a generally quicker ride than usual, and both Harry and Hermione were looking forward to getting back to good ol' Hoggy. *** Later, at Hogwarts "It is my sad duty to inform you that Quidditch will not be taking place this year. Instead, we will be holding a far more important event, the Triwizard Tournament…" Dumbledore waited for the gasping and murmuring to die down. "…there is no official age limit on the entry, but if you are younger than fifth year, I would not advise you to enter." Dumbledore looked somewhat severely at Harry and Hermione, giving them a warning look. "…Not to mention that the choice will be made by an ancient magical artefact that measures worthiness using an algorithm that takes into account magical power, skill and even balances out for age, so if you are younger, the artefact, known as the goblet of fire will be far less likely to pick you unless you are substantially more worthy than the other contestants. The tasks have been made far safer with next to no chance of death, unless something goes horribly wrong. In addition to the points earned in the first two tasks, there will also be a three-person duelling tournament, as well as a Quidditch, as well as a chess tournament, that will add 50 points each to the winner as much as a flawless score on a task. These two will be chosen by the school's chosen coach, for Hogwarts, Filius Flitwick, seven-time winner of the international duelling tournament will be coaching the duelling team and Rolanda Hooch, former England player and Wasps captain will be coaching the Quidditch team." There was thunderous noise and whooping from the younger students who were afraid Dumbledore would prevent them from entering. "We will be hosting the Beauxbatons Ecole de magie as well as the Durmstang Institute of magic, both schools will be arriving next week, and please do remember that the first and foremost point of this tournament is to promote friendship between our various countries. We have invited them earlier than usual, so that you may bond with them before the tournament. The trials for the duelling team and the Quidditch team will be held tomorrow and day after respectively, the trials for the chess team will be held the day after that, if you want to sign up, please talk to Professor Flitwick or Professor Hooch as would apply. The goblet of fire will be unveiled the day our visitors arrive, there will be wards around it that will prevent the entry of the name of someone's name by another person. Hopefully this will be sufficient defence, and I implore any student thinking to enter their name to reconsider." *** Next day Harry had signed up for the tryouts for both the duelling competition as well as the Quidditch team. Flitwick had them lined up and called them forward one by one to judge their ability, he went easy on them for a while before suddenly going all out to see their defence, then stopping the duel once his enemy was beaten. Hermione didn't want to participate in the duelling tournament despite Harry's protests. Cedric did the best against Flitwick, making Flitwick have to go on the defensive for almost twenty seconds before Flitwick recovered from the shock and completely owned Cedric. Harry went up slightly nervous, from the skill already displayed, it was unlikely he would even come close to winning, but if he went really hard, he could make a good impression on his Professor. Harry started out with spell-chains, getting faster as he went, causing Flitwick to have to respond, with defensive spells and even some counters. Harry immediately went the elemental route to coax his opponent into attacking and as he thought, Flitwick fought back, destroying his fire-stream with a flick of his wrist which caused a jet of water, which went on towards Harry. Harry sliced right through the stream, with a cutting curse, that Flitwick absorbed on a shield before having to pour extra power into the shield as Harry sent spell after spell, trying to overload the shield. Flitwick sent a burst of energy, blinding Harry and incinerating his spells. In the single second that Harry was blinded, Flitwick sprung right at Harry, closing the distance. Anticipating the move, Harry drew the sword of Potter and swung ahead of himself pre-emptively, forcing Flitwick to sway backwards and not be able to cast a spell, while Harry sent a wave of air to blast Flitwick back. Flitwick was flung backwards but the master dueller stopped himself in mid-air and sent a fearsome bird of fire at Harry. Harry conjured a Basilisk of water, but it wasn't nearly big enough to fight the raven. The fire stopped just in front of Harry and a quick stunning spell almost caught him but Harry's reflex batted the spell away. "I concede." Harry said respectfully, knowing that if Flitwick wasn't afraid to burn his stat student, he would have lost and lost painfully. "The three who will play for Hogwarts are Cedric Diggory, Harry Potter and Cho Chang, the reserves are Oliver Wood, Fred Weasley and George Weasley." Flitwick announced, "All of you will show up immediately after class on Mondays and Fridays." "Can you talk to Professor Black and Headmaster Dumbledore about inserting this into my timetable." Harry questioned. Flitwick looked like wanted to question Harry a bit but held back. "Yes, Mr Potter, I will, but know that the Headmaster doesn't run your life." Flitwick warned. *** End of Chapter.
An: 300 favourites and 500 follows=extra-long chapter for you guys. Really though, thanks a lot for all of the supportive reviews and especially the constructive ones. I've written close to 100,000 words on this site (overall) and I've been especially lucky with getting fewer flames than I thought possible. *** Quidditch tryouts Hooch surveyed the huge turnout for the Quidditch team trials with an analytical eye. "All of you who aren't on your House team get out of here. Those of you who haven't had the chance, stay here, team players, get warmed up while I survey the 'new talent'." Hooch made air quotes. Harry left with most of the other faces he recognized, he, Cedric and Cho started practising catches on their brooms with a few enchanted golf balls that Harry had brought over from the muggle world. They ignored Draco Malfoy, who was looking down at the group from where he was practising his own dives and turns. Meanwhile Hooch made the younger ones (around his own age, Harry corrected) to do a few laps of the field, the ones who couldn't were sent off immediately. "What position do you want to play." Hooch barked and the students separated up. Hooch immediately took out all of the slower players who were prospective seekers and chasers and sent them back. She was left with 8 kids. "TEAM PLAYERS, GET OVER HERE." Hooch hollered over. Harry, along with the rest got over to Hooch and automatically took their positions by role. "Newbies, join their groups as per your prospective role." Hooch commanded. "Keepers first." Hooch herself shot all of the goals, she zipped around, moving with the grace of a pro, and dunking in the goals, getting all 10 of her attempts in for all the newbies and most in even for the team players, only Oliver Wood managed to block 7 out of the 10 shots, automatically making him the top choice for keeper. Harry noted the Quidditch-crazed Ron Weasley did fairly well for the keeper position and noted him for the Gryffindor Quidditch team of the future, once Oliver was out. "Beaters next." Hooch had a frown on after the beater trials. "By far the best beater out there was Hopkins of Hufflepuff, but the second best were Fred and George Weasley, but you two rely a lot on your twin-work, and Hopkins did quite a bit better so… the beaters are Hopkins of Hufflepuff and Melinoe of Ravenclaw. Chasers next, Wood, in the goal, Hopkins, Melinoe, I want you two bludgering it up for the prospective chasers." All the chasers were competing for the same ball and trying to get it in the same goal, the game would end after 20 goals were scored, at which point Hooch expected there too be a few clear choices. Angelina Johnson got the early lead, managing to steal the ball and get a surprisingly accurate shot through the left goal, which Oliver tumbled to stop but only managed to deflect onto the rim and into the goal. After that, there were a few attempts, notably by Katie Bell and Montague, Slytherin's captain. Finally the second goal of the game was once again a lucky shot by Angelina who flipped upside down and threw it past Oliver to gain a clear lead. Montague aggressively got the next goal and retained possession to make another two attempts before a handy swipe by Hufflepuff's lead chaser, Pithy earned him the ball and got 1 goal to his name. Angelina continued to dominate, getting a third and fourth goal in, while Montague pulled another one through as well. Katie got a few in as well, but at the end of the game, it had been very one-sided. Angelina had 8 goals to her name. Montague had 5. Pithy had 3. Katie had 2. Alicia Spinnet had 1 and finally Ravenclaw's chaser Bofur had 1. "The chasers will be Johnson of Gryffindor, Montague of Slytherin and Pithy of Hufflepuff. Seekers, get yourselves up here! There will be 10 snitches to be caught, beaters will be up there as well." Harry's competition was Cedric, Cho, Malfoy and two opportunistic Gryffindor second years. Harry was mildly concerned about Cedric, fairly sure he could beat Cho and positive of his superiority over Malfoy and the two second years. It was beginning to get dark and the snitch would be hard to find so Harry vowed to catch it quickly before it went completely out of sight. With a few quick moves, Harry was right on the tail and Cedric chose to follow him immediately while the other seekers went out looking for the snitch in other places. Harry gritted his teeth and pushed his nimbus to its limits, keeping himself ahead of Cedric by a few metres, the snitch took a sharp dive to try and escape Harry, by this point, everyone else had seen the snitch and were speeding over to try and take the snitch. Harry cut the power on his broom, letting gravity pull him down completely, pointing his brook downwards, grabbing the snitch and blasting upwards just as he was about to crash into paste on the pitch. Cedric managed to beat out Harry on the next two but Harry came back with a streak of 4 in a row. In the end the seeker competition ended up being even more one-sided that the chaser one if that was even possible, with Harry catching 5, Cedric getting 3 and Cho getting 2, disappointing all the other prospectives who were all out of their depths when dealing with the three team seekers. "The seekers for the Hogwarts Quidditch team will be Potter of Gryffindor, the team has been selected, since you are all house team players, you will continue your normal schedule as well as 1 hour every morning. I will be sending your timings to yourselves specifically. Good luck for the competition, make Hogwarts and myself proud by winning this as well as the Triwizard competition." At this Hooch glanced at Harry specifically. *** End of Chapter… An: Not really! Double Chapter. :-P *** Next week The week passed very quickly, Harry continued to do well in most of his classes, Arcturus was still teaching defence, a subject which had been renamed to avoid Voldemort's curse to just 'Defence' as opposed to Defence against the dark arts. Curiously enough, Voldemort seemed to have tied the curse to the title, so Arcturus' innovative solution seemed to have actually managed to completely avoid the curse. Dumbledore was kicking himself for not thinking about it sooner, for a long time, getting a good defence teacher had become nigh impossible for a long time before Arcturus. Harry himself was looking forward to the arrival of the other two schools, the only person he had met from either was Fleur Delacour, who was part-veela and had taken part in the duelling competition, playing for France. He was sad that the Triwizard tournament was only European countries, he would have loved to meet his Asian friends again and the Americans would also have been fun to face off against. With a start Harry noticed the flying carriage that was descending from the sky and he could vaguely make out the packed inside which seemed to hold almost the entire sixth and seventh years of Beauxbatons as well as some of the fifth years, if Harry's squinty eyes were correct. At the same time, a ship began rising out of the lake, which Harry noted was flying the flag of Durmstrang. The Beauxbatons students were the first to arrive, and Harry immediately noticed the effect of Delacour's veela heritage, with perhaps a few other half or full veelas as well. Harry's occlumency managed to stop the effect on himself but he could empathise with the veelas in the group somewhat, being famous enough to draw such looks of adoration from others himself. As the Beauxbatons students walked through the gates of the castle, Fleur Delacour threw Harry a filthy look, apparently, she still hadn't gotten over her overwhelming defeat at the hands of the Heir Potter. Soon enough the Durmstrang students also arrived, though they were very obviously organised in some sort of hierarchy, with some of the lanky and shorter students standing up front while at the back stood the up and coming Quidditch star Viktor Krum along with their Headmaster Karkaroff (ex-Death Eater, Harry noted) and three other coaches presumably for the Quidditch, Duelling and Chess challenges, though Harry idly wondered what role the chess coach fulfilled at their school. McGonagall had surprisingly taken over the chess competition, apparently, she had a 'passion' for the game, and had transfigured a giant sentient chess set for her mastery in transfiguration which Harry thought to be a somewhat strange but respectable feat of magic. Once all the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students had trickled into the Great Hall, and were standing where the first years usually stood, though packed much closer together, Dumbledore made to welcome Hogwarts' guests. "Please give a round of applause for the students of Beauxbatons school of magic and the Durmstrang Institute!" Dumbledore put his own hands together, somehow managing to amplify his own claps. "Now, presenting to the student body for the first time… the goblet of fire!" Dumbledore pulled off the tarp that was covering the large and conspicuous object that had somehow escaped Harry's notice so far (Harry suspected notice-me-not charms or author forgetfulness) to reveal a huge and majestic goblet, with a huge gold base and an intricate glass design on the cup portion, from the mouth of the goblet burst a huge blue fire which seemed to transfix all the students, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang included. "To enter your name, all you have to do is write down your name on a piece of paper and throw it into the goblet. It will automatically enter you into a magical contract if you are chosen, a copy of said magical contract will be available upon askance if any student wishes to read it over. The basic contents are that you are required to participate in three tasks, one yule ball and one victor's ceremony. Once again, I implore you to be sure of your decision to enter the tournament, while not deadly, it can seriously injure a person so this is your last warning…" Dumbledore trailed off warningly, looking around piercingly at some of the jokers and pranksters, sticking especially long on Fred and George Weasley. "… Other than that, Beauxbatons will be bunking with the Gryffindors and Durmstrang with the Slytherins, the male students will be spread out across the male dorms and vice versa for the females, you may now begin the feast and…welcome to Hogwarts." With that Dumbledore clapped and almost as a whole, the entire hall started eating. Harry noticed that there was indeed more than one veela, there was Fleur and some Moreau girl who was also attracting about as much attention from duelling boys. "Honestly, they aren't that attractive." Hermione muttered, annoyed at the lovestruck puppy expression sported by a large amount of Hogwarts' population of boys. "They're at least partially veela, their aura would create this kind of reaction even if they were really ugly, which of course is prevented by their veela genes." Harry whispered to his best friend. "But if they're veela, why aren't you affected?" Hermione asked, confusedly. "Occlumency has many uses." Harry said, making his voice sound somewhat mysterious then bursting into peels of laughter, drawing a grin from Hermione as well. "What is so funny?" Harry heard the cold voice of Fleur Delacour from his right." "Inside joke." Harry provided. Fleur raised an eyebrow, looking every bit the haughty princess, "Whatever, please pass the bouillabaisse." Harry passed over the requested dish and the half-veela swept off back to her part of the table. "What's her problem, I thought she'd love someone who could resist her allure." Hermione asked. "I completely thrashed her at the duelling cup, she was one of the favourites to win the thing before I came and knocked her out in the third round." Harry informed Hermione. *** End of Chapter An: Whew, that was a long one. BTW, dare any1 to find the Hobbit reference, it's fairly obvious if you've read the novel.
An: Finally, an update for the Intelligent Potter! *** Present "What's her problem, I thought she'd love someone who could resist her allure." Hermione asked. "I completely thrashed her at the duelling cup, she was one of the favourites to win the thing before I came and knocked her out in the third round." Harry informed Hermione. Hermione nodded in understanding, "You can have that effect on people when you beat them." Hermione mentioned lightly. "Are you going to enter the Triwizard, Hermione?" Harry asked curiously. Hermione hesitated before shaking her head, "I don't want any part of the controversy associated with the tournament." "Controversy?" Harry said confusedly. "Honestly Harry, do your research before deciding whether or not to enter a tournament! Not only has the tournament ended in the death of many of its participants, but its winners were often left with life-long injuries. The Ministries have assured people that the tournament is completely safe this year…but most don't believe it, especially with that fool Bagman in the sports ministry." Hermione said. "Dumbledore had a say in it, he wouldn't let us participate in a tournament that could leave us killed." Harry spoke. Hermione spoke hesitantly, "He may be a good man and a great teacher, Harry, but you have to admit that he isn't the best at preventing danger. Anyway, it was Professor Black that wanted you in the tournament more than the Headmaster anyway." Harry nodded, a little apprehensive at this point but still determined, "Well, I'm still entering." At the end of the meal, Dumbledore stood, "It's time for the goblet to be opened, you may now enter your name into the fire, beware, if you're under 5th year, think long and hard before entering. I have worked tirelessly with the Ministry to make sure the tasks are not dangerous, but severe embarrassment can be just as dangerous sometimes." Dumbledore's eyes scanned the crowd before smiling gently, "Off you go now, unless you wish to enter the tournament." Hermione stayed with Harry as he went to enter his name. Dumbledore descended down from the stage and peered at Harry closely, "Be careful Harry, and come meet Arcturus and I at the regular time today." Harry nodded, "Yes, Headmaster, but I need to go for the duelling tryouts just before, so I might be a bit late." Dumbledore nodded, "That'll be fine, just show up as early as you can." *** Duelling tryouts Filius Flitwick stood at the front of the room with Arcturus alongside him. "All of you prospectives will be duelling Arcturus, I will decide who the best are from your performances, if you believe you could increase your performance, you are welcome to a second try but that will be all." The short Charms Professor spoke. Arcturus began to pick students randomly to duel. Several third and fourth years tried their hand, and were fairly competent because of the training for the Lord of the Blacks. Even still, Arcturus patronised then for a bit before completely knocking them over with a simple lazy spell-chain. Oliver Wood, Harry's Quidditch captain was the first candidate of interest. Wood started out with a fairly conserved offense, and Harry noted idly that he was preparing himself for defence. As expected, Arcturus suddenly burst out a huge spell-chain, in anticipation of this, Wood blocked the majority of the spells, pulling up a shield and moving out of the way. Suddenly Wood seemed to be completely on the offensive, hoping that Arcturus had overextended on the attack, not knowing even a hundredth of the man's potential. Unfortunately for the Gryffindor keeper, Arcturus simply batted all of Wood's spells out of the way before responding again with several spells, this time giving Wood no reprieve from his attack. Wood stumbled backwards, barely able to keep up with the spellfire, gritting his teeth but standing his ground despite the onslaught of spells. He took a step forward, trying to gain ground on Arcturus to intimidate him but only managing to get the Defence professor to raise his fighting another notch. Arcturus transfigured the ground beneath Wood to mud, which Wood depulo'd at Arcturus and jumped out the hole created by the loss of mass. Arcturus took the opportunity to vanish the mud and simply stun Wood, while he was undefended. Flitwick squeaked in excitement as Wood was rennervated, "Good job, Mr Wood!" After that, there were some other lacklustre performances, then Cedric. Harry was excited for his friend, knowing that Cedric was likely to get onto the team. Cedric began fairly cautiously, throwing spells at Arcturus at a pretty good speed, but not overcommitting to any lengthy attacks. Arcturus began fighting back, immediately moving onto transfiguration and innovative battle. Cedric grit his teeth but managed to negate Arcturus' attacks using techniques learnt from the duelling cup. Arcturus nodded with respect at the Hufflepuff's skill before throwing an elemental assault at an unsuspecting Cedric. With the quick burst of water, Cedric was drenched and on the floor. A quick stunner caught him as Arcturus finished the duel with a flourish. Flitwick seemed positively delighted at the result of the battle and called up Hermione to be next. Arcturus did not waste any time with his pupil. He started out with a warm-up spell-chain which Hermione blocked and sent back in fairly routine fashion. The two bounced spells back and forth, Arcturus firing quickly, Hermione just a second behind in countering them. A sheen of sweat came onto Hermione's forehead, stamina wasn't her best area, but Arcturus wasn't even winded, increasing the level of his attack, continuing spells but interlacing bursts of water and air. Hermione countered this using Earth elemental magic, with which she was fairly proficient. She pulled stone out of the construction of Hogwarts and blocked Arcturus' attacks with it, banishing the broken pieces at him and following it up with her own assault of spells, in set spell-chains that could have overwhelmed a weaker wizard but barely affected Arcturus, who sprung into action, blocking all of the spells quickly and turning a few around, sending them cruising back at Hermione. Despite her success at keeping him back so far, Hermione was pushed really onto the defensive and was unable to get a strike in, finally being completely overwhelmed by Arcturus and knocked out by a sneaky wall of air. Arcturus had began to sweat a little but that was nothing compared to the buckets of sweat and heavy panting of his combatant. Flitwick seemed awed by Hermione's performance, out of words. Harry went up next, and didn't even give Arcturus the pleasure of starting like Hermione did, he threw a quick spell-chain at Arcturus, sending another one before the first had even hit, knowing already that all of it would be batted aside by the oldest Black. With a deep breath, Harry called on his key weapon. Harry summoned a burst of fire from his wand, sending it jetting at Arcturus who battled it with a tidal wave of water that materialised from his wand, which was moving at the speed of light. With a grunt, Harry managed to evaporate the water, but only just managed to bat aside the incoming spell-chain that Arcturus sent to finish him off. He fought the elemental game with Arcturus a little bit longer, before the Lord Black raised the battle another notch and completely destroyed Harry, knocking him out against the wall with a banishing spell, while Harry was defending from his Basilisk of fire and his oncoming volley of area damage spells. After not very long consideration, the results were sounded out. "The members of the duelling team of Hogwarts are… Cedric Diggory! Hermione Granger… and Harry Potter! The substitutes are Angelina Johnson and Oliver Wood!" Flitwick said happily. *** End of Chapter
*** Present Time passed fairly quickly for Harry and Hermione as both did fairly in most of their subjects. Both third-years were extremely busy, as they had schoolwork, training from Dumbledore and Arcturus to balance alongside their dueling training and in Harry's case, Quidditch training as well. The Headmaster had overruled Arcturus and said that they would have shortened training sessions. "You two have come very far in the last year, not only do you have more commitments now, you are also quite ahead of schedule in training, I believe we can ease off on the training and half the length of our current sessions." Dumbledore mandated. Arcturus frowned slightly but consented, "Very well, but you two must play to your best in training, I will be duelling you myself in training so that you may exercise your full capability and not slack off." Harry and Hermione nodded their consent. "Harry, I know you have entered the Triwizard tournament and that is one of the reasons, I'm giving you more time off right now, in the likely scenario that you get chosen as the Hogwarts champion, you will not get another moment of rest, I would highly suggest that you use your newfound free time to relax and…being a child." The Headmaster said quietly to Harry. "You know Harry, my initial plan was to let you live out your childhood, and only begin your training in your fifth or sixth year at Hogwarts. Arcturus may have convinced me that you needed to start training early, but there's still a part of me that wishes you got a chance to grow up a bit more." Dumbledore sighed, his age more apparent to Harry now than it had been ever before. Harry nodded, unsure of what to say to his Headmaster. "I think you did the right thing, Headmaster." Harry finally decided on, then hurrying out the Room of Requirement before Dumbledore could reply. "I hope so, my boy," Dumbledore whispered out to an empty room. *** Great Hall Dumbledore stood majestically in front of the great hall, "Good evening students, faculty and guests, today is the day that our Triwizard Champions are to be picked. The Goblet of Fire will pick three students, one from each of our great establishments of education. Before the ceremony begins, I would personally like to thank some of our sponsors for this tournament, Nimbus Brooms Incorporated, Ollivander Wands and the International Wizarding Chess Association. I would like to also mention the International Wizarding Chess Association will also be sponsoring the chess career of the first-place winner of the Triwizard Chess Competition and giving them an automatic qualification for the First Annual Wizarding Chess Competition that will be taking place in Sweden this year with 50 open places. Now that the formalities are out of the way, let's get the Triwizard tournament officially started!" Dumbledore tapped the goblet of fire and the giant golden goblet glowed a light blue before flames of a similar blue colour sprung forth from it, flaring higher than they had even when names were being entered. A piece of paper fluttered out from the ancient artifact. "The champion for Beauxbatons is… Fleur Delacour!" Dumbledore stated out. The half-veela rose gracefully, smirking out at the crowd from where she sat at the Gryffindor table. Fleur elegantly walked into the antechamber assigned to the champions. "The champion for Durmstrang is…Victor Krum!" Finally, the third piece of paper fluttered out from the goblet, "The champion for Hogwarts is…Harry Potter!" Dumbledore said, much to the uproar of the students of Hogwarts, especially the seventh years. Cedric smiled over at Harry and nodded his congratulations while Angelina Johnson of his own house seemed to be slightly shocked to be shown up by the third year but gave Harry a watery smile nonetheless. Harry walked to the antechamber smartly, but just before he entered, another piece of paper fluttered out of the goblet. "…Harry Potter?" Dumbledore read out in confusion. Harry turned around, "Yes, Professor Dumbledore?" he asked in quite apparent confusion. "Harry, did you enter your name twice?" Dumbledore asked. "No Headmaster." Harry returned. "Very well then, Harry, go inside and wait…" Dumbledore said, lost in thought. 'Somebody is trying to force Harry into the tournament, likely because of the high death toll…" Dumbledore wondered. He mechanically announced the champions names again, drawing a large round of applause. "For the winner of this illustrious tournament are… 10,000 galleons in rewards!" Dumbledore announced, "The judges for the actual tournament will be the three school heads, as well as a representative from each of our sponsors, Nimbus, Ollivanders and the IWCA. Their representatives will be arriving tomorrow." Dumbledore announced. "Anyway, before you can proceed with your meals, here is an outline of the tournament's next couple events. Tomorrow will be the traditional weighing of the wands ceremony, held and sponsored by Ollivander's Wands. It will be held AFTER classes in Events Chamber 3. In exactly 7 days, next Saturday will be held the Quidditch opening ceremony, bringing in several professional players to play the opening match as well as a race of the seekers between the three school seekers as well as the seeker brought in by Nimbus Brooms for the event. The following day, a Sunday will be the opening of the Chess Competition, bringing in the most lauded Chess Player in the Wizarding World and biggest funder of the IWCA, Niko Derome, all the way from Finland." There was a large cheer about the news of the Quidditch opening ceremony, with people excitedly wondering who would be brought in by the Nimbus Broom Company, with bets on players of the Falmouth Falcons and the American National Team, both of which were sponsored by the company. *** Champion's antechamber Harry entered the room which held the other two champions, both of them sixth years from their respective schools. Fleur gave Harry a cold look but did not comment on his age, having faced him in the Duelling tournament. Krum on the other hand gave Harry a very curious look, "Are you the Hogwarts champion." Krum said from under a thick Bulgarian accent. Harry nodded in confirmation. "Are you not a little young?" Krum asked hesitantly. "Some would say so." Harry said in a half-answer, "but I was chosen by the goblet after all, so I must be the most qualified from Hogwarts." Harry continued reasonably. *** End of Chapter
An: This chapter provides insight into the situation of Voldemort. I don't feel the need to hide this and plot-dump it later as was done in canon. It worked in canon, but I am nowhere near skilled enough to work in enough dream-hints and plot-dumps to make this work without a proper narrative of events, so to hell with mystery, here you go. *** Riddle Manor, several days ago, (before narrative present) Barty Crouch Jr nursed the Voldemort-baby, as his infantile master mulled over his plan. Voldemort knew he needed the blood of his arch-enemy for his chosen ritual to work. The only three whom he thought would work would Albus Dumbledore, Arcturus Black and Harry Potter. The first two were highly dangerous wizards, and while he could probably beat them at his peak, in his current form, he was useless and Barty, despite his astuteness and considerable duelling prowess would be about as good as a sack of potatoes in front of the wizened wizards. Not to mention, Dumbledore and Black were both in Hogwarts with no real way to lure them out of the castle. This left only Harry Potter as a possibility, though the Potter boy was also in the castle, he would be the easiest to lure out of it. Voldemort flicked through several hundred ideas per second to lure out the Potter Heir, each as implausible as the next. Voldemort cursed his lack of power at that particular moment, he was immensely grateful to have a competent minion in Barty but he missed the great monies of his Pureblood lords, his dueling powerhouses in the form of Avery and Bella, his hundreds of minions and most of all, his own body and power. Still, Voldemort narrowed down his ideas quickly. He surmised that the quickest way to get the boy to himself would be through the Triwizard tournament somehow. Perhaps through creating a portkey in the form of the cup at the end, he could probably imperious one of the sponsors, maybe the Chess representative. The harder part would be to rig the goblet to spit out Potter's name in the first place. He was apparently one of the favorites for the Hogwarts champion position but Voldemort wasn't one to leave his plans to chance, he would have to find some way to rig the goblet in the next couple days. Voldemort wished for the utmost time that he had a foothold within the castle, he wasn't sure exactly how much he could trust Severus Snape, and he wouldn't risk being sold out to Dumbledore and being entirely done for. The Head of Slytherin, with his mastery of Occlumency, was too slippery to be trusted, a true Slytherin. He had hoped to plant Barty in the castle as the Defence professor but that plan was thwarted by that damn Black who had managed to circumvent his curse entirely, and he would be unable to place such a curse on the position without intimate contact with the castle and a ward-stone to connect to. He briefly considered attempting an exorcism of Binns but decided that not only did he not have the resources for that, but it would make Dumbledore insanely suspicious. No, he had to go inside Hogwarts himself for his plan to come even remotely close to working. He would need a homunculus. This led him back to his original problem. To acquire a homunculus, he would need Potter's blood. To get Potter's blood, he would need to acquire a homunculus. He was stuck in circular thinking. Voldemort berated himself, he had to plan with what he had, it was how he had become so big in the first place. Voldemort wondered whether a transfigured body would work. He remembered his own research into alchemy, which was basically what he'd be attempting with the ritual. The main advantage of alchemically transmuted objects over the same transfigured objects are the magical properties. Transmutation not only keeps all magical abilities, it is also immune to magic and never reverts back to its original form. Still, he didn't need the transfiguration to last forever, if Crouch could power it properly, he could stick his own soul into the damn thing temporarily. What he needed to work out was whether his magic would transfer over with him, because that would be integral to his plan. Furthermore, he would need to be able to use his animagus ability to infiltrate the wards, one of the few weaknesses, and the only one he could exploit, in the wards. Voldemort, with a little help from Crouch, worked out the complex arithmantic calculations of the possibility of the temporary homunculus. Voldemort found that regular transfiguration wouldn't work for his needs, but he wasn't the greatest Dark Lord of the century just because of his (former) good looks and charm, his intelligence was second only to that of Dumbledore and possibly Black. Voldemort managed to work out a partial alchemy that would suit his purposes, he wasn't an expert in the field of alchemy but he knew enough to get by. Transmuting an actual human body required great sacrifices and even his own final homunculus plan worked several integral parts of his body on enchantments and only used as much alchemy as strictly necessary to keep himself alive. Voldemort devised a ritual to transmute basically only skin and bone, with the complexities of a real human body including the brain up to transfiguration and some short enchants which Crouch should be astute enough to manage. Within a few short days, and a few dozen kilos of refined gold, and one spared 'bone of father' were used to create the temporary body of Lord Voldemort. Alchemy always struck Voldemort as an uncomfortably sentimental art. The one bone of father was probably worth more in this particular alchemy than all of the gold because of the emotional value it held (or should hold) to the father's son, in this case, Voldemort. Voldemort took a few heaving breaths, straining his transfigured lungs uncomfortably. He had only a few hours to do this. It was now or never. With a crack, Voldemort was outside the gates of Hogwarts. Voldemort turned to his animagus form, panicking when the transfigured parts of him groaned in protest at the re-transfiguration but finally managing to turn into the thin snake that was his animagus form. He simply slithered through the gates of Hogwarts, altering the enchantment on the goblet to allow for four schools, after masterfully rerouting the alarm ward on the goblet to Dumbledore's very own phoenix-podium. The Dark Lord entered the chit of paper, forcing the goblet to recognise it as a fourth school before exiting the premises victoriously. His plan had worked! Harry Potter would be in the Triwizard tournament. As his homunculus fell apart in front of his very eyes, as Voldemort had just about managed to escape back into the Volde-baby body in time, he felt jubilant and surer than ever, that at this point next year, he would have his very own body. *** End of Chapter An: Wow, this really wrote itself. Not a lot happens but a good look into how Voldemort managed without Barty in the castle. Px5 out.
An: Biggest 'pro' for fanfiction – You learn how to type REALLY quickly. *** Present, Good ol Hoggy, Events Chamber 3 Almost the entirety of the school and all of its guests were seated in the hastily transfigured bleachers as the dozens of press reporters took pictures of the three champions. Fleur was coldly staring straight in front of herself, with a look of disinterest, in spite of which, the non-occluded males were still drooling over her. Krum looked surprisingly awkward on the ground, Harry had seen his graceful flying but apparently, his grace was only in the air. The Bulgarian seeker was looking gruff and somewhat uncomfortable. Harry himself was looking fairly relaxed but he knew he stuck out like a sore thumb from his much older competition. Not only was he much shorter than either Fleur or Krum but his features were still very much more childish, despite his scarily good fitness for his age. The event was being hosted by a very excited Ludo Bagman, who Harry noted was the head of the department of magical sport as well as an old beater from the Applebys. "WELL HELLO LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, TO THE CEREMONY…OF THE WEIGHING OF THE WANDS!" Bagman yelled at the top of his voice, along with a sonorous charm on his throat, making Harry wince from the loudness of the man that was standing right next to him. "SO, THE WAY THAT THIS WORKS IS-" Bagman began to yell but Ollivander tapped him on the shoulder. "I think I can handle it from here, Ludo." Garrick Ollivander said calmly, before stepping forward, "The point of the weighing of the wands, is merely to check that all participants are using legal wands that do not disadvantage them and that they do not have illegal extensions as defined by the International Condeferation of Wizards, for general sport and duelling. This simple check has turned into a ceremony over the years, may I now ask the oldest champion to step forth, Mr Victor Krum." Ollivander said formally. The stoic Bulgarian stepped forward and handed his wand to Ollivander who turned it over a few times. "Ah, a Gregorovitch creation, 10 and a fourth inches, hornbeam wood and a dragon heartstring core, very fine craftsmanship…but I've always found them a little…" Ollivander trailed off, as he thought for the word. After a bit, he shook his head and waved the wand, conjuring a golden snitch which he handed to Krum, along with his wand. "The wand of Mr Krum is in perfect condition and perfectly legal for the Triwizard Tournament." Ollivander announced, "May I now have the second oldest contestant, Ms Fleur Delacour." The French witch strutted up to the old wand-maker and handed her wand to him proudly. Ollivander turned the wand over in his hand and waved his own wand over the thing a few times. "A custom wand?" he asked Fleur, who nodded proudly. "A custom wand, nine and a half inches, Rosewood with…Veela hair, quite unconventional and possibly temperamental but perfectly legal and in great condition, can I have Mr Potter up here now?" Ollivander said. Harry went up, handing his wand to Ollivander who seemed to forget where he was for a second as he gazed at one of his own creations. "Ah, one of my finest creations, Mr Potter, you've kept it in excellent condition, 11 inches, holly, with the feather of a phoenix." With that, the old man handed Harry's wand back to him. "Well, that concludes the ceremony of the weighing of the wands." Ollivander bowed out. Ludo took over again and Harry silently apologised to his poor ears. "WELL, NOW IT'S TIME FOR THE PRESS TO DO THEIR THING, FEEL FREE TO STICK AROUND GUYS AND GALS!" Ludo said. Not many people left, for many, this was the biggest part of the entire ceremony, especially because Harry got in. Before they started, one reporter raised her hand and spoke before anybody called on her, "Do you think I could perhaps have an exclusive with young Harry, he might be too shy to answer some of my questions out here in the public eye…" Immediately, Harry knew something was up, the look in the reporter's eye didn't bode well for the interview, she was eyeing him like a piece of meat. Ludo Bagman, the gormless idiot that he was looked positively delighted with the idea, "OF COURSE RITA, I'M SURE HARRY WON'T MIND!" "Actually, Ms Skeeter," Harry said, recognizing her name as that of the Daily Prophet's gossip-monger, "Not only is it illegal for me to conduct a private interview without the written consent of my guardian, I'm sure I can answer all of your questions appropriately out here." The reporter looked like she was about to protest, so Harry continued. "I'm sure you don't want to get onto the wrong side of my guardian, Sirius can be a bit…overprotective." Rita looked mighty displeased, but knew she couldn't handle the full wrath of the house of Black which could crush her budding career right into the ground at that moment, if any of its members felt so disposed. "Very well, Harry. Let me start off this press interview with a question for you, how did you manage to get into a competition where your rivals are almost 4 years your elder, is there perhaps a technique to maybe…convince the goblet?" Rita said suggestively. "Ms Skeeter, the goblet is a very powerful magical artefact, if I were even close to capable of hoodwinking it as you are suggesting it, then I wouldn't need to because I'd already be capable enough to breeze through its testing without even a chance for anybody else. I believe that I got in purely on merit, and my significant duelling practise which led to my win in this year's under-17 duelling world cup." Harry said tactfully. "Ah, but what about your name coming out of the goblet twice?" Rita said triumphantly. "I believe that I have already mentioned that I'm not capable of confounding the goblet, it is possible that it was an attempt to enter me into the competition from either a well-wisher or somebody who knows of the death-toll of the competition." Harry said. "Do you think you can last against such experiences competitors?" Rita asked innocently, waiting for something she could paraphrase. "Yes." Harry gave a simple one-word answer. With that disappointing interview, the topics of discussion moved on to the other participants as well, though Harry still got a fair amount of questions. *** End of Chapter
An: Hello, a guest review I recently got (quite well-phrased too) did not like my concept of elemental magic, not because of my writing or anything but because fire, water, air, and earth aren't actually elements and apparently people who read fanfiction are stupid enough to believe everything I write for a HARRY POTTER fanfiction about MAGIC so I will put in a disclaimer here. The concept of elemental magic is entirely fictional for the purpose of this story, and if you really want to know about the elements, please look up the Periodic Table, and I can assure you that men have definitely been on the moon. An2: Sorry for the long ANs but I can't really reply to guests. Another guest gave me a weird speech about how cliffhangers are "immature writing devices" and talked about how shows with cliffhangers have been replaced with…Judge Judy? What really puzzles me is that this was for chapter 2, and while I don't remember the contents of it, I highly doubt there's anything I references there that wasn't explained in the next THIRTY-FOUR chapters. *** 2 days ago, ICW headquarters The International Wizard Chess Association was an ICW initiative to promote chess but the budget set out for it was less than exemplary. The IWCA was still operating out of one of the ICW's old Headquarters in Britain. The entire operation was managed by a young Finnish entrepreneur by the name of Mikko Kodisoja, he would be accompanying the chess maestro Niko Derome to Hogwarts the following day for what would be their biggest event since their founding a few months back. Mikko was doing his best to obtain funding and create a large event maybe on par with the Quidditch Premier League but he needed money for that, lots of it and Derome wasn't quite rich enough to fund an entire league and the ICW was very tight with its money. His only option would be to appeal to the rich parents of purebloods in Hogwarts and that was why he was really excited for the event. Mikko's day was basically over, it was just him and Niko who were working on plans for the opening ceremony at Hogwarts and ways to promote chess to the students. Niko rubbed his eyes and yawned, "We'll continue tomorrow, it's getting really late." With that, Mikko's countryman left the room and Mikko prepared to pack up as well but he sensed movement behind him. Mikko had the basic combat training that every member of the ICW had to take but he was no great shakes. The figure struck immediately with a few spells that Mikko managed to bat away. Whoever his assailant was, he was older than Mikko so he had the agility advantage, Mikko jumped at his opponent, attempting to wrestle him to the ground, but his opponent shot an expulsion charm straight into his stomach. Mikko fell backwards, gasping for breath and got an immobilisation charm to the chest for his troubles. Barty Crouch Jr Panted slowly then dragged the man behind himself, he would need all the hair on Mikko's head. *** Before Present, Riddle Manor While VoldeBaby was thinking of ways to cloak himself to the Hogwarts wards that wouldn't require him to have a homunculus for an extended period of time, Barty was in the final stages of brewing the insanely difficult Polyjuice potion. "How goes your potion, Barty?" The high-pitched voice of VoldeBaby called out. "Almost done, master, it should be ready in time for the Triwizard." Barty replied, focussing on inserting the ingredients as fast as he could so that the potion could get its final 4 hours of stewing over on moderate heat. *** Present In the form of Mikko Kodisoja, Barty entered the majestic school, with pretend awe and wonder, having read that Mikko himself, was home-schooled. Voldemort was hidden in his suitcase, having found a way to keep his aura completely blanketed by using the walls of the suitcase and lining them with magic-insulating materials. The suitcase itself was enlarged so that it was humungous. There were rooms inside the suitcase itself, so that VoldeBaby wouldn't be given away when Barty opened the suitcase lid, there was also another cell for the actual Mikko, so that Barty could keep taking his hairs. Barty had some magical setups to take care of VoldeBaby's basic needs, such as an automatic milk-bottle and auto-changing nappies. Only when they needed to converse, either for Voldemort's regular 7 pm report or just to inform Voldemort about a change in circumstances or success in a plan, would Barty have to enter the suitcase. In VoldeBaby's opinion, it was quite a fantastic idea and an easy way to hide from Dumbledore. Not to mention the comfort of the room that he had in the suitcase, when Barty had stolen it from a shop, he had stolen the best one possible and then charmed it to look old and fragile just so that eyes wouldn't be on him. *** Present, Events Chamber 3, Press Interview Some of the other reporters were also trying to get Harry to mess up and reveal information about how he entered. Creative ways to do such a thing included questions like, "How would one go about confounding a goblet of fire, please explain in detail" and "WHEN you confounded the goblet, what were you thinking?" and many other ways to get around the point. Harry himself was already tired of the press, especially since he was being focussed on but knew that this only the beginning. He would have to deal with a whole lot more than a small press release in the future, as the Triwizard tournament was only beginning, the event would be getting much bigger in scale. Sirius and Harry had practised how to answer questions and Arcturus had put in some valuable information. The trick was not to use unnecessary words or words that could be crafted in a negative connotation, thus Harry was very concise in his words, so that there were none that could be cut out for an incriminating quote. After the entire thing was over and done with, Harry was incredibly tired, annoyed and pissed, he ending up walking back to the common room with Hermione. *** End of Chapter
An: Sorry for the 2-month wait! I hope some of you are still reading this. I had to return my laptop about a month and a half ago so I've been laptop-less for a loooong time but I have a laptop now! Yay! Although now I don't even really remember what was happening in this story… *** Present For the following week, the Quidditch opening ceremony was highly anticipated. For the few classes before the event, even in the OWL and NEWT classes, there were very few students actually getting work done. Naturally, Harry and Hermione were two of the few people still working but Harry himself was really excited for the event. On a more annoying note, he still had no idea what the first task was. Bagman had simply said that it "tested their versatility and adapting to different tasks." He was planning on asking Dumbledore in their session that evening, knowing that the other competitors would be informed by their respective head-teachers. *** Evening Session w Dumbledore and Arcturus The intensity of their sessions had increased a couple notches. Harry had never noticed it in how easily he was beat, but Arcturus had been holding back on him in all their prior training. "You're part of the Triwizard tournament now, nobody will be holding back on you." Was Arcturus' short explanation. Harry's goal had changed from trying to get Arcturus on the back foot and was now simply trying to get even one shot in on the older man. Despite getting beaten even quicker than he usually did, Harry couldn't deny that he was improving quickly. Arcturus barely duelled with one of his hands, occasionally having to bring the other up to cast a wandless shield in case Harry managed to get a sneaky spell into Arcturus' defence. Harry's defence was improved significantly as well, despite being proficient with countering and defence, he hadn't had to defend even close to as much as Arcturus was shooting at him currently. The Black Lord was not reserved in his attack, all of his spells were non-lethal because they were practising, and this did restrict some of his more dangerous elemental magic as well, but Harry was barely capable of defending himself against Arcturus' barrage for a few minutes, let alone a proper duel. The Lord Black wasn't a showman, he did things quickly and efficiently. Arcturus' wand did not move any more than he needed it to, every swipe sending multiple spells flying at Harry and every flick creating a wave of water or air. With a deep grunt of defeat, Harry collapsed under the barrage of spells, getting thrown back into the cushioned wall. *** Quidditch Ceremony The tiresome Ludo Bagman was back to commentate for the opening ceremony of the Quidditch Opening Ceremony. Despite this, Harry couldn't help but be excited about the event, it would be the first professional Quidditch match that he would have seen. After all the Quidditch he played, his first Professional Quidditch match! After spouting about the Nimbus Broom Company for a good fifteen minutes, leaving Harry thoroughly tired with the shameless advertising happening in the tournament, Bagman moved on to talking about the teams playing. "FOR TODAY'S EXHIBITION MATCH, WE HAVE SOME OF THE GREATEST PLAYERS TO EVER GO PRO IN THE HISTORY OF QUIDDITCH HERE TODAY! OUR FIRST EXHIBITION TEAM IS CAPTAINED BY NONE OTHER THAN THE AMERICAN BEHEMOTH JEFFREY SMITHEREENS!" Said player streaked onto the Hogwarts Quidditch pitch, doing twirls even as he rose up to do a lap of the entire pitch, blazing past the stands of all four houses. Smithereens was really a 'Behemoth', he was 6'5 and strongly built, especially for a Keeper. "SMITHEREEN'S 7 ALSO INCLUDE BEATERS JOHNSTON AND JOHNSTON, CHASERS BALTIC, PAZZI AND GARCIA AAAAND SEEKER JAAASON ROY OF OUR VERY OWN ENGLISH QUIDDITCH TEAM!" The seven all circled the stadium to loud cheers among the packed crowd. "THEIR JOB WON'T BE A CAKEWALK THOUGH, BECAUSE HERE COME THEIR OPPONENTS, LED BY NEW ZEALAND SENSATION WILLIAMSON!" The New Zealander was the exact opposite of his American counterpart as captain, he was smaller, lithe and wiry and very close to his broom so as to reduce the air resistance. He circled the stadium then flew to the centre, flying up into the air then diving, pulling out at the last second to pull off a perfect Wronski feint in front of the audience that was going back over his performance. "ON WILLIAMSON'S TEAM IS KEEPER RODRIGUEZ, IRISH CHASERS MULLET, TROY AAAND MORAN! MAXWELL AND HEADINGWAY ARE BEATERS FOR THE SIDE!" Said players zoomed onto the field, dressed in blue as opposed to the red of Smithereen's 7. The two teams flew into starting formation and Madam Hooch released all of the balls, the snitch immediately zooming off into space, with Williamson and Roy both chasing after it. Harry noticed how much faster professional snitches were than the ones that Hogwarts used for their school matches. He could keep up with the tiny ball but he could only imagine the kind of skill needed to catch the tiny blighter. With his Omnioculars, Harry could see Roy's eyes moving hectically, tracking every move of the snitch, with his tongue out, concentrating on catching up to the tiny little ball. With a very sharp turn just before the goal posts, the snitch lost Roy, who nearly smashed into the large goalpost and had lost it by the time he looked around. Williamson on the other hand, kept on the tail of the tiny golden ball, showing his class with some vicarious flying, flying right through the chaser's formations, swerving right out of the way of a pass, and ignoring several budgets sent at him by the Johnston twins, who kept on his tail, knowing that the game would be over if he caught the snitch. Meanwhile, Pazzi and Garcia had completely run through the Irish chasers to score the first goal of the game. Pazzi jagged around the Irish players and threw a low pass to Garcia who dived to take it and threw it hard towards the right goal from an awkward position way below the goal posts which Rodriguez could only bop onto the post and back into the goal. Garcia did a quick lap of celebration before going back for the throw-off of the quaffle. Quickly Smithereen's 7 established a good lead of 110-20 points over their opponents, as Rodriguez proved unable to stop any of the opposition's attempts while Smithereen was a rock solid defence, only faltering to a truly amazing execution manoeuvre from the Irish chasers, who feinted twice to get the ball through the middle hoop. Despite this, Williamson was still on the chase of the snitch. Roy was trying to catch up to him but it seemed only a matter of time until Williamson caught the snitch and Smithereen's 7 knew that. Garcia sped through the opposition, swerving in many different directions and taking a hard throw to the left hoop, quickly lengthening the lead to 160-20, a full 140 points ahead of their opponents. Garcia zigzagged through Williamson's 7 but a well placed blunger threw him off his course. Desperately, he threw a looping high pass to Baltic who received it perfectly and just stilled for a second to take the shot, pulling his arm back for the throw and… "WILLIAMSON CATCHES THE SNITCH!" Bagman's excited voice filled the stadium. Baltic let out a scream of frustration, just one goal away from tying the game… "WILLIAMSON'S 7 WIN THE HOGWARTS EXHIBITION GAME OF '93 BY JUST 10 POINTS!" Bagman exclaimed. Williamson did a victory lap, ecstatic with the win. Meanwhile Bagman moved on to more random praising of the Nimbus company while the player's exited the field after one last victory lap for WIlliamson's team. *** The end An: Sorry again for the long delay.
An: I will try to be more regular with these chapters from now onwards but no promises. Also, thanks for 400 favourites! *** Present Dumbledore hadn't given Harry any hints as to what the first task held in store for the champions. Despite Harry's persistent requests, all Dumbledore said was that he was not allowed to tell because of the "rules of the tournament" "But all of the other head teachers will be telling their champions!" Harry said indignantly, "cheating is one of the biggest parts of the TriWizard tournament!" he quoted Bagman. Dumbledore fixed Harry with a serious gaze, "You entered this tournament willingly, now you need to fight it yourself, if you have to face Voldemort in the next war, you won't always have a tip on them, you need to fight this yourself." Harry looked to Arcturus for help but the Lord Black simply shook his head, "I know what the task is, kid, but I'm not going to tell you either, Albus is right, you'll need this experience, it'll teach you more than Albus or I could in 10 years." "But it's unfair that the other champions will receive the information immediately from their teachers." Harry replied. "Life isn't fair Harry, you need to know that." Arcturus replied, "but I'll give you a hint, usually, it's a good idea to research what has happened in the past to adjudge what could happen in the future." Despite some further grilling, that was the most that Harry managed to extract from the two wizened wizards. *** Library Harry had discussed Arcturus' words with Hermione who immediately decided that they should look up past tournaments in the library, in typical Hermione fashion. "There are records of every past tournament in TriWizard Tournaments, A History , and the Hogwarts library has at least a few copies!" Hermione had said to him, excitedly. Harry and Hermione trooped down to the library, which was mostly empty at the time, apart from a Slytherin girl who was sitting in an alcove in a corner and a handful of Ravenclaws who were on a different table, studying for Charms. Harry followed Hermione as they searched for a copy of the book, getting increasingly frustrated as they were unable to find one, no matter where they looked. Hermione went up to the librarian, Madam Pince and asked her to check whether they had any copies of the book in stock. Pince looked through some heavy stacks of parchment before finding the right one and flicking through to the right book. "No. All 21 copies have been leased out already to other students AND I'm not allowed to lease it out to any champions, Mr Potter so you're out of luck…" Pince looks over to Hermione, "And don't think about asking Ms Granger to lease out a copy for you either, you may read it in the library, but I'm not letting you lease out a copy of that book either." The two friends glumly walked away from Madam Pince's table. "How dare she withhold a book!" Hermione hissed. "It's out of stock anyway, I guess I'll have to owl-order it." Harry said. Just as they were about to walk out of the library, a voice stopped them. "Excuse me…" spoke a sly silken voice that made Harry feel slightly uneasy and on guard. "Yes?" Harry said, as he turned around. It was the Slytherin girl who was sitting in the alcove. She sat up and turned the book she was reading towards them. TriWizard Tournaments, A History. Hermione almost jumped in excitement and a bright smile spread across her face, "Ah! Yes it is! How did you know? Can we borrow it? Please!" Hermione said, firing multiple questions at the blonde. The Slytherin also gave a small smile, though Harry found it uncomfortably calculating for his liking, the girl wanted something for this. "Oh, I just overheard your conversation with Madam Pince, and I thought I could help you guys." She looked at Harry. "You are our school champion after all." "I don't think we've been introduced…" Harry trailed off. "Aah, sorry, entirely my fault, I'm Daphne Greengrass." "Harry Potter." "Hermione Granger" Hermione cut in, "It's good to meet you." "I doubt there's anyone in this school who doesn't know you two, the boy-who-lived and his best friend." "So, can we have the book?" Harry asked. "Sure, here it is." Daphne put the book down on a table and sat down. Harry realised what Daphne wanted in exchange for the book, she wanted to be there. Hermione didn't seem to have gotten that yet, "Umm, could we read alone?" Daphne raised a delicate eyebrow. "It's fine Hermione, it's her book after all." was all that Harry said, before taking a seat on the table and turning the book towards himself and beginning to read. Hermione sat down too, having also arrived at the same conclusion that Harry did. "The first task usually involved a fight with a magical creature to test versatility and adaptability to a surprise situation." Daphne filled in, as if she knew exactly what they were looking for. "The creature is usually a large, lethal and fearsome one, in past years, they have brought dragons, black phoenixes and even lethifolds." Daphne elaborated, "Usually, they bring a creature with great physical strength and maybe a few magical abilities to add to their physical might, and have the task be to retrieve an item from the creature." Harry hmmed thoughtfully, "So the best technique for that kind of task would be to get around the the big bad without actually having to battle it with a serious disadvantage. Perhaps a disillusioning spell could be useful." "But the creature could have heightened smell or hearing, like a dragon. Perhaps your invisibility cloak?" Hermione pointed out, giving away a large piece of information to Daphne. Harry almost grimaced, knowing that Hermione had just given away one of his most advantageous secrets to someone who could possibly be spying for Voldemort. He would have to confront her to see who she was working for. She was a Greengrass, a largely neutral family who didn't support either side in the previous war, choosing to flee to the Americas where they successfully hid from view of the Dark Lord for over 7 years until his demise, at which point, they returned to the UK and continued to live seamlessly from where they had left off, never talking of what they had done in their extended trip abroad. They generally worked for themselves only and were generally unlikely to put their neck on the line for a Psychopath like Voldemort, but Harry would choose to err on the side of caution rather than letting the blonde potentially inform Voldemort of his invisibility cloak. Now, the only problem was actually getting her to tell the truth. He knew she had occlumency shields from a light scan of her mind, and he wouldn't be able to enter without trying to wrench control from her, and legilimency wasn't his best field even against an inexperienced occlumens. He was unlikely to get his hands on Veritaserum anytime soon, and there was too much risk in waiting the few months required to brew the potion… Harry groaned in frustration. He was going to have to keep a close eye on Daphne Greengrass. *** End of Chapter An: Just realised that this chapter will also break 50k words on this story. wOw. Px5 out.
An: A review made me realise that I haven't gone into enough background for Barty's situation, so here's another VoldeBaby chapter to fill in some gaps. It isn't necessary to read this, so if you don't wanna, then just know that Crouch found VoldeBaby. End of chapter. *** A few months prior to present, Crouch Manor Bartemius Crouch Sr was reading over some important documents for the Ministry while contemplating his son, Barty Crouch Jr. He had his son imprisoned under the Imperius curse which had worked now for years on end without a single fightback from Barty Jr but in the last month alone, Jr had almost escaped 7 times, when he emanated a magical pulse which nearly wrenched control back from him. Fortunately for Barty Sr, he had managed to keep control and Jr seemed to be back under the trance doubly as strong now, seeming even weaker than he had before. Barty hypothesised that Jr had used up all of his magical energy in the final pulse of magic and was now suffering from magical exhaustion. Now, he had to get back to his paperwork. Ludo Bagman was up to some more of his usual foolery, he was trying to organise a revival of the long dead TriWizard tournament between Hogwarts, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. Despite Dumbledore seemingly not opposing Bagman like he had expected and the large influential figure of the Lord Black backing him, it was unlikely that Bagman would pass any health and safety guidelines from The Department of Health and Safety, nor would he cooperate with Bagman to coordinate Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. Even after all that, Bagman would have to get multiple sponsors to fund his effort, because the ministry sure as hell didn't have the budget to host such a tournament, what with the exorbitant amounts funnelled into the salaries of the top 10 employees and into the corruption. Barty Sr read over the proposal in its entirety before beginning to script a letter of denial from his department, stating that he was unwilling to help participate in the creation of the tournament. Just as he was signing off his name at the bottom of the letter, he sensed a spell coming at him from behind and flung himself out of his chair, just in time to watch the classic Avada Kedavra green smash his chair into smithereens. Barty Crouch Jr cursed filthily and threw another killing curse with his father's wand that he had picked up from the side-table. Barty Sr ducked then rolled to the side, trying to get close to Jr. Barty Sr swept Jr's legs from out under him then ran to his drawer and took out his spare wand, just in time to deflect a nasty looking red curse back at Jr. Sr responded with a quick spell-chain then followed it up with a stream of fire, he wasn't the ex-Head of Department of the MLE for nothing after all. He could even give Amelia Bones a run for her money. Jr was also a competent dueller, flicking the spell-chain away then countering the fire by blowing it back at Sr with a well placed gust of wind. Sr initiated the alarm spell that all Ministry employees knew, making an immediate summons to the Auror office to his immediate location as backup. Jr berated himself for letting his father use the alarm and pressed his advantage by shooting a surprise Imperio at his father. Without much time to react and being unable to stop the spell with a shield, Barty Sr attempted to fall backwards and avoid the spell, managing that successfully but ending up in a horrible position to try and protect himself from the follow-up Imperio curse from Jr. Despite his best attempt, he was taken by the relaxing enchantment of the Imperius curse. When the Aurors arrived, the Head of Department Amelia Bones ready to fight , he turned them away saying it was a false alarm despite his outlaw son standing behind him under a simple invisibility spell. Amelia Bones smelt something off about the entire situation, Barty wasn't one to raise a false alarm, he wasn't easily spooked and believed himself capable of handling most situations on his own terms, only if he had serious reason to believe his life was in danger, would he call the Aurors for help, which is the reason she herself went with her top squad. "Very well then Barty, you wouldn't mind me doing a quick sweep of your house, right?" Amelia asked. "I would rather you not." Barty Sr said coldly, before slamming the door on Amelia, but not before Bones had snuck an identity confirmation spell onto Barty, identifying him to be himself and not an imposter under the Polyjuice potion, or even glamours. Back in Barty's house, he was writing a different letter, one claiming he was all for the TriWizard tournament, and he would ensure that it happened. He then wrote another letter to his old friend Adam in the Health and Safety department, asking him to pass the TriWizard tournament through the system, assuring him that he would take care of the entire thing. He wrote yet another letter to the CEO of Nimbus Brooms, another man who he had worked with in the past, and requested him to sponsor the TriWizard tournament. Behind him, Barty Jr grinned maniacally, he would get that Potter boy, no matter what, but meanwhile he had another more important mission. He had to find his master. *** A month later Barty Jr had been in regular contact with his father, getting him to follow up on the tournament, getting it fast-tracked through the system, almost a full year earlier than it would have been under any other circumstances, the tournament was preponed to the '93 school year instead of '94, and Dumbledore was very willing to host it, going so far as to get the wizened Wanamaker Ollivander on board as a sponsor as well. Meanwhile, Barty Jr had travelled all over the world, following every lead to his master, but being so far unsuccessful. However, this lead to the forests of Albania seemed to be pretty warm. ~Who goes there?~ Barty heard a hiss behind him, recognising the language as parceltongue, he allowed himself hope, hope that his master was alive. Hope, that his master would return. "It is me, my Lord, your faithful servant Barty Crouch Jr." Barty said, kneeling to the ground. A large deadly viper came up to him and spoke in English, "Very well, Barty, we have much to do, much to do indeed…" *** End of Chapter
An: I have no excuse. *** Present, with Daphne Greengrass Damn! Granger had revealed a lot more than Daphne thought she would. It was obvious that Potter knew immediately how big of a secret his best friend had given away so easily. She even caught the boy using legilimency to scan her mind, an ability than she was surprised he even knew about, let alone could use proficiently, though not proficiently enough to avoid detection by her. The more Daphne found out about the Potter boy, the more of an enigma he seemed to be. Obviously he was a good dueler, having won the under-18 dueling cup, at least a match for her if not even better, there were some strong duelers around the world after all. On top of that, he seemed to have some ability in legilimency and an invisibility cloak, which would make him a great spy if he wanted to be, not to mention he was picked as the TriWizard Champion from the entirety of Hogwarts, beating out Diggory and all of the other strong witches and wizards from the entire school, though to be fair, many of the strongest from Slytherin chose not to enter. Potter was definitely going to be much more than a pawn in the upcoming war between the Dark and the Light, and there would be a war, she was sure of that. The current Lord Greengrass, Daphne's father Iliad was deeply involved in several rituals through which he had divined that The Dark was spreading into Earth at an alarmingly fast rate. At this point, Voldemort was nothing more than a pawn being manipulated by the immense power of The Darkness. Without the power and support granted to the supposed Dark 'Lord' by The Darkness, there would be next to no chance of him attempting another successful rising but he was out there, the body of the Dark Lord stored in a literal shell of darkness. The Greengrass family was staunchly neutral, and they would never stand underneath that fool Dumbledore or even the more cunning Lord Black but in this case, there was too much Darkness entering the world, at this rate, the entire world would be overcome by its power. Even 1% of the being could be dangerous for the world, but estimates showed the Darkness to be near 10%! With that much power, the entire world could be crushed under the boot of the Darkness, leading to another 'Dark Age' unless the light side fought back, and at the moment, even with the power of Harry Potter, Daphne wasn't sure they were strong enough to beat back the Darkness on their own. They would need the help of at least one more powerful ally. If they didn't find one fast, it was looking more and more like that ally would be the Greengrasses. With all of this in mind, Daphne opened her hand-mirror, in the safety of her dorm and whispered her father's name. "Iliad Greengrass." The surface of the mirror distorted for a few seconds, and Daphne's face disappeared, to be replaced with the rather severe face of her father. Iliad Greengrass was still in his 40s but you could mistake him for an older man. He was very tall and thin, standing at 6 feet exactly. The hair on his head was a dark grey and his wrinkles were easily visibleand his lighter grey eyes glinted with untold wisdom behind his glasses. "Daphne." Iliad acknowledged. "Father." "So what news do you bring, how prepared is the Potter boy." "His full fighting strength is still unknown but he has shown strong demonstrations in the Under-18 dueling cup and in simply getting selected as champion of Hogwarts. He is undoubtedly a strong student in every subject." Daphne started. "You know that I know all this Daphne, do you have any real report." "After offering Granger and Potter my copy of 'TriWizard Tournaments, A History', I sat in on their strategizing, and found out that Potter has an invisibility cloak, which was let slip by Granger. While she seemed oblivious of the information she was leaking and was completely off-guard, Potter realized from the very start that I was information gathering, and he was careful not to reveal any important information to me. However, he did scan the top of my mind lightly using legilimency, most likely assuming I would not be able to feel it. At the same time, my own legilimency was easily blocked by Potter's Occlumency shields." Daphne reported. "Legilimency and Occlumency! It seems Dumbledore has been teaching Potter more than we anticipated…" "After a little snooping, I have found that both Potter and Granger have training lessons with Dumbledore and Black." Daphne confirmed. Iliad seemed to zone out, which Daphne knew from experience knew meant that he was thinking deeply. "So that is Arcturus' plan. I was wondering what a man like him was doing teaching at a school." Daphne raised an eyebrow politely. Iliad looked at his daughter, "I've met Arcturus Black several times, he is one of the least likely men in the world to simply decide to settle down and start teaching. He is a General, he was in the war with Grindelwald and the first war with Voldemort. He may be a cunning politician but he was a fish out of water in the time between the wars…there is no way that he of all people could settle for simply teaching children as his profession." He explained. "He seems happy enough where he is." Daphne supplied, "I have been watching him since I learned that he had been brought by Dumbledore to tutor Potter but he seems to be fitting into his role of teacher very well, unlike Quirrel when he was posing as a teacher." "Arcturus Black is one of the most dangerous men in the world not only because of his immense strength but his incredible intellect, not even you, my daughter, could find a break in his act, if he chose to be a teacher at a school." Iliad said, "In any case, I have a lot to think about, keep information gathering on Potter and report in one week's time what you have learnt." Daphne nodded, "Yes father." *** End of Chapter
*** Present, with Harry and Hermione Harry seemed to be completely calm as he walked away with Hermione from the library, but Hermione knew something was troubling her best friend. As they turned the corner and were safely out of Daphne Greengrass' earshot, Harry whispered to Hermione, "Do you know what you just did!" The bushy-haired girl looked mildly confused, "Huh?" "Hermione, Daphne Greengrass was obviously gathering information on me." Harry said back. "What makes it obvious?" "She's a Greengrass, and there's no way she would have just given us the book and not at least tried to gain some information. Hell, the entire thing might have been staged from the start to make us come to her." Hermione's mouth opened and closed wordlessly, "So what did I- The Invisibility cloak!" she caught on to it immediately. "Exactly, the most dangerous thing about her is that we don't know whose side she's on. The Greengrasses are one of the most notoriously neutral families in the wars between the dark and the light but on a purely business level, this information could be very valuable for Voldemort." Harry hissed back. "Have you tried legilimency?" "I did, her shields are too good for me to probe without her at least finding me out, and most likely repelling the attack. I scanned the top of her mind a few times in our talk." "While I was thinking strategy, you two were on a completely different plane…" Hermione mumbled. "Yeah, and you need to get on it too Hermione." Harry said, "You need to be able to see under the surface or at least not blabber out important secrets like that! Especially to Greengrass, her entire family is the perfect embodiment of Slytherins!" Hurt shone in Hermione's eyes briefly. "Hermione, I trust you completely, but you need to be careful. My invisibility cloak is a surprise factor that we may have possibly lost but it isn't the end of the world, but the next thing you let slip might be, anyway we need to consult Arcturus on this, he'll know what to do." Harry spoke, his hard tone softening. Hermione nodded shakily. *** With Arcturus, later "So Greengrass is spying on you…" Arcturus mused. Harry nodded. "With The Darkness on the rise, it is unlikely that the Greengrasses will be willing to tip the favor any more towards the dark side than it already is, but it would still be safest to make sure where their allegiances lie…" Arcturus mused. "What does the rising of The Darkness have anything to do with the Greengrasses allegiance?" Harry asked curiously. "The Greengrasses are a neutral family. That isn't just a political agenda, they work to make sure that balance is maintained in the world. They don't usually take sides as The Darkness is usually pushed back and there is equality in the world, but the power of their family would indeed be useful in the war which is to come." Arcturus said. "So you want me to confront the Greengrass girl?" Harry asked. Arcturus got up out of his chair, "No, I will handle Daphne Greengrass." *** Later Daphne entered the office of her defense professor warily, her hand gripping her wand. Professor Black had summoned her to his room this evening on 'academic business' which he wanted to discuss with her. 'Bullshit' her mind told her. And bullshit it was. "You're here, Greengrass." Daphne heard a cold voice say. The office chair which had been facing the other way spun around to reveal Arcturus Black sitting in it. His gaze was unsettling like her father's could be but with the wisdom and weight of his age behind it as well. The door behind her slammed shut and suddenly Black didn't seem as weak as she had deemed him. Gone was the stern unyielding professor. In his place, was a frighteningly strong General, radiating power off himself in waves. "You have been spying on Harry Potter." He stated, "For how long?" "3 weeks." She answered truthfully. "You know a few things no doubt…" Arcturus said, his voice darkening. Daphne paled, this was looking more and more like it would devolve into violence, and there was no way in hell she could hope to match the power radiating from the old man in front of her. "Indeed." "Your father is Iliad Greengrass, correct?" Arcturus said, seemingly off topic. "Yes." Daphne replied carefully. "He is a smart man. Tell him, The Darkness is rising." Arcturus said. Daphne sighed an internal sigh of relief, it looked like there would be no fighting, thank the gods. "He already knows." Daphne replied. "So what does he intend to do." "Wait, wait and see." "The Greengrass way" Arcturus smiled wryly, "Let your father I will be dropping by on Saturday, he should be home." With that, the door behind Daphne swung open, letting in a lot of light into the room which seemed to have darkened. As quickly as she could without giving away her fear too obviously, Daphne got up and fled the room, getting as far away from the Defense Professor as possible. When she was back in her dorm, she took out her mirror first thing. "Iliad Greengrass." The mirror showed her her father. "Daphne, to what do I owe this surprise, you don't have a report due for almost a week." Iliad said cheerfully, more so than he usually was when he talked business. "Arcturus Black spoke to me." Immediately, Iliad was serious, like the cheer was a mirage, disappearing in a single second. "What did he say." Iliad all but demanded of his daughter. "He is coming to meet you on Saturday." Daphne said. "Tomorrow…well it looks like it's time to get some answers." Iliad replied. *** Next day, Greengrass Manor The Lord Black strode up to the front door of Greengrass manor, known for its large sweeping fields of, what else, green grass. He knocked smartly on the door of the large mansion, which, despite its size, was still not close to the size of Black Manor." The door was opened by a house elf, "Who is it!" the house elf squeaked out. "Tell Lord Greengrass that Arcturus Black is here to see him." The elf nodded and returned within a second before beckoning to Arcturus, "Come." It spoke. Arcturus simply nodded and followed it to the (or at least one of the) sitting rooms where Iliad was seated. The Lord Greengrass rose to meet Arcturus. The two men shook hands. "Arcturus." "Iliad." *** End of Chapter
*** Present The door to Greengrass Manor was opened by a house elf. "Who is it!" the house elf squeaked out. "Tell Lord Greengrass that Arcturus Black is here to see him." Arcturus stated The elf nodded and returned within a second before beckoning to Arcturus, "Come." It spoke. Arcturus simply nodded and followed it to the (or at least one of the) sitting rooms where Iliad was seated. The Lord Greengrass rose to meet Arcturus. The two men shook hands. "Arcturus." "Iliad." "Would you like a cup of tea?" the Lord Greengrass asked. "Yes please." Arcturus said tightly, his face not betraying any emotion to the younger man. Iliad clicked his fingers and the house elf popped into the room. "Pringle, get the guest and I some tea." He commanded. With a squeak of agreement, the house-elf now identified as Pringle popped away only to appear a second later with two pots of tea. "Thank you Pringle, please continue cleaning the house." Iliad commanded before turning to his guest. "I assume you are here to discuss our allegiance." "That and a few…other things." Arcturus said. "Other things?" Iliad raised a singular eyebrow. "Like why your daughter is spying on Harry Potter or more accurately, why do you need information on Potter." Iliad considered lying but the sharp eyes of Arcturus were trained on his own, daring him to try. "I had to know if the light side was competent enough to fight back in the upcoming war." Iliad admitted, "You're not only fighting Voldemort, but also The Darkness. Enough of it was entered this world to be mildly sentient." As expected, there was no surprise in Arcturus' expression, either he knew of the return of the Darkness, which Iliad was almost positive he did, or he was just pretending really well. "And, do you find Potter to be strong enough?" Arcturus asked, his voice not betraying his curiosity, Iliad was a very astute man, his thoughts on the subject were important. "He is certainly very intelligent and far more accomplished than I expected of a champion of Dumbledore…" Iliad began. "But you don't think he is enough?" Arcturus enquired. "Maybe with another few years of training, he could be strong enough to defeat Voldemort on his own, but The Darkness will only grow, and nothing less than Merlin can defeat the entirety of the Darkness." Iliad said sadly. "So, will you side with the light side then?" Arcturus asked, cutting to the chase. Iliad gave the Lord Black a long hard stare, "We are a neutral family…" "But the neutrality of the world will be in danger if The Darkness takes over completely." Arcturus pointed out. Iliad nodded grudgingly, "Yes, if required, The Greengrass family will side with the light…on one condition." Arcturus was immediately on guard, the Greengrass family was very sneaky, "And what is that?" "The next generation will be instrumental in this war. If the Greengrass family is to fight, then Daphne will definitely end up being heavily involved in this war… I want Daphne to join whatever training Potter and his muggleborn friend are undertaking." Iliad said determinedly, "Without that, we will not interfere in this war." "That is easily done, tell your daughter to meet us at the Room of Requirement at 8 AM tomorrow morning." Arcturus said. "Very well, the Greengrass Family will join the light side for the upcoming war against The Darkness." Iliad said, and his family ring shone, as his family magic accepted the decision of its head of house. Arcturus smiled wryly, "Very good, I will keep you informed of all progressions through your daughter." Iliad nodded his consent. Arcturus picked up his undrunk cup of tea and sniffed it. "Veritaserum." He said simply as he got up and strode out of the house. "I had to try." Iliad smirked. *** Next Day, 8:00 AM "We have one more person joining us for training." Dumbledore said, his eyes twinkling with mirth like they always did when he knew something they didn't. "And who is that?" Harry said curiously. "Me." A voice said from behind him. Harry turned around to see Arcturus standing with none other than Daphne Greengrass. "Greengrass." Harry breathed out. "It appears that my father has made a deal, that I receive training with you, and in exchange, the Greengrass family will fight with the light side." Daphne said lightly, smirking at Harry and turning to Hermione. "Granger, you need to be careful, I'm on your side now, but I'm far from the only student here at Hogwarts, waiting for you to slip a morsel of information." Daphne said. Hermione blushed, "Yeah…" she agreed. Arcturus cleared his throat, "Let's start with the usual warm-ups." "Actually, before we start training, I want to fight Potter to see how good he is." Daphne said. Arcturus looked at the girl calculatingly, she was obviously trying to gauge his strength, but Iliad was a man of his word, despite his slipperiness, so there was really no harm in it. "I see no problem with that." Just as Arcturus agreed, Daphne shot a spell-chain at Harry, quick as a snake. Harry just about managed to blink before bringing up his wand to flick the attacks out of the way. Daphne smirked before raising the ante, but Harry seemed to be able to counter everything she threw at him. "Strong basic defence." She noted out loud, before spinning around, wand in hand, gathering the winds in a trick her father had taught her before flinging it at Harry, forming a mini tornado which swept towards the young Potter. Harry sliced straight through the tornado with his wand, ducking out of the way of the spells that immediately followed the tornado. "Nice trick." Harry grinned back before taking the attack to his opponent, sending waves of air and water at Daphen which she was hard-pressed to defend, waving her wand all over the place to counter the elemental attacks. Daphne cursed, he had seemed very much at ease when they were exchanging spells but there was some semblance of equality in their skill even if he was more powerful. In elemental magic, he was easily overpowering her with just simple attacks despite her best efforts to defend. Harry ended the fight with a giant eagle made entirely from water and sent it rushing at Daphne who tried in vain to lift a gust of wind strong enough to fight back the attack but only slowing down its crash into her. Daphne crashed into the wall, clearly overpowered by Harry and before she could return to her feet, a stunning spell crashed into her and she slid to the ground, defeated. Harry grinned, "I win." Arcturus revived the heir Greengrass who smiled slightly. *** End of Chapter
*** Later "ARE YOU READY FOR THE FIRST TASK OF THE ONE, THE ONLY, TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT!" Ludo Bagman yelled out at the top of his magically magnified voice. The deafening cheer that returned was definitely sufficient evidence of the audience's excitement. Everyone had been seated in the Quidditch stadium which had been magically modified to have a large protective dome in the middle for the contestants to fight within. Not only had students been allowed to witness the event, tickets had also been sold for others to come and watch the event. The ticket sales were record-breaking for any non-World Cup event, even outstripping the pretty good turnouts for the British and Irish Quidditch League which had taken place earlier that year, making it the biggest European sporting event of the year. "THE FIRST TASK WILL TEST THE BRAVERY AND METTLE OF OUR CHAMPIONS! THEY WILL HAVE TO PICK A GOLDEN EGG FROM THE NEST OF A MOTHER DRAGON!" Once more, the cheers went through the roof. Both Fleur and Krum seemed to have known about the dragons beforehand but it was certainly a surprise to Harry, although thankfully, he and Hermione had discussed contingency plans for all of the major creatures including dragons. The conjunctivitis curse was most likely to be effective when facing a dragon, but even a blind dragon could be dangerous, so he would have to be on guard. "NOW, OUR CONTESTANTS MUST PICK THEIR DRAGONS! LET'S HAVE MS FLEUR DELACOUR UP HERE NOW, LADIES FIRST AFTER ALL!" Fleur went up to Bagman's podium and picked a miniature dragon model out of a bag, getting the Welsh Green. Krum also went up and got a Swedish Shortsnout. "AND NOW, FOR OUR YOUNGEST CHAMPION…HARRY POTTER!" Harry went up, the picture of calm collectedness and picked his own dragon out of the bag. "AND HARRY POTTER HAD DRAWN THE MOST FEROCIOUS OF THEM ALL! THE HUNGARIAN HORNTAIL!" Shit. Harry went up to the stands to sit with Hermione to watch the first two contestants go their turns. Fleur's plan seemed to be to try and enchant the dragon to sleep with her veela magic but it only slightly worked, apparently veela magic was most effective on humans and her aura only managed to make the dragon mildly sleepy and blink a few times. She tried to use this to her advantage and ran quickly in a bid to get the egg before the dragon realized what she was doing, hoping her magic would slow it down enough for her to do so in time. Unfortunately for Fleur, it wasn't, the dragon blinked off any effect of her magic when it saw its precious eggs in danger and roared loudly, breathing fire at Fleur lightly. Angered by the dragon, Fleur turned to her veela form and fought the dragon head on. Her veela form turned her to a large strong and scaly being with wings, allowing her to fly as well, and shoot fireballs at the dragon, taking it head on, which impressed Harry, veelas were far stronger than he had imagined. When she had been fighting the dragon for almost a minute, her brain kicked in again, and she threw a few balls of fire, using the distraction to fly over the dragon to its eggs and taking the golden one just in time to avoid being roasted, as the golden egg was a portkey that teleported her to Bagman's podium. For her performance, she got 42 points, getting points taking off for her injuries sustained from the dragon, which were several cuts and bruises as well as some burns which were fading very quickly due to her veela heritage. Victor's plan seemed to be similar to Harry's. After a few tries and a few dodges from the dragon's claws and tail, which tended to whip forward to try and strike Krum, he managed to get a conjunctivitis spell into both its eyes. While he was trying to get to the egg, the dragon's tail smashed him into a rock. Krum was covered in scratches and bruises but he managed to stumble to the egg. He got awarded 40 points, losing out because of his injuries. Harry prepared himself mentally for facing a Hungarian Horntail. With a deep breath, he walked into the protective bubble, which could only be entered from the outside but required contestants to teleport out from the inside with the portkey to exit. The horntail was extremely aggressive, shooting flames at Harry before he could even react otherwise. Harry's reflex saved him, as he quickly managed to summon a wave of water through elemental magic, to counter the fire. Harry vanished the smoke and shot off a conjunctivitis curse, before ducking to avoid the tail which had come around to smack him like the Shortsnout had done to Krum, except the Horntail's tail had…well horns which would have likely maimed Harry at the very least. The Horntail had sharp reflexes and managed to dodge the conjunctivitis curse, moving extremely quickly for such a large being. The dragon rose from its nest and let out a long primal roar. Harry cursed and began shooting off more conjunctivitis curses as he quickly moved to keep avoiding the bursts of flame that emitted from the mouth of the dragon. With a flick of the wrist, he sent a large tidal wave of water at the dragon, the sheer power of it pushing the dragon off to the left. Harry used the opening to his advantage, running towards the golden egg. The dragon roared and its tail came up to smack him. In order to protect himself, Harry conjured a quick brick wall to get in the way of the tail. The wall crumbled to bits within seconds, the large gashes in it representing what would happen to Harry if he was unfortunate enough to be hit by it. The Horntail had come to its senses and was about to belch more fire at him but he had no time to move anywhere and standing his ground and countering with elemental magic would be even more taxing on his magic which he had all but depleted already. With an additional spurt of speed, Harry's finger grasped the golden egg and he portkeyed out of the arena… Into a cemetery in Little Hangleton. *** End of chapter An: Dun dun dun! Fav, follow, review, do stuff, I hope you enjoyed.
An: I've been wondering how long I should make you suffer with this cliffie… let's see how long I can hold this chapter off on you guys. *** Present The Horntail had come to its senses and was about to belch more fire at Harry but he had no time to move anywhere and standing his ground and countering with elemental magic would be even more taxing on his magic which he had all but depleted already. With an additional spurt of speed, Harry's finger grasped the golden egg and he portkeyed out of the arena… Into a cemetery in Little Hangleton. Harry came to his senses just in time to block a spell from a shadowy figure. More spells were shot at him but he was able to just about push them away from himself and return fire, despite having very little of his magical reserves available due to the large amount of magic he had expended during the fight against the dragon. Harry created a phoenix of fire and sent it at his opponent, attacking him and hoping to identify him as well, killing two birds with one stone. It was… The chess guy? Indeed, it seemed to be the representative of the ICW's chess organization who had attacked him. The man hadn't seemed too intimidating when he'd met Harry at Hogwarts but… he still didn't seem intimidating even when attacking Harry with strength and skill he hadn't expected of the man. The man quickly and efficiently tore through the attack of fire with a blade of air. Harry cursed and replied with more regular spells, he didn't have enough magic left to keep sending elemental magic at his opponent. Suddenly, Harry's opponent began to transform. "Polyjuice Potion." Harry realized, before quickly trying to capitalize on the transformation and overpower whoever he was fighting before he/she returned to their senses. Unfortunately for Harry, his opponent was able to set up a powerful shield to block all of Harry's spells while he recovered from the sudden transformation. Harry ran at him, unsheathing The Sword of Potter and cutting through the shield, causing his opponent to roll out of the way and return more spells. Harry looked over to see who his opponent really was. Barty Crouch Jr! But he was supposed to be... well, dead. Crouch grinned and flicked his wand, sending a wave of water at Harry who froze it into ice before it could hit him. Crouch caused the ice to shatter and sent the shards hurtling at Harry once more. With a gust of fire, all of the ice was turned to steam in a second. Harry panted with the exertion as Crouch sent a gust of wind, which he turned around and returned at his opponent. Crouch had obviously noticed how little magic Harry had left and was using elemental magic to wear out Harry as quickly as possible. Harry returned an onslaught of spells which Barty was barely able to counter, then moved in to strike with his sword, only to be blown off his feet by a quick wall of wind. Harry rolled out of the way of a fireball and fought off a wall of water with a wall of fire. Barty continued to funnel magic into his wall of water and Harry was forced to continue to funnel his magic into the fire in an attempt to protect himself. Crouch grinned, as he increased the level of power in the water by a notch and Harry grunted as he fell to one knee, his vision going slightly blurry around the edges. He realised there was no way he could keep it up while Barty had all his magical reserves remaining. Harry ran behind a tombstone before letting go of his control of the fire, letting the wall of water barrel into nothing. "You can't hide forever Potter." Crouch taunted. Harry knew that continuing the fight would be his worst possible option right now, he had to get back to Hogwarts… The portkey! "Accio Portkey." Harry whispered out but the golden egg didn't budge. Harry had faith in his magic enough to know that the egg must have an anti-summoning spell, probably to avoid cheating in the TriWizard tournament and just end the thing before you fought the dragon. Harry cursed and ran out from behind the tombstone and began firing spells at Barty to distract him while he made a run for the cup. Realising what he was going to do, Barty turned the dagger he was going to use to cut his arm off into a portkey that would transport Harry back and threw it at Harry. Despite his best attempt at dodging, Harry was struck in the shoulder, but managed to yank out the thing before it activated and brought him directly in front of Barty and away from the portkey. Despite the pain in his shoulder, Harry gritted his teeth and grabbed hold of the golden egg, and he was yanked away from the graveyard and back to Hogwarts Barty let out a roar of frustration, his master wouldn't be revived after all. Barty picked up the knife angrily, considering just killing himself for his failure as he knew his master would have. Before he dug the knife into his heart, he noticed a tinge of red on the blade. Blood. Harry Potter's blood. A large predatory smile spread out across Barty's face, that would worry any Child Protection Agency who knew he was thinking about the blood of a 13-year-old. "Blood of the enemy forcibly taken…" With a maniacal laugh, Barty began the ritual that would ultimately bring his master back to life. He conjured up another knife to cut his arm off, making a fatal mistake with that. You see, conjured knifes were made out of nothing therefore absorbed some of the magical properties of blood, whereas transmuted knifes, such as the one that Voldemort had painstakingly transmuted, which had taken Harry's blood, would work just fine. As he finished the ritual by dropping Harry's almost congealed blood into the cauldron, smoke began to rise. Voldemort began to step out of the cauldron, but his skin was burning red and he dropped to the ground immediately as he stepped out of the cauldron. He began to have a seizure on the ground. "Crouch, you fool!" he spat out, as blood began to leak from his nose and mouth. "M-master." Barty stammered out. Suddenly tendrils of darkness grabbed onto Voldemort and pinned him to the ground. "Ah Tom…" a voice said sadly, "I had such…high hopes for you." Voldemort struggled against his bindings, "Who dares restrain the Lord Voldemort." He rasped out. "One much more powerful than you… one whose power you have used freely over the last few decades." Voldemort's eyes darkened, "You are a manifestation of my magic! My books have mentioned that my magic can take on a manifestation if I truly embrace the dark arts…" The voice laughed, "That is…one way of putting it." "Help me, my magic, I command you." Voldemort gasped out. "Very well then, I shall help you." The voice spoke. Suddenly the darkness merged into Voldemort and he let out a loud scream. "My Lord!" Barty yelled out in worry. Voldemort rose, his skin now white as bone, clothed in a robe of darkness, similar to how he was before his fall… except for one major difference. "Master, yo-your eyes!" Barty exclaimed. Voldemort's pitch black eyes locked onto Barty's and his black lips twisted into a smile as he waved his hand, materialising a hand of darkness for Barty. As he made the hand, Barty could have sworn his veins glowed dark black for a singular second. "You have done well, Bartemius." Voldemort spoke, his voice smooth as silk and no longer raspy. "B-but I let the Potter boy go!" Barty said. "It matters not…we will get him eventually, now is a time to celebrate my return." Voldemort smiled, before his veins glowed black once and suddenly Barty felt his dark mark burning. "Let's see how many of my faithful followers have stuck by me…" *** End of chapter
An: PLEASE GO CHECK OUT MY NEW BATMAN/HARRY POTTER CROSSOVER "THE HOGWARTS BAT" An2: I hope you enjoy *** Hogwarts, present The moment Harry Potter disappeared from the stadium and didn't appear at the podium, all hell broke loose. All the reporters stood up in what seemed to be almost a synchronized fashion and began babbling, and the students of Hogwarts all began shouting at the top of their voices. Arcturus was about to sonorus his voice and bring the hall to attention but before he could, Dumbledore stood up. "SILENCEEEEEEE!" Dumbledore roared over the tremendous volume of the crowds. In that moment, Arcturus was reminded what made Dumbledore such an impressive wizard. He didn't usually show it, but he had the ability to be one of the most commanding presences on the face of the earth. All of the hundreds of people present immediately quietened down and looked at Dumbledore who was literally radiating power. "It is obvious someone has rigged the golden egg, it is hard to tell who, as many people had access to it, the most important thing here is to track the portkey spell so that we can find Harry and help him, as there is no doubt some former follower of Lord Voldemort is to blame for this." Dumbledore said, not mentioning that he believed it was Voldemort himself, or even worse, The Darkness. Arcturus nodded, "Filius, Minerva, Professor Babbling, please follow Albus and me to my office." With that, they were off, Dumbledore already feeling into the magicks of Hogwarts to try and find the magical signature of the portkey. Dumbledore and co spent almost fifteen minutes to half an hour figuring out the location to which the portkey had taken Harry. Suddenly, Sprout burst into the room, "Albus, Harry Potter has returned!" Dumbledore sprung to attention, "All of you, come with me, Pomona, bring Poppy, he may need medical attention." "She's already there." Sprout said, and followed them, as Dumbledore strode surprisingly fast for such an old man. *** With Hermione Hermione was worried sick when Harry disappeared from the ring. She was about to approach Professor Dumbledore but Daphne shot her a look that very clearly told her to keep sitting down. The moment Harry reappeared, Hermione sprang to her feet and sprinted over to her best friend who had staggered a bit and collapsed to the ground, with blood streaming from his shoulder. "HARRY!" Hermione called out for her friend. "H-Hermione…" Harry said weakly. The Minister who had been called in the middle of all the mayhem, along with the Head of the DMLE stepped up. "What kind of prank is this, Potter!" Fudge blustered, likely on the suggestion of Lucius Malfoy. "Minister! This is clearly no prank, the boy is injured, someone call the nurse, she should be over in that tent, treating the other champions." Madame Bones barked out. Two of her aurors nodded and ran to the tent that was standing in as the infirmary. Both the aurors started blubbering loudly. "What seems to be the issue, is Potter back?" Pomfrey asked. The aurors indicated that Potter was back, and Pomfrey ran out of the tent to go tend to the boy. "Always getting in trouble…" Pomfrey muttered as she quickly patched up Harry's shoulder with some bandages to stop the bleeding after flicking her wand over the wound. "The injury was inflicted by an alchemically transmuted object; no magic will work on this." Pomfrey said to Fudge, who was demanding she let him speak to Harry. "Nonsense, magic can cure everything, maybe we need to call in a professional from St. Mungos." Fudge snubbed Pomfrey. "I assure you Minister, Poppy is more than competent, and she is telling the truth. Injuries sustained from alchemy are resistant to magical intervention." Dumbledore said. "What would you know Dumbledore." Dumbledore's piercing blue eyes looked up at Fudge incredulously, "Do you KNOW what I am best known for?" "Err, defeating Grindelwald?" Fudge said awkwardly. "Other than that?" Fudge drew a blank but Madam Bones nodded, "For your studies in Alchemy with the late Nicolas Flamel." "Exactly." Arcturus said. "Anyway, let me see the boy." Dumbledore spoke. Poppy complied, much to the chagrin of the Minister, "Why does Dumbledore get to talk to the boy!" Dumbledore waved his wand over the limp body of Harry Potter a few times, his wand lighting up with a faint glow. "Is he going to be okay, Professor?" Hermione asked shakily. Dumbledore put on a gentle smile, "Yes, Ms Granger, though I have no doubt he will have quite a fantastic and possibly concerning tale for us when he awakens. His magic has been exhausted, and his fight with the Horntail could not have resulted in the usage of so much magic. He clearly dueled somebody wherever he went." Hermione's eyes widened, "He dueled someone! After the fight with the dragon!" Dumbledore nodded gravely, "Whoever it was knew he would already be exhausted, but he likely didn't know the extent of Harry's power, and that very power allowed him to get away with his life." Hermione paled before she hugged her unconscious friend tightly. *** Later, Dumbledore's office "It is highly likely Voldemort has returned." Harry said. Dumbledore's eyes widened but Arcturus' eyes narrowed. "Likely…what is causing you doubt." "I didn't see him with my own eyes, but it was Barty Crouch Jr who fought me, and he murmured of a ritual that would bring back his master…" "Junior! Isn't he dead?" Hermione asked. "He is supposed to be." Dumbledore agreed. "Trust me, I saw him." Harry said. "Give me the pensieve memory, I will examine it later." Dumbledore said. Harry nodded and did as the older wizard had asked. "Since Crouch, or whoever it was, captured you, he likely needed you for the ritual to take place" Arcturus reasoned. Harry shook his head grimly, "He needed my blood, he said it." "Your blood, he didn't get any of that, did he?" Hermione asked. "Think Granger, your friend turned up with a shoulder wound." Daphne spoke for the first time. Hermione's mouth fell open and Harry nodded his head grimly. "Yes, I pulled out the knife, I had to, it was a portkey which would pull me back there." "We can always hope that he didn't realise, right?" Hermione said hopefully, "Maybe he will assume that he can't go through with the ritual because he doesn't have you." "That's where the element of doubt comes in, but still, Crouch is a smart man, there's no way he would miss something like that. We have to prepare for the worst." Arcturus said. "Well, there's a more pertinent issue as well." Daphne said. "What could be more pertinent than the return of the Dark Lord!" Hermione said. "What do we tell the press…" *** End of Chapter An: Please, please, please check out my new story 'The Hogwarts Bat' if you have any interest in Batman or Harry Potter (you probably like Harry Potter, if you're reading this) It is a crossover story where Bruce goes to Hogwarts in the Marauders era. I'm pretty stoked on it so…check it out! PxFive out.
*** Present "What could be more pertinent than the return of the Dark Lord?" Hermione asked. "What do we tell the press…" Arcturus said. Dumbledore let out a little laugh but Arcturus was serious. "We have to placate Fudge before he slanders our name, then release the evidence that we do have to the Prophet, otherwise, we won't be taken seriously. The Minister will push all his clout behind defaming us." Arcturus said. Dumbledore frowned, "Cornelius is harmless." "No Albus. Because of your willingness to believe in the good in him, you're not seeing what he truly is. He's afraid. He would do anything to avoid such a scandal in his term, including sticking his head in the sand and murdering you politically." Arcturus said. At that very moment, Fudge burst into the room, "What is going on with the Potter boy!?" "Ah Cornelius, we're glad you came." Arcturus said smoothly. "Yes, Lord Black." Cornelius said, trying to suck up to Arcturus. "Harry was kidnapped by a crazed and delusional follower of the deceased Dark Lord." Arcturus said, "The Dark Lord isn't back but some man had a delusion that he could bring him back by murdering Harry. Harry managed to duel him to a standstill, suggesting that he was a weaker man, and then managed to grab the portkey back to Hogwarts." "Who was it!" Fudge said, completely buying it. "We don't know, he was wearing the Death Eater uniform and Harry was unable to identify him." Arcturus lied deftly, thinking it too inconvenient to explain to the Minister that a dead Death Eater buried in Azkaban was actually alive and with the Dark Lord. He would find out soon enough anyway. With a few more placating answers, the Minister was sent away and the real business started. "You can come out now, Rita." Arcturus said. Harry and Hermione both looked surprised but Dumbledore also seemed privy to the presence of the reporter. Nothing happened for a second, and Harry wondered if his two mentors were wrong this once, but then, quick as lightning, Arcturus flicked his wand and a bug on the wall transformed into the form of the vicious reporter and fell to the ground with a shriek. The reporter immediately tried to exit the room but found the door to be locked. "You can't escape Rita." Dumbledore said simply. "I- I will sue you for kidnapping." Rita said desperately. "And I'll sue you for invading private property and being an unregistered animagus… and I'm allowed to detain criminals until their trials due to my Order of Merlin 1st Class." Dumbledore said, his voice cold and threatening, the cushy and comfortable aura of the Headmaster suddenly turning to a far more serious and intimidating aura. "What do you want." Rita spat. "Voldemort has returned." Dumbledore said simply. "B-But I heard your talk with the Minister! Don't lie to me Dumbledore." "I had to give the Minister a story he liked otherwise he would kill me in the media before the world got to know of the return of the Dark Lord." Dumbledore said, "You may view young Harry's memory in the pensieve." They all viewed the memory once more, before the pensieve shot them out again. Rita was white as a sheet, "I can't print that…" she said shakily, "The Ministry won't like it, they won't like it at all…" "Isn't it your job to relay the news to all the people of Britain!" Hermione shot, "What kind of corrupt reporter are you!?" Arcturus smiled thinly, ignoring Hermione outright, "I think you're forgetting, we know your biggest secret Rita." Her eyes widened, "You can't tell anyone!" she said urgently, "My entire career would fall in on itself like a house of cards!" "Exactly." Arcturus said smugly, "So you write our completely truthful article and we don't destroy your career." Skeeter stood up to her full height and glared at Arcturus who simply stared back. After a few seconds, she sighed, defeated and turned to exit the room. Just as she was about to exit the room, she spun around with the obliviate spell half out of her mouth before she found her wand in Arcturus' hands, with both Dumbledore and Harry having their wands out, and Hermione in the process of drawing hers. "I had to try." She said simply, retrieving her wand from Dumbledore and walking out of the door for real this time." "She was going for you." Arcturus observed, "She thought she could beat me." He stated. Dumbledore smiled wanly, "You are an old man, my friend." "As are you, Dumbledore." "Ah, but you have not been able to garner quite the reputation I have among the masses." Dumbledore said. "Well, now what?" Harry asked. "Now, my boy, you get back to classes." Dumbledore said playfully, "You've missed a fair few in your recovery." Suddenly Hermione burst into action, "Ah Harry! I've collected all the homework you've missed; I can help you with it! Also, I've taken copies of my notes so that you can study them with me! Also, the second task will be coming up and you need to figure out what exactly the egg is." Hermione started on Harry. "Hermione, you know that we're both already far ahead of most subjects." Harry said. "Yeah, but we don't know all the details of what is taught in class." Hermione argued, "It's important to know all the theory." "Anyway, I think it's more important to focus on the TriWizard tournament." Harry said before looking towards his mentors, "Any advice?" Arcturus shared a glance with Dumbledore, "Normally, I wouldn't help you out with information like this, because Albus and I want you to do this yourself, but in this case, I think we need you to dedicate a lot of your time to training, we will tell you…Albus, tell him." "You must listen to the egg underwater." Dumbledore said, "There will be a message in mermish, but the gist of it is that you will have to retrieve another object, one that will aid you in the final task if you retrieve it, from inside the lake." *** end of chapter
An: Thanks for 850 follows on TIP! *** Greengrass Manor Iliad Greengrass felt a domineering force batter against his wards. If they had been almost any other wards, they would have collapsed immediately under the pressure being applied on them, but Greengrass Manor already had some of the best wards in England, and that was before Iliad had added the latest and best in warding technology a few years back. Still, the force kept battering against his wards. Even his wards would only last him another few minutes before they fell to the unassailing power that was assaulting them. He ran up the stairs to his bedroom, "Ophelia! We need to get out of here." Iliad's wife blinked at him, "What?" "Our wards are being attacked." Iliad said shortly. Ophelia goggled at her husband, "Surely we can't be in immediate danger, our wards are some of the strongest in Britain!" "I imagine the Darkness has something to do with this." Iliad said urgently. Ophelia paled, "How much time do we have?" "Minutes by the looks of it. Apparition is blocked, try the portkeys." Iliad said. Ophelia nodded and tried the innocuous key on her bedside with no luck. "We have to get to the room." Iliad said urgently before he heard loud crashing and his wards gave up completely. Lord Voldemort entered the home of the Greengrass family, covered in armor of darkness from head to toe, with tendrils of the stuff gathering around him. Despite the aid of the Darkness, Voldemort was still sweating with exertion, having used a large amount of his energy to overpower the wards as fast as he possibly could, the Greengrasses were slimy and would escape quickly if given even just a single opportunity to. "Iliad Greengrass." He rasped out, backed up by a dozen of his strongest followers. When no reply came immediately, Voldemort apparated onto the top floor of the Manor, noticing Iliad fleeing, with his back turned. Voldemort sent a sealing spell at the door but not in time to stop Iliad's wife from escaping the Manor. Only slightly discontented, Voldemort turned to the remaining Greengrass, who had turned to look at him. If the Lord Greengrass was even the slightest bit scared, he didn't show it on his face. "Lord Voldemort." He said respectfully. "Hello Iliad…" Voldemort rasped out, his fingers tapping a restless rhythm on his wand, "I have come here for a singular purpose…you have a chance to exit this manor alive." Iliad seemed momentarily surprised before his blank cold expression took over again, "How may I help you today, my Lord?" he asked meekly, backing towards the door. "Don't try to escape Iliad, it won't work." Voldemort said mockingly, "Come forward, accept me as your master and you will survive this night." Iliad walked forward shakily and bent down on one knee, "My Lord?" Voldemort smirked, "You think it would be that easy? I know you made a deal with Dumbledore…to earn my favor you must take my mark or die." Iliad's expression tightened ever so slightly before his body language reflected a position of defeat. Voldemort's smile widened at the defeated form of Iliad Greengrass, he would be a formidable ally indeed, with him onboard, Dumbledore and his entourage stood no chance of standing up to the forces of the Dark. "Give me your arm Iliad." Voldemort hissed. Iliad shakily raised one arm. As Voldemort went to draw his wand once again to brand his mark onto his newest servant, Iliad slid his own wand out of his sleeve and into his hand in an instant, a deep red spell shooting out of it before Voldemort could even react. It was at point blank range, there was no way Voldemort would be able to block it… Voldemort's armor rose to protect his face, tendrils of Darkness flicking around to push Iliad away, making him stumble into a wall. "Fool! You think you could stand against me?!"Voldemort roared out, and tendrils of Darkness began to attack Iliad, "Death Eaters! Stay behind, Greengrass is mine!" With great precision, Iliad sent several jabs of elemental magic flying at his opponent, moving out of the way of the tendrils of Darkness and sending spikes of fire to combat them. "You will never escape!" Voldemort rasped, sending an unassailable wave of Darkness at Iliad who grunted as he was unable to stop the blow and was sent flying into another wall as a result. Iliad spat out a gob of blood and began the fight of his life. Voldemort was clearly playing and for the most part didn't even make use of the powers of the Darkness, sticking to his own magic but still dominating the fight with the Lord Greengrass, whose fighting skills were really being put to the test. Voldemort sent a wall of fire at Iliad who twisted towards the door that Voldemort had sealed, standing right in front of it and protecting himself with the best shield he could muster. The force of the wall of fire pushed him into the door and burned the sealed door straight off the wall, breaking a fair bit of the wall, which sent a decent part of the left wing of the Manor collapsing due to the loss of support. With the minor distraction, Iliad cast a transfiguration spell behind himself turning the rubble into walls to get into Voldemort's way. The Dark Lord roared with anger and began to tear his way through to Iliad. Unfortunately for him, he was too late. Iliad reached the warp room just before Voldemort reached him and closed the door on that. As Voldemort began to brute-force the wards on the room which were separate to the rest of the manor, Iliad activated his emergency portkey. Due to the separate warding scheme, general blocks and wards placed on the main Manor were of no effect here, and the small stone that served as his portkey pulled him away right before Voldemort destroyed the door of the Manor and entered. *** Dumbledore's office, Hogwarts Iliad arrived in a pop in the office of the Headmaster. Ophelia was sitting in a cushy armchair transfigured by Dumbledore, sipping a hot chocolate, as if she were a traumatized student. To be expected of a school teacher, he assumed. Dumbledore himself was nowhere to be seen. "Iliad!" Ophelia cried out in relief, getting up to hug her husband tightly. "Where is Dumbledore?" "Albus and Arcturus are planning a retrieval mission for you." Ophelia said, "Go stop them, now you're here, they're in the room of requirement." Iliad rushed to the 7th floor with his wife to stop the rescue party. He met Dumbledore and Arcturus just as they were leaving. Arcturus raised an eyebrow, "You escaped Voldemort?" "Just about." Iliad said, gesturing to his battered state. "Still better than I had gotten away with in our last fight." Arcturus spoke with respect in his voice. "He was clearly playing with me; his power has easily doubled with his call on the Darkness." Iliad said, despairingly, with the level of power he has…we don't stand a chance." *** End of Chapter
*** Present Iliad rushed to the 7th floor with his wife to stop the rescue party. He met Dumbledore and Arcturus just as they were leaving. Arcturus raised an eyebrow, "You escaped Voldemort?" "Just about." Iliad said, gesturing to his battered state. "Still better than I had gotten away with in our last fight." Arcturus spoke with respect in his voice. "He was clearly playing with me; his power has easily doubled with his call on the Darkness." Iliad said, despairingly, with the level of power he has…we don't stand a chance." Dumbledore frowned slightly, "It will be a hard journey ahead but we will succeed." He said with determination. Despite himself, Iliad felt a little bit of his usual confidence return at the words of the old man. "Besides, we have a few things up our sleeves as well." Arcturus smirked. Iliad smiled shakily, "As expected of the Lord Black." "There is also a positive to be drawn from this." Dumbledore said. Iliad raised an eyebrow, but didn't say anything. Prior to this, the return of Voldemort was entirely down to conjecture but by attacking you, Voldemort has overextended and revealed his existence and the extent of his recovery to us." Iliad frowned, "But I thought that you had definitive evidence of his existence from Potter." "Harry left before the ritual was completed." Albus corrected, "but at the time of his leaving, all the tools required to resurrect Voldemort were present, therefore we thought it best to work under the assumption that Voldemort had returned." Arcturus inclined his head, "Voldemort has another secret up his sleeve too, and it's time we told you, despite Albus' misgivings, he has created horcruxes." Iliad paled, "No. No, no no." "It's true." "HOURCRUXES! As in multiple!?" "7 to be exact." Dumbledore said grimly. Iliad rubbed his eyes, "Do we know what they are or where they are?" he asked slowly. "Well, we've made a good start already, Harry destroyed the first horcrux in his second year here at Hogwarts." Dumbledore said, "And we already have ideas of where the 2nd one could be." He continued reassuringly. *** Later Before dinner that night, Dumbledore announced the return of Voldemort to the rest of the school, feeling it best to tell the rest of the school before it came in the news the next day and chaos broke out. He peered at the panicking students before taking a deep breath, putting a hand on his wand to channel magic and yelling out, "SILENCE!" immediately drawing the attention of all of the panicking students who stilled to look at the Headmaster as magic thickened around him till it was almost palpable. Dumbledore's aura was one of hope and warmth that brought confidence to the students. "In the times of peril that are no doubt to come," he began, his piercing blue eyes seeming to cut to the soul of every student in the hall at the same time, "if we stand together in unity, we will be able to weather the storm." He continued before taking a pause to regard his stunned audience. "And you will all find that help is always given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." He finished before stepping back and waving his arms extravagantly, summoning food to the tables. *** The Next Morning, Great Hall, Hogwarts Harry opened the paper to find not only what he already knew of the return of Voldemort, featuring excerpts from his memories in the form of Wizarding pictures that he assumed were extracted by Voldemort, but also further proof in the form of a testimony by the Greengrass Lord, Iliad, who had been attacked by Voldemort further confirming the return of the Dark Lord. Harry rushed to Dumbledore, dragging a confused Hermione, who had just walked into the hall for breakfast, along with him. "Good Morning Harry." The Headmaster greeted genially. "Professor! Have you seen what happened to Iliad Greengrass!" Harry started. Dumbledore opened his mouth to reply, but Harry steamrolled on, in a manner reminiscent to Hermione, "Voldemort attacked him and he could do it again, he's allied with us, right? You have to protect him!" "Harry!" Dumbledore cut into Harry's rambling, "Iliad is here at Hogwarts, he arrived here immediately, this is where he escaped to." "Oh." Harry said, "He's Daphne's dad right, I'd bet she'd like to meet him." Dumbledore gave a mischievous smile, "Who says she hasn't already?" Harry's mouth opened, "You mean-" "Yes Harry, Iliad insisted he see Daphne last night, I organized a room for her in the guest suite that Iliad is currently occupying." Harry hmmed, "I'd like to meet him." He stated, giving Dumbledore a meaningful look. "After breakfast, Harry." Dumbledore said good-naturedly, before turning to talk to McGonagall, who had been conspicuously listening in on Dumbledore's conversation with Harry, effectively dismissing Harry and Hermione. *** After Breakfast, Iliad's Suite, Hogwarts Harry beelined to Dumbledore, getting him to take Hermione and himself to Iliad's suite immediately as breakfast ended. Daphne had not showed up for breakfast, Harry assumed she had breakfast along with her father in his suite. One of Daphne's friends, a Tracey Davis, asked them where she was in the middle of the meal, further solidifying his belief that she was with her father, as Tracy generally seemed to know exactly where Daphne was at all times. Presently, Dumbledore led Harry and Hermione to Iliad's suite, which was guarded by a portrait of an old lady, who shared a few features with Daphne, something which Harry didn't miss. In response to Harry's unasked question, Dumbledore responded, "I thought it would be fitting for Iliad to stay in a suite protected by his own great-grandmother." Harry noted the fact mentally before walking into the suite, after Dumbledore gave the woman the password. Iliad Greengrass looked up from the newspaper he had been reading, "Harry Potter." He said as a greeting, "It is good to finally meet you," at that, Iliad raised a hand, which Harry grasped, shaking the hand of the Greengrass Lord. "Same here, Lord Greengrass." Harry said respectfully. *** End of Chapter An: Sorry for the delay between chapters.
An: Chapter 50! I didn't think I'd make it even half this far, and this story has really evolved from what I envisioned a year and a half ago. Thanks to everybody who keeps on reading and enjoy the fiftieth chapter of The Intelligent Potter. *** Present Presently, Dumbledore led Harry and Hermione to Iliad's suite, which was guarded by a portrait of an old lady, who shared a few features with Daphne, something which Harry didn't miss. In response to Harry's unasked question, Dumbledore responded, "I thought it would be fitting for Iliad to stay in a suite protected by his own great-grandmother." Harry noted the fact mentally before walking into the suite, after Dumbledore gave the woman the password. Iliad Greengrass looked up from the newspaper he had been reading, "Harry Potter." He said as a greeting, "It is good to finally meet you," at that, Iliad raised a hand, which Harry grasped, shaking the hand of the Greengrass Lord. "Same here, Lord Greengrass." Harry said respectfully. "Morning, Harry." Daphne acknowledged him with a smile from the other side of the table, where she had been sitting, clearly in conversation with her father. Harry waved back to his now-friend in response. Iliad gestured to the half-eaten breakfast on the table, which had been served in communal dishes as there were two of them rather than on single plates, "Would you like some?" Harry refused politely, "Thanks for the offer, but I've eaten already." Iliad smiled, "As per my agreement with The Lord Black," he started, "You have been training with my daughter, am I right?" he asked, almost rhetorically. Harry inclined his head to the question as Iliad continued, "how would you rate the performance of my daughter in combat ability?" he asked, turning his chair, which seemed to slide along the ground, possibly due to magic. Harry blinked, caught off-guard by the question, while Daphne herself looked slightly awkward, the first time Harry had seen any sort of crack in her mask. "Well…" he begun, "Daphne is a highly capable duelist, who is far above the standard of the best of Hogwarts' duelers." Iliad hmmed, apparently dissatisfied by the response, or so his slight frown would seem to have indicated. "And How would you feel she stacks up against the under-15 worldwide dueling champion?" Iliad asked wryly. Harry let out an awkward chuckle, "My wide variety of techniques was too much for her to possibly overcome despite her skill." He chose to answer. "He means to say he kicked my ass." Daphne said, unusually bluntly relative to her regular behavior. It seemed that she was far more open when around her father, Harry noted, it seemed that he did not know Daphne all that well, now that he really thought about it. Iliad raised his eyes in a small show of surprise, "Really? Well, maybe a demonstration is in order." He said, brushing nonexistent crumbs off his shirt. "Are you sure this is the time, Iliad?" Dumbledore asked in slight exasperation from behind Harry, "You dueled Lord Voldemort not 10 hours ago, and now you want to engage in another pointless fight." Iliad waved it off, "I got away from that fight without serious injury, I can handle a duel with a 14-year-old." "Very well," Dumbledore sighed, "Follow me, I shall take you both to one of Hogwarts' dueling chambers." Dumbledore led them all to a large room which Harry had not seen prior to that day. "You may spar here," Dumbledore said simply before turning to Iliad, "Do not underestimate Harry." He warned before waving his wand a few times to set up protective barriers for the audience, which consisted of Hermione, Daphne and himself. Harry started, going hard from the very beginning, his spells flying viciously at his enemy, who simply waved them off with simple flicks of his wand in a fairly typical commencement of his duels. Unlike most of his opponents, Iliad continued to fight with the same strategy slowly increasing his rate of fire, as if to judge Harry's exact level. Harry decided not to simply keep up his futile barrage of spells, beginning to mix it up, transfiguring the floor under Iliad into quicksand, which the Greengrass Lord dealt with deftly by flicking his wand to control the substance, using it to quickly propel himself towards Harry, his wand swiping hard as it sent several beams of differently-colored light flying at Harry, who rolled out of the way, more awkwardly than he would've liked, landing wrong on his right ankle, sending a spike of pain through it, and possibly twisting it as well, reducing Harry's mobility in the duel. By contrast, Iliad landed with grace appropriate of a man of his stature, turning swiftly and once again training his wand on Harry, who grunted slightly but continued his assault on Iliad, this time calling upon the elements to bombard the older man. Harry sent a gust of wind which almost took Iliad by surprise, the Greengrass Lord responding at the last minute by deflecting the gust by drawing up with own barrier of stone, rising up from the ground. In response to the air assault, Iliad responded by materializing water which flew at Harry, freezing into dangerous jagged shards of ice which melted upon reaching a 10-meter radius of Harry as he summoned fire to circle him in defense to Iliad's water-based offense. In a decision to fight fire with fire, Iliad sent a fire serpent which flew at Harry, who directed his own ring of fire to leave his side and wrap around the serpent, squeezing it into nothingness. Iliad continued his barrage of spells, forcing Harry to pull up a shield, due to his ankle-caused lack of mobility, much to his own distaste. Shields were unreliable, and easy to overpower, as Iliad illustrated by creating cracks in the screen between him and Harry in a split second, time Harry took to hobble out from behind the shield that shattered just as he moved out of its path, saving him just in time. Gasping for breath, Harry returned fire to Iliad, but he was at a clear disadvantage, as Iliad didn't seem to want to press the advantage he had over the younger duelist, presumably to test his skills and endurance. With a grunt, Harry continued his assault with a whip of fire, which he swung at Iliad, who flicked his wand, dissipating the fire simply by sending a powerful gust of air at the weak creation. Iliad raised his eyebrows, looking slightly unimpressed, and looked like he was about to comment on Harry's performance before curbing himself and continuing with the duel, this time far more viciously, apparently having decided he'd seen all of the young Potter's skills. Harry waved his wand in a huge circle, creating a circle of whirling air around him in a small emulation of a tornado, before expelling it outward, blowing Iliad, and all the debris from their battle away. Harry shot a numbing spell at his ankle with a grimace, before drawing The Sword of Potter, which remained hidden under his robes at all times, ever since his kidnapping by Voldemort, and charging at the slightly disoriented Iliad, who shot several spells at him, which Harry deflected from his sword, showing the improved skill with the weapon he had trained by training the past few months, with Arcturus, who was a master of the art. Iliad realized the danger of letting Harry get close to him a tad late, sending out a desperate gust of air himself to halt Harry, but failing, when his enemy, ready for that response, fought back with his own gust of air, fighting it long enough to get close to Iliad, and swipe at his chest, missing as the Greengrass Lord gracefully took a step back, and raised a foot, kicking at the sword in an attempt to knock it out of Harry's hand, almost succeeding as Harry was unprepared for a physical assault, ready for his sword to absorb any magical assault upon his person. Luckily for him, Harry managed to keep his hold on his sword, though just barely, and swung once again, this time stopped by a wall of diamond which had been built in front of him by Iliad just to block the swing. Harry pulled his sword free, and sent a bombarda at the diamond, only to find it had been a trap all along, as Iliad banished the shards back at Harry, who grunted as he was hit in the leg by one he didn't manage to stop with his late gust of air. Iliad didn't stop there either, he kept going, making sure to be pushing Harry back at all times, making sure not to let Harry get close enough to try assaulting him a sword once again. Harry panted with exertion at his magic-intense duel with Iliad, who didn't seem to have tired yet, going strong on his offense, the young Potter's magical core, despite being massive for his age, still not comparing to Iliad's large trained magical reserves. With a final swipe, Iliad managed to send Harry spinning into a wall, sending a stunner to officially end the duel. *** End of Chapter
An: 1000 Follows. Woah. Thanks. Enjoy. *** Present Harry pulled his sword free from Iliad's conjured wall of diamond, and sent a bombarda at the diamond, only to find it had been a trap all along, as Iliad banished the shards back at Harry, who grunted as he was hit in the leg by one he didn't manage to stop with his late gust of air. Iliad didn't stop there either, he kept going, making sure to be pushing Harry back at all times, making sure not to let Harry get close enough to try assaulting him a sword once again. Harry panted with exertion at his magic-intense duel with Iliad, who didn't seem to have tired yet, going strong on his offense, the young Potter's magical core, despite being massive for his age, still not comparing to Iliad's large trained magical reserves. With a final swipe, Iliad managed to send Harry spinning into a wall, sending a stunner to officially end the duel. Harry came to to the sight of Iliad's proffered hand, which he took, helping himself up, wincing slightly as his weight came to rest on his injured ankle. "Good fight." He said to the Lord Greengrass. Iliad looked at Harry calculatingly, "Good fight." He replied evenly. "Was I…yaknow, up to expectations?" Harry said uncertainly at the look of scrutiny he was getting from Iliad. The Lord Greengrass sighed, "Yes and no." Harry raised an eyebrow. "As a 13-year-old," Iliad began, "You are far ahead of any level feasibly expected from any student, even a 7th year and would likely beat many auror trainees, especially with the wide range of magics that have been taught to you by Albus and Arcturus." He continued before hesitating, "However, I fear that you will not be ready to face the Dark Lord anytime soon, you wouldn't have stood a chance at the height of his previous power, but with The Darkness on his side, well, let's just say, any chance you ever had has marginalized significantly." "It will be a long war" Dumbledore said, standing up and walking over to Harry, "And we will all be there to support him," at this he put his hand on the last Potter's shoulder, radiating comfort. "The final battle will not be for years to come," Arcturus said, "It is regrettable that Harry has to face the Dark Lord at all, but if and when he does, he will be fully prepared." Iliad objected almost immediately, "But even the likes of Albus and yourself would stand next to no chance against The Dark Lord and The Darkness, with your decades of experience and training." "At 13, Harry can fight a fully grown wizard head on," Arcturus said, "by the time he reaches his age of majority, his magical core will be unprecedentedly large, he was destined to fight Voldemort on equal footing, he will not go into the battle short of magical capability." He said with an air of finality. "You would rely on the prophecy?" Iliad said with slight contempt, "I truly thought you were smarter than that Black." "Relying on the prophecy?" Arcturus barked back, "Do you SEE us relying on the prophecy? Does the training which allowed the boy to take on a fully grown wizard seem like RELYING on the prophecy?! We are doing our best, Iliad, and HOPING that all the cards will fall in place!" Arcturus said, letting loose of his magic, letting it envelop the room, flowing out of the Lord Black in a steady stream, making the already intimidating figure of the Lord Black even more so. Iliad glared back at the Lord Black, his pride unwilling to let him back down from the standoff. He was cut off by Dumbledore just as he opened his mouth to speak, "Enough! Arcturus, Iliad, we can't be squabbling like children! We have to prepare for what is to come, and fighting about it isn't helping anybody. We are not relying on the prophecy to carry us through this, which is why we need your help Iliad, Harry may have to be the one to defeat Voldemort, but he sure as hell doesn't have to be the only one fighting." Arcturus' magic retreated into its master's body as quickly as it had filled the room. After a few cold seconds, Iliad also sighed, "Albus is right, we can't be wasting our time like this." With that the Lord Greengrass walked back into the dueling arena and beckoned Harry, "Come boy, again!" Harry frowned slightly, indicating his ankle wordlessly. "You don't always get to fight in ideal conditions, and besides, I'm coming off a duel too." Iliad said dismissively. Dumbledore moved to stop the duel but Harry waved him off. "No, I have to do this." Harry said, determinedly. Iliad grinned, "That's what I'm talking about!" he said before starting the duel at top-notch, letting fire and water fly in equal amounts at his younger opponent with reckless abandon, peppering Harry with spells, who grit his teeth as the numbing spell on his ankle began to wear off at all of the pressure he was forced to put on it to evade Iliad's attacks. Harry responded to the assault by fighting back once more, incorporating all forms of magic that he knew into the battle but to no end. Iliad simply outclassed Harry in every way, but he didn't let that get to him, fighting to the best of his abilities, despite the circumstances. No matter how valiant the struggle though, Harry was overpowered, taking another stunner to the chest, only to be revived and given to the count of ten before Iliad started the duel again, unforgivably refusing to let up on Harry. In the stands, Hermione was distraught at the blatant abuse Harry was taking in his battles with Iliad, and even Daphne was flinching slightly, uncomfortable with the amount of pain her father was ruthlessly inflicting on Harry, seemingly without a care in the world. After their 5th duel, Dumbledore finally intervened as Harry attempted to get to his feet, barely succeeding, and just about managing to hold onto his wand, having taken a cutting hex to the arm. "Enough is enough, Iliad" Dumbledore said firmly, "No amount of training means anything if you kill the boy, and I think we need to have a talk about your methods." Iliad agreed grudgingly, letting Dumbledore take Harry to the infirmary. *** End of Chapter
An: I think I've said I had no excuse once before. Well, I kinda do now but elaboration is for dummies… yeah I dunno what I'm saying anymore either. I guess, just insert groveling apology here as well as some disbelief that there are still people who read this stuff somehow. Enjoy the chapter! *** International Confederation of Wizards Conference, Ottawa, Canada With Voldemort's return closely followed by the raid on Greengrass Manor, the public had been frenzied into a panic, while this level of openness may not have been exactly in Voldemort's plans, and gave the Ministry time to prepare for the almost-certainly oncoming war, it did serve to send the Wizarding World of Britain into a mood much like the previous war with Voldemort. Albus himself was finding himself increasingly busy fighting for aid for Britain's plight against Voldemort on the international stage, using his many positions to the advantage of their political situation, which had been worsened significantly by the country's political leadership over the last couple years and the way they had handled the previous war with Voldemort, where they had all but crumbled at the hands of the Dark Lord and a tiny army. As Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, Albus held a significant amount of power on the international stage, which was precisely why he found himself on the pedestal, speaking on behalf of his own country, rather than in his position as Supreme Mugwump. Albus cleared his throat, "For the span of my speech, I yield my position of Supreme Mugwump temporarily to The Delegate of Nigeria, Mr Babajide Akingbade." Akingbade nodded his consent and spoke up, "As Supreme Mugwump, I call upon Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore to speak on behalf of The British Ministry of Magic." Albus smiled at Akingbade, "Thank you Supreme Mugwump Akingbade, I would like to start by calling upon all of you to remember the terror caused by the first regime of Lord Voldemort. Not only did his reign threaten Britain and it's Ministry of Magic, but he showed every intention of extending his dominion into Europe and the rest of the world, and showed no intention to comply with the regulations of this international body." At this, a hand was raised, that of the Brazilian Delegate, Nicolau Moutinho. Akingbade called upon Moutinho to speak. "With all due respect, Mr Dumbledore," began Moutinho, "How does Lord Voldemort really pose a threat to the rest of the world, all that The Delegation of Brazil has observed from the first 'reign' of Voldemort, as you call it, is an astonishing level of incompetence on behalf of the British Ministry of Magic, and a lucky break, being saved by a child." The question created murmurs amongst the rest of the delegates present at the meeting, with some looking to be in agreement with Moutinho's position. Akingbade did not seem to be very content with Moutinho's clear statement of intent, but couldn't do much except yield back to Albus, in his current position functioning as the temporary Supreme Mugwump. "Voldemort poses a very real threat to the entire world, his strength is unprecedented, and he has already proven to be individually far stronger than many of the Wizarding World's strongest wizards and witches, including myself." Albus said strongly, causing heavy murmuring to break out once more, as many people in the room knew of Albus' magical prowess. Some, like Moutinho didn't seem convinced. The Brazilian Delegate simply muttered, "You are but a retired general, posing as a school-teacher and resting on the laurels of past victories." "That may be," Albus said, not denying the scathing words of the Brazilian Delegate despite the obvious outrage on behalf of the entire Confederation, even those on Moutinho's side, at the slight to Albus, "but Voldemort's power outstrips every other individual in Britain too, and not only that, in his fall into the Dark Arts, he has become a vessel of The Darkness, it is not just a Dark Lord that we are fighting now, but a portion of The Darkness, small it may be, but insignificant it is not, and the more we allow it to fester, the more it will grow to a point where it may just end up being impossible for the combined might of the Wizarding World to be unable to take on the opposing force. We must strike early, while The Darkness' presence is still small enough that we are fighting a fight that can be won." At mentions of The Darkness, it was almost like a shadow seemed to fall over the entire room. The nervousness felt by the delegates was palpable, but Albus continued to stare piercingly at the delegates. Moutinho chose to speak again, "If what you say is really true, then past experience shows that The British Ministry cannot be trusted to spearhead such an important operation, especially in the weakened state that they are in after the previous war against Voldemort." Albus spoke again, "The British Ministry knows it cannot handle this threat alone, which is why I am here asking for aid in the form of magical might to help combat the forces of Voldemort, as they will undoubtedly fall into old patterns, fighting a war of attrition via raids on magical hotspots over the country, leading up to a seize of power, the likes of which The British Ministry is ill-equipped to combat without reinforcements from our international allies. We agree with your assessment which is why we are here. If you believe we cannot be trusted on our own, then do as we ask, send us Brazilian battalions which can help combat the forces of Voldemort. Brazilian battlefield-healers are unparalleled the world over, The British Ministry would appreciate their aid." Albus finished strongly, moving a large amount of his audience with his apparent humility and ability to accept his weaknesses, the likes of which had never been seen with The Fudge Administration or indeed any British Administration of late. Moutinho smirked, Dumbledore had played right into his hands, "No, you misunderstand me, Mr Dumbledore, I believe that The British Ministry is not capable of managing their own country in these troubling times, I believe it would be best for the ICW to take temporary leadership of the country until such time as this conflict is over or this body deems the British able to take leadership of their own country once again." There was a huge uproar after Moutinho's statement, both in support of him and against him, though it was hard to tell which. Albus felt a feeling of cold dread encroach upon himself. "That procedure would be encroaching upon Britain's sovereignty." Albus said with a sense of finality, "The British Ministry would not accept such extreme measures and neither would the British people, and it would be against the ICW code of conduct until and unless an emergency is declared." "I think that the possibility of a war with The Darkness is plenty cause for a declaration of emergency." Moutinho said. The rest of the committee devolved into Albus having to fight for Britain's autonomy, but unfortunately for his case, Magical Brazil was incredibly influential, being the leader of the entirety of Magical South America, and the MACUSA was always a bit sore about the entire colonization thing, apparently sore enough to support an ICW administration over Britain. However, Albus himself was quite influential, influential enough that along with the support of Magical Europe, Britain was likely to survive such an outrageous proposal. Too late did Albus realize, that installing an ICW administration in Britain was never really a goal that The Brazilian Delegation thought they could achieve. Rather, its outrageousness would make their follow-up 'compromise' seem extremely reasonable. "Since our first proposal has been shot down by committee, as a follow-up, I would like to propose that the ICW at the very least sends representatives to make sure that the British are governing themselves satisfactorily." Moutinho said oilily. After an unsuccessful attempt to vote himself into the representative role, which Dumbledore's opposition managed to defeat, Moutinho finally managed to push his idea through, by the means of picking a much-liked personality to be the representative. "If I am unacceptable for the role, I propose Mr Babajide Akingbade as a bipartisan choice, to take a team of his own choosing to monitor the British Ministry." Albus cursed interally, by choosing Akingbade, he was likely to pass it. Akingbade held similar prestige to Albus himself, and his support for Britain's autonomy, alongside that of Albus was paramount to stopping the movement for passing, but nobody on his side would vote against Akingbade. As he'd thought, even his own influence could not stop the motion from passing. "So it is settled then," Moutinho said, "Mr Akingbade, you are to propose your team to this Confederation at an impromptu meeting to be held at this time next week." Albus felt a headache coming on. This was bad. *** End of Chapter
An: I have a lot of free time this month and I'm hoping to get back into the groove of getting a decent amount of updates out, so hopefully I get a decent amount of TIP chapters out in May! *** Present "So it is settled then," Moutinho said, "Mr Akingbade, you are to propose your team to this Confederation at an impromptu meeting to be held at this time next week." Albus felt a headache coming on. This was bad. *** Next week, British Ministry Babajide Akingbade was a man of large stature. The Nigerian wizard was taller than Albus himself and far wider, with bulging muscles. Babajide was a young man, at the peak of his physical might and a highly accomplished wizard to boot. A graduate of Uganda's prestigious Uagadou School of Magic, he had quickly been hailed as a prodigy in the way Albus himself had at Hogwarts all those decades ago. Unlike Albus, Babajide wasn't content to be a school-teacher in relative anonymity like Albus had been in his early days. The Nigerian Wizard had quickly risen through the ranks of the incredibly corrupt Nigerian Magical Government's political system, and had worked to get rid of corruption from the top down. While Albus had been busy trying to keep Magical Britain intact against the threat of Voldemort, Babajide had been raising Magical Nigeria through the ranks of prestige on the international stage. After a short two-year tenure, Babajide had given up the office of President of Magical Nigeria, but continued to delegate for the country in the ICW, eventually becoming Albus' deputy as Supreme Mugwump. Many considered him to be one of the best and most altruistic politicians of the century but his political savvy was vastly overshadowed by his immense strength. Babajide was clearly established as one of the strongest wizards in the Magical World. He stunned many not just through his magical prowess but also his dedication to both his magical and physical fortitude, both of which he trained immensely. While his current prestige may not have been exactly what Albus' had been all those decades ago when he burst onto the scene by defeating Grindelwald, at the present moment, Albus' own influence was closely matched on the international level by Babajide. Thankfully for Albus, the Nigerian Wizard largely agreed with him and the two shared an amiable working relationship as well as a large amount of respect for the accomplishments of the other. All in all, Babajide Akingbade was as good a choice to oversee the government of Magical Britain as Albus could have hoped for. His main problem with the entire arrangement wasn't the appointment of Babajide, if anything, the Nigerian Wizard was likely to aid the fumbling British Ministry for Magic, but rather the implications of the ICW taking such an obviously suspicious stance of Britain. The dislike between the two entities was likely to make working together hard when international cooperation would most definitely be required. "Babajide!" Albus smiled, enveloping the large man in a hug. "Albus." Babajide responded in his deep husky voice, "How have you been, my friend?" "Good, good." Albus replied cheerfully, looking analytically at the 3 men behind Babajide. Cyril Cosmos, a Greek Wizard of Beauxbatons education, also a famously honest politician and a formidable fighter. So far so good. Anu Iyer, a famous retired Indian auror turned politician. Albus turned to look at the third member of Babajide's team only to double take at the sight of his old friend, Nicholas Flamel. At the sight of his obvious disbelief, Nicholas cut him off before he could say anything. "Pierre Moreau, at your service." Nicholas said, in a heavy French accent, that Albus knew for a fact was put on. Thinking quickly, and deciding to keep quiet, Albus inclined his own head, "Albus Dumbledore, it's good to meet you." The other two took the opportunity to greet himtoo, though Albus had met both before. "Anu! It's good to see you." Albus said with a smile before turning to the Greek wizard, "Cyril, you look to be holding up well too!" "Well indeed, Albus." The Greek replied with a smile, "But I wish I were meeting you under better circumstances." Albus' smile faded a little, "These are troubling times indeed, but I do not believe that this kind of suspicion between the British Ministry and the ICW is going to benefit anyone." He said gravely, "I'm glad that Babajide, and you two are here, and I'm sure that Mr Moreau is reliable too, he must be if Babajide trusts him, but I fear the Minister has not appreciated this move, and it has taken much effort to stop the him from denouncing the ICW for this move of hostility, indeed, I doubt it would have been possible had we not needed help desperately." Anu grinned, "Well, as you may have picked up, Albus, Baba has picked this team to help in the upcoming war more than be a pain in the ass for your Ministry." Babajide flicked his fingers at her with a small understated smirk, and a spark flew from his finger which sealed her lips shut. Literally. "Shush now Anu," He said playfully. The Indian Witch scowled, flicking a short wand which slipped into her hand out of thin air to unbind her lips. "Meanie." The witch well into her 60s stuck out her tongue. Albus cleared his throat, "I think I should show you up to the Minister's office." He said amusedly. The Nigerian Wizard nodded his head, following Albus as he led the 4 into the Ministry building via the telephone box. On the way down, he made some conversation with Nicholas in disguise. "So, Pierre, I find myself quite surprised I haven't heard of you before, if you're worthy of Babajide's notice, you must be quite the wizard, and quite the fighter if our present company is anything to go by." Albus said lightly, but probingly. Pierre laughed lightly, "I've been around but I keep a…low profile." The Frenchman said, meaningfully, "and I like to keep it that way." Albus nodded understandingly, "Fame brings its own follies with it." He said understandingly and leaving the conversation at that, drew his wand and gave Pierre's hand a little tap. Babajide looked at the older wizard strangely at the odd behavior but Pierre gave a little laugh so the Nigerian Wizard left it at that. "Please inform Minister Fudge that Albus Dumbledore and Babajide Akingbade's ICW Team are awaiting him." Albus said politely to the young receptionist in the Minister's front office. The young woman stammered her response, "Yessir, at once Professor Dumbledore…umm, would you like some tea sir?" she said to her former Headmaster. Albus smiled, "I'm not your professor anymore, Linda, but a spot of tea would be nice." Linda nodded her head quickly before disappearing into the Minister's office. "Someone's popular" Anu grinned at Albus. "Ah, old students." Albus said with a smile. "You've been Headmaster of half of the workforce of this country at some point or other." Babajide said in his gravelly voice, "No wonder this country loves you so much." "That's rich coming from you, Baba." Anu pointed out. "I am not adored this much." Babajide argued lightly. "The Minister will see you now, Professor." Linda said breathlessly, seeming to have gotten just a little less awestruck. Albus and his entourage entered the office of the Minister. Fudge got up to shake Albus' hand before turning to the others, lowering his hand in a show of hostility. "Gentlemen." He said, trying to be intimidating but failing hilariously, faced with Babajide. Babajide cracked a smile, "It is good to meet you Minister Fudge, as you know we have been assigned here by the International Confederation of Wizards to oversee the British Ministry during this time of crisis." Fudge frowned and looked like he was about to argue when Babajide continued, "I am personally of the belief that there is nothing to be gained from pointless conflict, therefore I have assembled a team to help fight against the enemy rather than simply cause disturbances by monitoring your governance. We will however, require a weekly report from you on motions made and the ongoing war effort so that we can report it back to the ICW." Fudge looked at Albus for an idea of what to do. "It is good for our war effort, Minister, and they do not ask much, do as they say and we will avoid conflict and gain the aid of the ICW." Albus said calmly. "Very well then, I shall do as you say." *** End of Chapter
*** The Minister's Home Cornelius Fudge lay back into his hot tub and relaxed for the first time that week. Merlin's Beard, what a week it had been! Fudge had never resented his position as Minister quite as much as he did at that moment. Not only was He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named back, the ICW were on his ass 24/7. There were 24 aurors outside his house at this very moment, protecting him from any kind of attack. Additionally, there were supposed to be 6 more aurors guarding him inside his own house, but Fudge had slipped them a gold galleon each and sent them home. He had to have some down-time after all. It was impossible to relax in one's hot tub in quite the same way with 6 burly men standing guard around it and waving their wands around. Cornelius Fudge had never been a wartime Minister, he had taken over the job directly from Millicent Bagnold, who had been in power during the majority of the reign of Voldemort. During said reign, he had been rising through the ranks of the Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes. Fortunately for him at the time, not high enough through the ranks to ever be noticed by the Dark Lord, living in fear of Death Eaters but no more so than the next Magical British citizen. If he had been Minister during the earlier reign of Voldemort, or indeed in any position of power that would put him in the Dark Lord's notice, he would not have been sending away security the previous hour. He would have been on his knees, begging Amelia Bones for more aurors to protect his sorry behind. Alas, he had not been in such power, and had no such experience, and thus was presently lounging in his bath tub with no auror detail on his person, relying entirely on his paltry wards and the 24 aurors stationed outside his house. Cornelius closed his eyes, taking in a deep breath, basking in the relaxation of the moment. Cornelius' relaxation was broken by the sound of a few muted thumps from outside his house. With barely veiled annoyance, Cornelius cursed the stupid aurors, who had no doubt succumbed to boredom and were engaging in some form of childish horseplay to pass the time. 'Well,' Cornelius thought, 'They shall not be interrupting me this night!' and with a triumphant flick of his wand, muted sounds from outside with a whispered spell. It didn't quite work but muted the already soft sounds enough that the spell, along with the copious amount of earwax in Cornelius' ears managed to block out the sound enough for the foolish man to ignore them entirely. Outside the house, a majority Cornelius' auror detail lay in various stages of lifelessness and injury, scattered across the floor, some more gruesomely than others. The Death Eaters themselves had suffered 3 casualties at the hands of valiant aurors until the Dark Lord himself deigned it time to enter the battle himself, effectively ending it right there and then. The head of the auror guard, Bromophenol Blue, just about managed to avoid the first overwhelming wave of darkness which the Dark Lord sent his way with a careless flick of his wrist. Bromophenol sent rubble rocketing at Voldemort, hoping to distract the Dark Lord for just a split second. He fumbled inside his coat, finding the small blue stone given to him by Babajide Akingbade, to squeeze in times of need. Bromophenol squeezed the stone desperately as Voldemort seemed to simply walk through the hail of debris coming his way, the debris that came close to hitting the monstrosity of a man seemed to turn to dust just before they could hit him. Thankfully, Bromophenol noted, the Dark Lord seemed to be simply playing with him, the crazed look on his face resembling a child with a favorite toy more than a Dark Lord hell-bent on killing him. As he squeezed the stone, it seemed to project a hologram-like image of Babajide upwards. At the moment, the Nigerian man seemed to be sleeping, his eyes closed. "Akingbade!" Bromophenol yelled. Babajide seemed to awaken in a single instant, taking in the situation immediately, "Brom, where are you?" he said quickly, already getting up, picking up a dragon-hide protective cloak and shrugging it on over his nightie, his wand sliding out of a holster on his arm. "The Minister's house," Bromophenol said quickly, opening his mouth to speak again, only to be blown away by a gust of wind. Bromophenol got to his feet in a roll, groaning at the several broken ribs, only to find himself face-to-face with Voldemort, who he could have sworn was several feet away but had dissolved into being right in front of him, in a way quite unlike regular apparition. "Boo." The Dark Lord said mirthlessly, the first words he had spoken that night, in a raspy voice. Before his brain could fully comprehend the terror of being face to face with Voldemort himself, it found itself along with the rest of his head several metres away from the rest of Bromophenol's body. Voldemort giggled. Three loud cracks behind him forced Voldemort to turn around, only to meet several spells to the face. Voldemort dissolved into shadows, appearing behind his 3 assailants. The Dark Lord identified his attackers as 3 of the 4 members of the ICW inspection team. Babajide Akingbade, Cyril Cosmos, and Anu Iyer faced him defiantly. "Baba, what happened here?" Anu muttered, surveying the bodies of the auror detail with barely veiled horror. Babajide himself seemed to be looking for someone. The eyes of the Nigerian wizard finally came to lay upon the severed head of Bromophenol Blue. His eyes cloudy with rage, Babajide attacked the Dark Lord with ruthless abandon. Cyril and Anu could only watch as their leader charged Voldemort. The duel that followed was truly fierce. The Minister's house was located well outside of muggle-inhabited areas, and it had muggle repelling wards for a mile around, there was a wizarding village not too far away but for his own safety and peace, the Minister was a fair distance away from the village. The open terrain allowed Voldemort to truly release his magical power, unlike he could without risking buildings collapsing on himself in most other scenarios. A wave of darkness lifted the Dark Lord up and he rode it, hurtling towards Babajide. With a swish of his wand, he pierced the wave of darkness with a beam of light, forcing Voldemort to freefall towards the ground, catching himself in a net of darkness which released him onto the ground, almost on Babajide himself. The two wizards raised their wands simultaneously, their wands at each other's noses at the same time, both their mouths opening to speak an incantation. *** End of Chapter
An: Yikes! Time passes quickly! It seems like I was writing the last chapter 2 minutes ago and boom! It's been 3 days already. An2: I'm facing a couple problems with the keyboard on the laptop that I regularly use so I'm typing this on a different computer and it is kinda weird to get used to a different keyboard so this chapter will definitely be out later than it would have been otherwise, so sorry for the delay there. *** Present The Minister's house was located well outside of muggle-inhabited areas, and it had muggle repelling wards for a mile around, there was a wizarding village not too far away but for his own safety and peace, the Minister was a fair distance away from the village. The open terrain allowed Voldemort to truly release his magical power, unlike he could without risking buildings collapsing on himself in most other scenarios. A wave of darkness lifted the Dark Lord up and he rode it, hurtling towards Babajide. With a swish of his wand, he pierced the wave of darkness with a beam of light, forcing Voldemort to freefall towards the ground, catching himself in a net of darkness which released him onto the ground, almost on Babajide himself. The two wizards raised their wands simultaneously, their wands at each other's noses at the same time, both their mouths opening to speak an incantation. At that moment, just as they were both about to release a spell, Babajide change tactics and swiped out with his leg, tripping Voldemort who had not anticipated the physical assault. Babajide's knee came up to meet Voldemort's chin but just as he was about to deal the knockout blow, the figure of the Dark Lord seemed to flicker out of existence and appear a fair distance behind where Babajide was. The Death Eaters on the other hand were not staying still, choosing to attack Babajide from random directions, but being held off by Babajide's two companions. With wide sweeping theatrical motions, the Greek Wizard blew away Death Eaters casually, as they attempted to sneak up on the Nigerian Wizard locked in combat with their master. Anu looked at the fight between the two scarily strong wizards with concern. "Should we be helping him?" she asked, absent-mindedly flicking her wand to send a Death Eater flying into a tree. Cyrus frowned, "We would likely be little more than a hindrance." He noted wryly, "If Pierre was here, only he could hope to match either of those two." At this he gestured at the ongoing fight. Shards of darkness were flying in all directions, some of them impaled some of Voldemort's more careless Death Eaters, the rest being intelligent enough to be out of striking range, as they all turned around to take shots at the Nigerian Wizard, invariably missing or being dispelled by Babajide, but they were just a distraction. Voldemort was managing the shards of darkness entirely unconsciously, while also maintaining a barrage of spells, all directed at Babajide, barely paying his companions any mind. Despite his immense strength, Babajide was struggling against the casual might of Voldemort who wasn't even being overly serious but was just so overwhelmingly strong that the younger duelist was barely able to keep up with the Dark Lord. Voldemort yawned. With a start, Babajide realised that the Dark Lord was barely straining himself, sticking to casual duelling. Gritting his teeth, Babajide, summoned a large wave of water and jumped, landing gracefully on the top of the wave, flicking a single finger which sent a spark, turning the water to ice just below Babajide's feet, allowing him to ride the wave on a makeshift ice-surfboard of sorts. On this mount, he hurtled towards Voldemort, who finally looked mildly interested in the battle. Voldemort rose slowly on an even larger wave of shadows, which were similar to water in the way they flowed but were eerily sentient. Atop their magical mounts, the two Wizards took potshots at each other, sending extravagant waves of their respective elements at their opponent. Thanks to his massive magical might, Babajide was able to repel the strikes of darkness which were being sent at him by Voldemort, though struggling greatly in the process, but his own strikes seemed to be having little effect against his opponent. Frustrated, Babajide threw his entire magical might at Voldemort, not bothering to channel it into a spell, bursting pure magic at his opponent. "Baba!" Anu yelled, "You idiot!" In all her time having known him, Babajide had been an unflappable being, she had never seen anything which could drive him to such levels of recklessness. Pure magic was hard to control at the best of times, and it simply drained your magical core. To be sure, Babajide had enough mastery of magic not to drain himself dry, which could possibly have caused death, but if he drained himself even a little too much, he'd be too weakened to continue the fight against Voldemort, and if he wanted to deal any kind of significant damage to Voldemort, he would have to channel a significant amount of his magical core. In the past, even when Babajide was younger and had been heavily outclassed by certain opponents, he had never lost his cool to this extent, he would much rather retreat or take a safe loss than be reckless like he was being now, especially not in a scenario where if he couldn't defend himself, he could easily lose his life to the Dark Lord. 'Maybe,' Anu thought, pensievely, 'It's an effect of The Darkness'. Indeed The Darkness had been known to be able to control the thoughts and actions of people, though its lack of influence in recent time had for the most part limited its control to just those who willingly submitted themselves to The Darkness. It was definitely worrying if The Darkness had enough power to influence somebody as strong-willed as Babajide to this extent. Anu hoped fervently that she was entirely wrong, and her old friend was simply frustrated by the way the duel was so heavily stacked against him, but the more she thought of the Babajide she knew, the more certain she felt that this was not something he would do of his own free mind. 'The Darkness is willing Baba to do this, throw his all at it, and realise he's coming up short, it wants to envelop him in hopelessness.' Anu realised. Pure energy continued to shoot out of Babajide's hands, in a large steady burst, it hit Voldemort straight-on, cutting through the wave of darkness which had come up to protect the Dark Lord. A jet of darkness came to counter it but it was failing slowly, unfortunately, so was Babajide's strength, but he seemed to keep on pushing his magic into it. The stream of Darkness failed and the pure magic crashed into Voldemort. *** End of Chapter An: Cliffhanger...well kinda
An: I dunno how much of a cliffhanger it was in the last chapter, because it seems pretty obvious that for the sake of this story, there is only 1 outcome that is really possible but hey, there's some very cool stuff coming up pretty soon, this story is finally beginning to get really interesting, even if it's taken me nearly 70k words to get it here! VERY IMPORTANT NOTE, PLEASE READ: I have just gotten a very disturbing review from a user by the name of Arnie1702. He has written: "Reported. You have been found breaking of rules by TAPIR forum and you will be mass reported by us and you will be banned. Enjoy your ban rule breaker. Mach The Slewfoot, Admin of TAPIR forum." For those of you who don't know what TAPIR is, I didn't either, I've looked them up and they seem to be some kind of plagiarism forum for FFNet. Not only is it EXTREMELY offensive to me to be accused of plagiarism, I am also honestly not sure what the validity of that claim is. The review was left on my first chapter, indicating that the claimant didn't even READ my story before finding it to violate TAPIR guidelines. I believe that Arnie himself is likely a troll, but I don't know whether he has actually reported me to TAPIR or what, I haven't heard of them before this, and I honestly do not know whether this story is under danger of being taken down. I have put a significant amount of the last 2 years into writing this story. I know I'm not the best of writers, and most of you reading this likely know that too. However, I have always tried to write to the best of my ability, and I believe that, with the help of lots of constructive reviews, and a lot of practise at writing, I have become a far better writer than I was before. Whatever your opinion of my writing is, I do not mind it, I understand why people may not like what I write or how I write, that is completely okay with me, however, I would just like to say that everything that has been posted on this story has been written in its entirety by me. Nothing in any story of mine on FFNet has been plagiarised. That said, thanks to all of you who continue to read my work on this site, I hope you enjoy this chapter and the rest of this story, hell, I hope I am allowed to write the rest of this story. If anyone has any idea on how TAPIR works, or knows anything about what Arnie said, please PM me, I don't know how legitimately worried I should be. The only action I have taken is sending a PM to one of the mods of TAPIR. Sorry to all for the extremely long AN, but I am actually worried about this. Now, on with the chapter. *** Present Pure energy continued to shoot out of Babajide's hands, in a large steady burst, it hit Voldemort straight-on, cutting through the wave of darkness which had come up to protect the Dark Lord. A jet of darkness came to counter it but it was failing slowly, unfortunately, so was Babajide's strength, but he seemed to keep on pushing his magic into it. The stream of Darkness failed and the pure magic crashed into Voldemort. It hit the Dark Lord straight in the chest. Voldemort threw back his head and screamed, his body being flung far away from Babajide, leaving a scorching trail of destruction in its path. Babajide fell to his knees, his magic exhausted for the moment, completely spent from the exertion. Anu rushed over to him, catching the far larger man with little effort. Babajide's eyes rolled back into his head. Anu didn't know whether to be exasperated at her old friend or to rejoice in awe that The Darkness' greatest servant had just been taken down by Baba. The more pragmatic Cyril, approached what seemed to be the corpse of the Dark Lord lying far in the distance with a raised wand. It was a gruesome sight. The stream had cut through Voldemort's chest, there were obvious signs of burning, and blood and organs had gone flying everywhere. Ribs seemed to be cracked and Voldemort's neck was at an odd angle. Cyril lowered his wand in relief, leaning down to take Voldemort's pulse, just in case. Not feeling anything he got back up, turning his back to the corpse, beginning to yell something to his comrades who were still quite a way away, Anu supporting the unconscious body of Babajide. Then he heard something rustle behind him. Cyril turned, wondering whether some of the Death Eaters that fled upon assault from him and Anu had returned to check on their master. Cyril had not thought that there could be a more gruesome sight than that of Voldemort's dead body, but what appeared before him was perhaps even worse. The 'corpse' of Voldemort was standing on 2 feet, darkness swirled around it's chest, flowing in and taking the place of destroyed organs and coming out to sew the Dark Lord's chest shut. His broken neck snapped into place awkwardly, a shard of bone sticking out of his neck. "That wasn't very nice." Voldemort crooned, his broken body being held together by The Darkness. Shadows coalesced around the Dark Lord. Cyril stumbled back a few steps involuntarily, the magic radiating off Voldemort was enough to make the formidable wizard scared to the bone. The normally-brave Greek tried to apparate out, his comrades be damned, but after a second of trying felt like he'd run straight into a brick wall. The Greek Wizard whimpered in the face of the strongest force of evil he had ever faced. "Anu…" he whispered slowly, "ANU!" he yelled louder. The Indian witch looked towards him cheerfully before her smile faltered at the sight of the Dark Lord. Blades of darkness flew at Cyril. The Greek wizard moved out of instinct, despite his fear, a wall of rock emerging out of the ground to block the strikes, but shattering uselessly as The Darkness tore straight through his formidable defense like a hot knife through butter. Cyril let out a primal scream of pain as several knifes of Darkness tore into his skin. His well-trained mind brokenly noted that none of his injuries were fatal. The Dark Lord wanted to play with his prey. Cyril knew better than to pull out the knives of Darkness which were embedded all over his body. The Greek tried to drag himself to his feet, unable to stop the mewls of pain as he attempted to stand back up. His Indian companion had come running, her wand blazing, spells flying at magnificent rates, all of them extremely lethal. The body of Voldemort simply stood there, taking all the spells to his person. His bones crunched, his blood boiled and if the swelling in his chest indicated anything, his lungs turned inside out. Voldemort laughed, his boiling blood gushing out of his mouth. The Darkness enveloped him, standing in for bones and fixing his lungs. With a flick of his hand, bindings of Darkness flew from his hand to bind the Indian witch, who dove out of the way, having learnt from Cyril's takedown that there was no way in hell she could counter the Dark Lord's attacks herself. "Clever girl!" Voldemort said, as if talking to a favoured pet, vaguely gesturing with his hand, causing the restraints of Darkness to fly at Anu once more. A wall of fire met the darkness, but it seemed to flicker out of existence as it touched the magic of it's foe. The restraints flew into Anu, crashing her down to the floor, surely breaking at least a few of the witch's bones. Despite the obvious damage, the Indian witch didn't even flinch. Voldemort lazily made the restraints tighten around her to extreme levels, cutting into her skin. Anu didn't let out any sign she was affected by the bindings, choosing to glare at the Dark Lord with hateful eyes instead. "I have to punish the bad boys and girls!" Voldemort remarked, as if to explain his torture relative to the quick deaths of the aurors. With a flick of his wand, which he had drawn for the first time in this duel, he had placed Anu under the cruciatus curse. Despite not having shown any signs of pain to the arguably insane levels of pain the Dark Lord had already put her under, even Anu could not remain unfazed by the cruciatus. A screech of pain was drawn from her lips. Cyril, who had managed to get to his feet was feebly sending spells at Voldemort. With a flick of his wrist, the knives of Darkness still embedded in the Greek wizard all dissolved into nothingness, leaving his body to start bleeding out. Without another word, Cyril charged at the Dark Lord, swiping his wand aggressively, but to no avail. He was simply flung aside by the Dark Lord, who seemed to be getting bored of this whole ordeal. In her pain, Anu barely noticed the slight telltale pop of apparition accompanied by a sprightly "Good Morning!" being spoken by a cheerful voice. Anu turned her head as much as she could, the cruciatus curse on her having been momentarily dropped as Voldemort himself surveyed the new arrival. Anu's eyes finally landed on the poor soul who had landed up there at that very moment. Pierre Moreau. *** End of Chapter An: I would once again like to reiterate that if you have any idea what is up with the entire Arnie/TAPIR thing, please PM me.
An: In regard to yesterday's note, I would like to thank my reviewers for revealing the troll for what he is. On Swainbob142's recommendation, I checked out a story here on FFNet named 'The Never-Ending Saga of the Serial Plagiarist' by Megamatt09, which really cleared things up. You can check it out if you want. An2: I also contacted LadyRainFeather, who is an mod of TAPIR, who confirmed that Arnie is simply a troll and not a real mod or member of their forum. Thanks to her for the prompt reply clearing things up. TAPIR seems to be a legit plagiarism forum. An3: It seems that not only was Arnie1702 a troll, his name was copying a legitimate writer on this site, Arnie1701 who is an actual good writer. This is frankly quite infuriating behaviour, previous accounts of his have been banned, and with any luck, 1702 will be banned soon. With that said, on with chapter 57! *** Present In her pain, Anu barely noticed the slight telltale pop of apparition accompanied by a sprightly "Good Morning!" being spoken by a cheerful voice. Anu turned her head as much as she could, the cruciatus curse on her having been momentarily dropped as Voldemort himself surveyed the new arrival. Anu's eyes finally landed on the poor soul who had landed up there at that very moment. Pierre Moreau. "Ah, the Frenchman joins us, I thought you had run away like the rest of your people." Voldemort said mockingly, twirling his wand between his fingers, "Well, it's your lucky day, you get to join your playmates!" Voldemort sent shackles of Darkness at Pierre, but as they restrained the man, his body faded into dust. A kick to the back of his head alerted Voldemort to the real position of the French wizard. With a giggle the Dark Lord turned to face his enemy, "At least one of you has some brains." he said. Without a word, Pierre sent a wall of fire bursting at Voldemort, far hotter and fiercer than any such attack by his companions before him. Voldemort put up a wall of Darkness to block it, but even The Darkness, had to yield to the immense wall of fire, not dissipating but getting pushed back slowly. Pierre could have chosen to use the time he had gained to try and get an advantage over Voldemort, something he could certainly have used, but instead turned to his friends. The restraints on Anu had dissipated as the Dark Lord called all of the Darkness that he had to defend against Pierre's wall of fire. The Indian witch had gotten to her feet unsteadily. Pierre waved his wand deftly over Cyril, sealing up the many wounds that had been bleeding out just moments earlier. The sealings were not perfect by any stretch of the imagination, and were very vulnerable to attack, but they would stop the Greek wizard from bleeding out entirely before they got out of there. "Quick, we have to get out of here," Pierre said, "If I'd known it was this serious, I'd have been here a long time ago, what were you idiots thinking, taking on the Dark Lord without Baba!" "We weren't," Anu said, gesturing to the unconscious body of Babajide. Pierre cursed under his breath but couldn't say anything further because the Dark Lord had finally burst out of the fire, dispelling the entire thing with a boom that caused the ground under their feet to crack and sent shockwaves all the way into the Minister's house, which stayed upright only by the copious amounts of magical enchantments that prevented its downfall. Voldemort emerged, looking far more burnt than he had before, but once again enveloped in Darkness which kept his body going, stronger than ever. The Dark Lord held out both his hands, shadows forming in a spiral around them. With a boom, the shadows around his hands dispersed, moving so fast that they caused the air to ripple, flinging Pierre backwards. The French wizard caught himself a second after he was launched, and dropped to the ground gracefully before continuing the fight. Voldemort seemed to be a little distracted throughout the fight and finally came to a realisation. After sending a dragon of Darkness flying at the man, Voldemort pointed at him, "You, you are Nicholas Flamel!" Pierre stiffened, "I don't know what you're talking about," he said casually. "No, the old magic you are using," Voldemort said, "I can feel it, not even Dumbledore knew magic this old." "You are mistaken, Voldemort, if you think THIS magic is old, you don't know very much about magic itself," Pierre said, continuing his assault on the Dark Lord. "I am NOT WRONG!" Voldemort yelled in fury, Darkness swirling around him and pointlessly gouging the ground, as if he were throwing a temper tantrum, a highly lethal temper tantrum. Anu looked at Pierre in shock, "Is he telling the truth?" she said disbelievingly. "Of course I am, girl, Flamel isn't even bothering to disguise his face, he looks exactly as he does normally, the rest of you were pathetic to not recognise him for who he is." "Shut up." Flamel said, sending a whip of fire at Voldemort. Voldemort defended against the whip of fire before addressing Anu again, "Foolish girl, do not believe Flamel, besides, it's your fault for believing him entirely at face value." Anu felt a spike of anger and mistrust towards Pierre, for a second she felt like turning on her ally, attacking him with everything she had. How DARE he lie to her. Just a second later, however, she realised she was being influenced by The Darkness. The Indian witch took a deep breath and said, "It doesn't matter what his name is, I trust Pierre." The French wizard shot her a quick grin before jumping back into the fight. Suddenly, Anu heard Pierre's voice in her head. You two cannot help me in this fight, you would only hinder me, but even I myself cannot win this fight. It is only a matter of time until I will be overcome by the powers of The Darkness. By our location, I assume that you are protecting the home of the Minister, while I hold off the Dark Lord, go inside his house, get him and pick up Baba. You cannot currently apparate out of here, as I'm sure you have found already, you simply do not have the power to break through the Dark Lord's wards To combat this, I'm giving you a- The message was cut off abruptly as Pierre was slammed into a wall. Voldemort had a triumphant smile on his face, until Pierre emerged from amidst the rubble with barely a scratch on him. "You thought I had no protections on myself?" Pierre said casually, "Only you are that arrogant, Voldemort." Just before charging at Voldemort once more, Pierre's voice appeared in Anu's head once more. Squeeze it, it will give you the strength you need to apparate out of here. Before she could ask what it was, the voice in her head cut off and she saw Pierre jump at Voldemort, spells coming out of his wand, fire being directed by his other, he sent kicks of charged air, and punches of flame at his opponent. Amidst the chaos, Anu felt something very heavy settle into her pocket. She took it out of her pocket discreetly. It was a small disc made out of pure gold with runes all over it. In the centre was embedded a small ruby red shard which seemed to emanate power. Out of curiosity, Anu pressed down on it lightly and felt a surge of power go up her arm. Both duelists turned to look in her direction. Anu hid the disc hastily, running towards the Minister's house. Voldemort attempted to attack her directly, but Pierre got in the way, blasting him off course and sending the Dark Lord flying into a tree. "You're not getting at her until you get through me." the French wizard said, sending a spell at the ground directly beneath Voldemort, turning it to ice and causing his opponent to slip. Anu raced towards the Minister's house, Cyril hobbling behind her, apparently having received a message of some sort from Pierre as well. The Greek Wizard slung the unconscious body of Babajide over his shoulder, and after a bit of hesitation, picked up the body and head of the decapitated Bromophenol Blue, casting a featherlight charm on the load he was carrying. Just as Anu was about to enter the house of the Minister, the front door opened. Cornelius Fudge stood at the doorway with his hands on his hips and an irritated expression on his face, dressed in only a towel that was wrapped around his lower half, his large stomach overflowing out of the towel "Aurors!" he barked, "I thought I had made it clear I wanted no disturbances tonight" he said, "I wanted complete peace and-" The Minister finally registered the carnage laid out in front of him. "Well shit." he said, before an Avada Kedavra caught him straight in the chest. *** End of Chapter An: Mwahahahahaha, didya see that coming? (okay it wasn't THAT surprising, you may well have seen it coming)
*** Present Just as Anu was about to enter the house of the Minister, the front door opened. Cornelius Fudge stood at the doorway with his hands on his hips and an irritated expression on his face, dressed in only a towel that was wrapped around his lower half, his large stomach overflowing out of the towel "Aurors!" he barked, "I thought I had made it clear I wanted no disturbances tonight" he said, "I wanted complete peace and-" The Minister finally registered the carnage laid out in front of him. "Well shit." he said, before an Avada Kedavra caught him straight in the chest. As the spell flew from the wand of Voldemort, Pierre moved towards the deadly green beam of light, moving his hand to raise a wall of rock to absorb the blow. Voldemort sent shadows to hold down the defense Pierre had tried to place, holding it in place just long enough for the spell to hit the Minister before the wall burst out of the ground with excessive force. The Dark Lord cackled loudly, "The Minister for Magic is dead!" Cornelius Fudge crumpled to the ground, his eyes bulging outwards in surprise. For better or for worse, the Fudge Administration had come to an abrupt end. Voldemort waved his hand and darkness gathered around him once more. The Dark Lord release all of the shadows at once, causing them to fly outwards quickly, causing destruction on a large scale. With his quick thinking, Pierre put up a small magical shield to protect himself, his colleagues and the 2 dead bodies of Bromophenol and the Minister. Just as the assault ended, the shield crumbled into nothingness, having just about weathered the assault. Pierre took a look around. Destruction. Behind him the Minister's House was in ruins, the entire thing had been blown off it's foundation, bits and pieces of it lay all over the place. The trees and shrubbery had for the most part been ripped out of the ground and flung everywhere. No sign of Voldemort. Well shit. *** Later The scene of the crime was littered with Aurors, Babajide, Cyril, and Anu had been rushed to St Mungos to be treated for their injuries, and in Babajide's case, for magical exhaustion, which seemed to be quite severe with the amount of his magic that he had expended in the fight against Voldemort. As the only one from the ICW Team still in any kind of shape to answer questions, Pierre had been hounded with questions. The British Head of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Amelia Bones was a no-nonsense woman, very smart and a hard worker to boot. She had come personally to investigate the attack on the Minister's home once it had been reported. It wasn't quite dawn yet, the attack having commenced in the middle of the night, but the bags under her eyes didn't seem to dull Amelia Bones' senses, Pierre noted with respect. Rufus Scrimgeour, a seasoned senior Auror had accompanied Bones along with a 10-man Auror investigation team. While the rest of the Aurors gathered the destroyed bodies of their dead comrades, others moved to investigate the scene. Amelia herself, along with Rufus conjured themselves chairs and sat opposite Pierre. Bones was quick and to-the-point, "What happened here." she said calmly. "Voldemort attacked the Minister's home tonight." Pierre said calmly, noting Rufus' shudder at the name of the Dark Lord and Amelia's stoic lack of reaction. "That seems pretty obvious," Amelia said tersely, "It would be much appreciated if you could shed some more light on this situation, Mr Moreau." "I arrived later than the others, so I don't know the exact details of the assault, but Voldemort along with his Death Eaters attacked the Minister's home. Head Auror Bromophenol Blue had an enchanted stone, a device which could call the head of our ICW Inspection Team, Babajide Akingbade, in the case of an emergency. Baba himself sent Anu, Cyril, and I a message to meet him at the Minister's place. Baba exhausted himself magically in an attempt to take down the Dark Lord, while all the Death Eaters were forced to flee by Cyril and Anu. About that time, I joined Anu and Cyril to take on Voldemort. The plan was for Anu and Cyril to take Baba and get the Minister and escape while I distracted the Dark Lord, but the Minister chose that unfortunate moment to come out of his house," Pierre recounted grimly, "I tried my best to stop the curse, but Voldemort hit the Minister with an Avada Kedavra." At this, Pierre looked over at the dead body of the Minister, who had been covered with his own towel to protect his modesty, for the moment. Amelia massaged her head and sighed, "And what of my aurors?" she asked grimly, already anticipating the answer. "Dead." "All of them?" Amelia asked desperately. "All of them, including your Head Auror Brom." Pierre said, with regret in his voice, "I'm sure they put up a valiant fight, all of them, but they couldn't stand up to the might of the Dark Lord." Amelia nodded her head, taking a long sip of her strong coffee, "Off the books, Pierre?" The Frenchman nodded his consent. "How do you think the ICW will react to this?" Amelia continued. "Not well, I fear, Baba may have been on your side, but there is a large part of the ICW which is not fond of Magical Britain in the slightest, they will be spurred on by this, they will attempt to install an ICW leadership in Britain, and it doesn't seem like the British Magical Government is in any state to resist." Pierre looked at Amelia, "I don't even know whether the British Magical Government is in any kind of state to govern, no doubt Voldemort will attempt to take power in the vacuum of power that has been created by the death of Fudge, and the late Minister was simply surrounded by supporters of the Dark Lord, it would be only too easy to install a stooge who will not oppose him, then to simply walk into the Ministry after having, for all intents and purposes, taken over the entirety of Magical Britain." Amelia looked determined, "Whatever Voldemort plans, it will not get through, I promise. Despite the kind of people Cornelius surrounded himself with, there are honest and strong politicians in the Ministry, I know it! Whatever happens, we will hold out." *** End of Chapter
An: 400 Reviews! Thank you all for the reviews. They're always super awesome to read *** Hogwarts Albus Dumbledore was having a bad day. Bad days seemed to getting far more common for the old wizard, they were almost the norm at this point. Unfortunately for Albus, however, his day was going especially badly. He awoke to an owl from Amelia Bones, the head of British Magical Law Enforcement. Albus, Minister Fudge has been murdered, get to the Ministry quickly, Yours truly, Amelia Bones Head Dept. Magical Law Enforcement Albus felt a cold feeling of dread envelop him. This was bad. He absorbed the implications of the assassination very quickly. It was obvious that Voldemort would attempt to put a stooge into power, but even aside from that, the ICW's large anti-British faction would be all over this. They needed a new Minister and quick. *** Amelia Bones' office, DMLE, Ministry Amelia's office was not particularly large, smaller, in fact, than any of her predecessor's offices had ever been. For the most part, this didn't bother the head of the DMLE, if anything, she had come to like the comforting coziness of the small office, which along with a couple charms could be a very comfortable place to crash after pulling an all-nighter or getting involved in a late-night mission. Unfortunately, the small office was quite cramped when it came to having other people in it. The Ministry had fallen into chaos after the untimely death of the previous Minister, it was obvious that they needed to elect a new Minister, and quick, lest the ICW instal their own government in Magical Britain, but the two opposing halves of the Ministry were unable to come to an agreement. Magical Law stated that they had to hold a democratic election to vote in the next Minister for Magic but with no candidates actively running and the ICW on their tails, it was likely that the voting would be entirely blind and Amelia wouldn't put it past Lucius Malfoy to fill a lot of pockets to ensure that their stooge won the election. The Wizengamot was to meet the next day to discuss the details of the elections and who the candidates were. To get a candidate through the Wizengamot itself would be very hard, as the body was largely occupied by supporters of Voldemort and politicians savvy enough to know that opposing Voldemort's candidate likely held an untimely death for them in the near future. Of course the magical public were free to vote for whoever they wanted, but there was little to no chance of them voting in a Minister who wasn't officially endorsed by the Wizengamot, despite having done similar things for Albus Dumbledore in the past. Albus himself was unlikely to ever accept the post for Minister, and Amelia was a little glad for it. Smart as the old man was, she doubted he would do well as a Minister, despite his talent for politics, his personal philosophies would certainly affect his wartime policies, while with his incredible power, Albus could go around knocking people out, Aurors were generally not skilled enough to take out their opponents painlessly and refraining from seriously injuring their opponents would inhibit their skill and likely get many of them killed. With that said, Albus Dumbledore was still likely the greatest asset that the Light side of Magical Britain had on their side. Not only his immense magical prowess, which would no doubt be instrumental if they were to win a war, but also his ability to inspire hope in people, not to mention his immense political clout, every bit of which would be required to hold back the ICW and get sufficient aid from them. Presently, inside her office were the most important members of the light side at the Ministry. Arthur Weasley, head of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, along with a couple other department heads who Amelia wasn't very familiar with, but was confident in their support of the light. The ICW Team, consisting of Babajide Akingbade, Pierre Moreau, Anu Iyer, and Cyril Cosmos were all present. Cyril had been heavily bandaged and didn't look like he was in any way ready to be out of the hospital but he had point blank refused not being there and was sitting in a chair in the corner of the room. Her newly appointed Head Auror, in light of the unfortunate tale of Bromophenol Blue, Rufus Scrimgeour was also present, along with his new deputy, Kingsley Shacklebolt. The Head Healer from St Mungos, Bromophela Blue (related to Amelia's recently deceased Head Auror Bromophenol) was also present, and particularly furious at recent developments. The latest person to join their party was Albus Dumbledore himself, along with his own contingent, including the Lord Black, Arcturus, and the Lord Greengrass, Iliad. There were some suspicious looks cast at the two Lords, of traditionally dark and neutral houses, respectively, but a few smiles and confident looks from Albus later and most people in the room were comfortable with the two Lords. "We are here," Amelia began, now that the last of her invitees had finally arrived, "To discuss the future of the Ministry of Magic, after the untimely demise of the late Minister Fudge. In the situation that we are in currently, there is no doubt that the Dark side will attempt to install a stooge and block any attempt to put in place any other Minister. Under no circumstances can we allow this to happen, as it would be the same as handing Magical Britain to Voldemort on a platter, there would be no opposition to his rule once the Ministry had been taken over, short of the ICW." at this she gave Babajide a meaningful look. The Nigerian Wizard stood up, "There is no doubt that the ICW will be shortly taking some action at the most recent developments," he said, "An emergency meeting has been called, the 4 of us as well as Albus will be there. It is very likely that, unless you can find a competent Minister to allay our worried, the ICW will send someone of their own choosing to hold the position until this war is over. You must understand that the ICW's top priority is to stop this war from spreading at all costs, and to shut down Voldemort as fast as possible, and that, as well as the large anti-Britain contingent means that you will have to act quickly to avoid a takeover. I would however ask that you treat that possibility with an open mind, if it does come to having an ICW-appointed Minister, we will do our best to install a competent open-minded Minister who will be willing to work with you and do his or her best to put an end to the war with Voldemort. At any rate, it may not be the best possible situation, but it'd be a whole lot better than any figure appointed by the Dark." Amelia frowned, "Be that as it may, it is an extremely desperate option, there will be too much pushback to the autonomy of the British being overtaken by the ICW, there would be no trust between our people or our troops, and more would be persuaded to join Voldemort." Amelia took a deep breath, "In your opinion, who do you think would be the best option to run for Minister, who can conceivably win the vote but also assuage the fears of the ICW." she asked seriously. Babajide was silent for a long second, giving a glance to his own companions and Dumbledore, all of whom gave him a slight nod. The Nigerian Wizard looked at Amelia. "You." *** End of Chapter
An: It's been a while since we've been with Harry, so here goes this one. *** Present, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry It may have been a hectic couple of days outside of Hogwarts, but inside the ancient institute of magic, school plodded on at it's usual pace. That isn't to say that Hogwarts was boring, of course, but it was for the most part sticking to its usual routine. Whispers of fear were starting to invade the castle, slowly, but for the moment, the threat of Voldemort didn't quite seem real. The clique of Slytherins who Harry had mentally dubbed 'The Death Nibblers', made up mostly of Death Eaters' kids, had been acting strangely, but Harry wasn't surprised, what with the return of the Dark Lord and all. It may not quite have sunk in for a large amount of the population of Hogwarts, but Harry was sure that Voldemort's return was almost too real for the Death Nibblers, considering how intimately most of their parents were involved with the Dark Lord. The previous day, they seemed more skittish than usual, and the next morning, Harry finally found out why. As he usually did, Harry woke early to exercise, he met up with Hermione in the common room, and the two best-friends made their way to the Room of Requirement, outside of which, Daphne Greengrass was waiting for them. "Finally." Daphne said, somewhat impatiently. Harry focussed less on the sentiment itself and more on the fact that she was comfortable enough to show any emotion in front of him and Hermione at all, feeling happy at the realization. The group entered the Room of Requirement and exercised for about an hour, Harry leading, as the most experienced with the routines they were following. After their exercises, they made their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast. They were relatively early, as they always were, but there were usually at least a dozen or so early birds who came down for breakfast early to enjoy the silence, as well as Albus and Arcturus who were always down early, having discussions over coffee and newspapers, sometimes accompanied by McGonagall, who also made a habit out of coming early to breakfast. Knowing this, Harry and Hermione were surprised to find that neither Arcturus nor Albus were in the room. All of the early birds, who were usually divided over their house tables, more often than not, most of them from the Ravenclaw table, but today, Harry found them all huddled at the Hufflepuff table in the middle, sitting together, extremely unusual behaviour. With a frown, Harry made a beeline for the Hufflepuff table. "Terry," Harry greeted one of his yearmates in the huddle, "Where're Dumbledore and Black, and what's up with the huddle." Terry Boot's face was unusually white and he simply handed Harry a copy of the Daily Prophet. VOLDEMORT ATTACK LEAVES MINISTER FUDGE AND 6 AURORS DEAD, ICW MEMBERS INJURED Harry didn't bother to read the rest, racing over to Hermione and Daphne, throwing the newspaper at them, "We have to go to Iliad's quarters." he said, as he rushed in the general direction of the Greengrass Lord's temporary room. His two friends followed him to Iliad's room. Giving the password, Harry rushed in but found the room empty. It now seemed obvious that Albus, Arcturus, and Iliad had all gone to deal with the situation. With a sigh, they returned to the Great Hall, and started eating breakfast, morosely. As more people filtered in, obliviously happy until they read the newspaper, Harry felt the atmosphere at Hogwarts change. Voldemort was back. They knew it before this too, of course, but it had set in. They were in a war. The mood continued through the rest of the day, Harry and Hermione went to their classes, and the Professors definitely made an attempt to remain cheery in the face of this disaster, but for the most part they were having a hard time of it, with all the students obviously distraught and unable to really focus on any classwork or anything not related to the Voldemort attack. Binns seemed to be the only Professor entirely unaffected by the news, continuing to drone on. The only difference was that there was nobody in the class sleeping, everyone using the time to contemplate more recent history. Snape seemed to be more grim than usual, but continued teaching in his usual style. McGonagall took one look at the class and her eyes softened. "Transfiguration," she announced, "is an art which requires a large amount of concentration to do safely and accurately, and I don't think any of us are in a frame of mind to concentrate on it, so we're going to have a different kind of lesson." "Nym!" McGonagall called a house-elf, "Get a cup of hot chocolate for all the students." The house-elf did as instructed, and within a quick couple seconds, cups of hot chocolate and biscuits popped in front of all the students in the room. "This is your chance to speak your mind if you want," McGonagall said, "Whatever it is you want to talk about, although I suspect there is only really one subject we will be encroaching today, just raise your hand and speak, we will all listen and no-one," at this she looked at the entire class warningly, "will judge. If you wish to just contemplate on your own, you are not required to contribute to this discussion, but I'm afraid school rules require you to stay inside this classroom." the Professor finished. The rest of the class passed by, as people spoke of their fears and insecurities, a large amount of them, Harry found, had been affected by the previous war, whether it be the loss of a family member or simply something as simple as a family property which had been destroyed by Voldemort. More still were terrified of wartime, from the stories that they had been told of the horrible times by their parents who had lived through it. At the end of the lesson, McGonagall looked around at all her students, "I hope you're feeling better now," she said simply, "Chapter 12 from your textbook is for homework." *** End of Chapter
An: Well, here's a lightish chapter to round off this untied plot-thread. I realised a bit late that the entire TriWizard Tournament thing would go entirely unused because I pushed up the Return of Voldemort to the first task, so here, at least I got one hopefully-fun chapter out of the rest of the tournament. *** Breakfast, Great Hall, Hogwarts Despite the fast-approaching war, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang were still stuck at Hogwarts, held under the threat of losing their magic if they didn't abide by the terms and conditions of the Goblet of Fire. Harry had wondered whether the tournament would continue considering the events that had taken place. It was obvious that with the apparent power that Voldemort had displayed, it was entirely unsafe to continue holding the TriWizard Tournament, for all they knew, the Dark Lord would just kidnap Harry one more time, and this time, with himself at full strength, would not let Harry get away so easily. Harry wanted to bring this up with Arcturus or Albus, but both seemed to be perpetually busy, preparing for the war, whether it be through the Ministry meetings held by Madam Bones that Harry had heard rumors of, or training the existing aurors to be actually competent and perhaps of some use in the war. Their training seemed to be in large part on their own these days, neither Albus nor Arcturus had the time to be training Harry, Hermione, and Daphne. Daphne's father, Iliad was present of course, though he too seemed to be exceedingly busy, organising the allies of the Greengrass house to help in the war against Voldemort, and gathering contacts to see whether he could glean any information on the plans of the Dark Lord going forward. He was usually back in the evenings and duelled Harry and even the other two to help them train. Iliad was truly ruthless, he was far from the skill level of Albus or Arcturus, but he didn't hold back on Harry at all, he fought to his full ability at all times, leading to many painful ass-kickings for Harry. Harry had asked him about the TriWizard tournament, but the Greengrass Lord had truthfully replied that he had no idea what was going to happen about that. With this on his mind, Harry went for breakfast to the Great Hall, along with Hermione and Daphne. Harry noted with surprise that for the first time in quite a while, Arcturus was present in the Great Hall. It had been quite a while since the Lord Black had made an appearance, his classes usually being covered by the dour and spiteful Severus Snape. What was slightly more surprising was that he was standing in front of the Headmaster's podium. Arcturus cleared his throat, "It has been a great honour for Hogwarts to have hosted Beauxbatons and Durmstrang for the TriWizard Tournament," he began, "However the current wartime climate in Magical Britain makes it entirely too unsafe for the TriWizard Tournament to continue. The first task was exploited to kidnap a student of this school and we cannot risk something similar happening to any of the other contestants or Mr Potter himself." Arcturus paused, watching as murmurs broke across the hall. "Unfortunately, the Goblet of Fire demands that the terms of its contract be met lest the magic of the competitors be stripped from them. We have to honour the two remaining tasks as well as 1 mandatory ball which must be attended by all of the champions." at this a ghost of a smile spread across the face of the old Lord Black, scarily reminiscent to that of Sirius', "Professor Dumbledore has decided that, to combat this threat as well as bring some much needed levity to this school, the second task of the TriWizard Tournament will be a game of exploding snap, with the immediately following third task will be arm-wrestling. After that, the champion with the most points wins Professor Dumbledore's favourite hat, and an impromptu ball will be held to celebrate their victory." Not even Harry could keep a straight face at the outlandish proposal, a wry smile playing across the lips of Arcturus himself. "For round 2 of the TriWizard, can Harry Potter, Fleur Delacour, and Victor Krum please join me?" Arcturus said, waving his wand, causing the 4 house tables to move to the sides, letting the students regard the centre of the hall, where, with another couple deft waves of his wand, a large stage rose from the ground, along with a large table and 3 chairs. Harry, Fleur, and Victor fought valiantly in their game of exploding snap, but it was only a matter of time till Harry's luck caught up with him and his entire pile of cards exploded up into his face. Victor went on to win the game of snap, with Fleur coming second and Harry finishing dead last. However, apparently, he had been awarded full marks for his performance against the dragon, taking all factors, including his kidnapping and escape, into account, which Harry thought was more than a little biased but didn't care enough to contest. This meant that him and Krum were tied for top spot heading into the third task. The arm-wrestling competition ended up going far different than Harry thought it would. Harry himself was obviously quite fit and sufficiently strong, his training wasn't only magical after all, one has to train a good body to have large magical reserves and ability, not to mention the huge advantages it gave him in duels to be just that little bit faster and stronger than his opponents. Victor Krum was a Quidditch player, which meant his fitness levels were at least far above average, Harry wondered whether he'd be able to best the older boy in the third task. Fleur Delacour had shown herself to be highly capable of magic, and had impressed Harry quite a bit with her magic, but was nonetheless a very fragile-if-beautiful girl, Harry didn't anticipate her being the strongest of opponents without her magic. What ended up going down was a little different than imagined. Harry beat Victor relatively easily, mildly surprised at the weakness of the Quidditch player, who simply shrugged and said, "I play seeker, we do not need to be strong." What was even more surprising was the fact that Fleur Delacour wiped the floor with Krum, moving onto Harry in a heartbeat. Harry grasped the hand of the veela, still surprised by Krum's loss, only to find his own hand pinned against the table merely a second later. "With full points in the third task," Arcturus announced, "Fleur Delacour is the winner of the TriWizard Tournament!" *** Later that day Arcturus had, on Dumbledore's authority, cancelled the rest of classes that day to make way for the 'impromptu ball' which had taken place. The Weird Sisters had been brought it to play on very short notice, Harry wouldn't be surprised if they had been slipped a 'little' bribe from Arcturus' nearly limitless pockets (both figuratively and literally). As the ball came to an end, Harry stood by the Lord Black looking out at the population of Hogwarts, Durmstrang, and Beauxbatons. Harry looked up at Arcturus and spoke softly with a small smile. "Thank you." *** End of Chapter
*** Later It had taken much persuasion to convince Amelia Bones that she would be the Light's best shot at installing a Minister for Magic, but that was only the first step in a long and boring political process involved in trying to get Amelia into the Minister's office. It had been a long and tiresome publicity campaign, and Amelia was running against Lucius Malfoy as well as one third party candidate named Pius Thicknesse. None of the members of the Light had had Pius on their radar, as a follower of Voldemort or otherwise, but had decided it was probably safer to have Amelia in the top spot rather than an entirely unknown figure. While Amelia was pretty well-liked as the DMLE head, there were too few people in Magical Britain who followed magical politics enough to know exactly who she was or how competent she was. Their campaign for the most part involved the war effort, they posed Amelia as the perfect candidate to take Voldemort and the war by the horns, which she, in a sense, was. Death Eater raids had continued though Voldemort himself hadn't been seen since the attack on the home of Minister Fudge, possibly healing his near-destroyed husk of a body. Babajide had called for a significant force of aurors from the Nigerian Magical Ministry. The ICW had yet to pass a judgement on the Wizarding War, the motion having been delayed for a month by the combined political force of Dumbledore and Babajide, but they had also yet to provide any forces to aid the war, thankfully, they hadn't been able to call Babajide and his team back, so they were still there, aiding the war, along with a battalion of Nigerian troops, who Babajide had commanded with his incredibly significant influence in Nigeria. The Nigerian Troops, along with Amelia's own aurors, who were being heavily trained by Arcturus, as well as Babajide, Cyrus, Anu, and Pierre who were all working tirelessly to prevent and fight back against these raids, which were against a variety of Magical settlements, usually not the big hotspots, but just the small places across the country where a large portion of Magical Britain's population resided in small communities. Publicly, Amelia had been able to take full credit for the admirable fightback against the forces of the Dark Lord. While they hadn't been able to do away with as large a chunk of Voldemort's forces as they would've hoped, due to quick escapes which the Death Eaters were remarkably good at, they had been able to protect and save many a wizarding township, which had earned them a lot of goodwill across Magical Britain. The election was held just over a month later, and the results ended up being far different than anything the light could have imagined. Lucius Malfoy seemed to have been ditched altogether, even by the dark faction, having next to no votes at all, far less than he would have gotten simply for being the Dark Lord's candidate. Pius Thicknesse on the other hand, had gotten a scarily large amount of the vote, it was obvious the dark side had thrown their chips behind him while his own publicity campaign had resulted in a fair few people voting for him. Thankfully for the light, Amelia had ended with a slightly higher vote-count, just over a hundred votes more than Thicknesse. *** Amelia's Office Babajide entered with a big smile and a bottle of champagne, "Congratulations Minister Bones!" he said enthusiastically, handing her the bottle of champagne, and waving his wand, creating a bouquet of flowers out of thin air to hand to the new Minister. Amelia smiled, "I don't want the role and you know it." she said. "With you in office, we can finally give the ICW a kick to the backside and get some help around here." Babajide said. "What about you, are you and your team going to stay on in Britain? You've been incredibly useful, we couldn't replace you with anybody." Babajide laughed, "I would not miss out on this war for anything, worst comes to worst, I would have to retire from the ICW, and request your International Affairs department for an auror visa, with my auror credentials." he said, "I cannot speak for Cyril, Anu, or Pierre, but I have no doubt that they would also wish to stay on here, each one of them is a staunch supporter of the Light, and they have all been drawn into the conflict here, and not one of them is the type to leave a job half-done." he said. "Of course not." said the voice of Anu Iyer behind him, as the Indian witch entered the room with a grin, and slapped the new Minister on the back, "Congratulations Amelia, I knew you had it in you." Cyril Cosmos followed the Indian witch into the room, also with a smile, flicking his wand to conjure classes, and unsolicitedly poured himself a glass of Babajide's champagne, "What she said." Albus was next to arrive, along with Iliad, "Arcturus will be a little late, he's still working your aurors to the bone." he said to explain the Black Lord's absence. Iliad snorted, "They're all a bunch of weaklings, with a few exceptions, Potter could take out half the bloody department." "Now now, Iliad, I would like to think of that as as much of a reflection on Harry's skill as of the incompetence of the aurors." Dumbledore said, lightly before offering Amelia a hand, which she shook, "Congratulations Amelia, you have done the Wizarding World a big favour today." he said more seriously, "I hope that this is the turning point of this war." Amelia smiled, "I hope so too." "Don't we all." Babajide said, as more members of the Light came into the room, congratulating Amelia before taking a seat. As Rufus Scrimgeour entered, Amelia walked over to him and handed him a badge. The Head Auror raised an eyebrow in questioning. "Congrats Rufus, you're the new head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement." Amelia said with a smirk. Rufus' eyes widened, before a smile broke across his face, "Thank you Amelia, I know how important this role is, especially during wartime, I will do my best to continue this fight with the might and intelligence that I know you would." *** End of Chapter
An: Sorry for the lack of updates recently, I'm still not very busy, just been sinking hours into Civ6 and reading and stuff. *** International Confederation of Wizards, Emergency Conference Albus took his place behind the podium of the Supreme Mugwump and cleared his throat. "We are assembled here today to discuss the ICW's course of action in the war against Lord Voldemort, considering the recent assassination of the British Minister Cornelius Fudge, and the recent appointment of Amelia Bones in his place." Dumbledore said, "Once again, as a speaker in this debate, I would like to temporarily hand my position as Supreme Mugwump to Babajide Akingbade." The Aforementioned Nigerian Wizard shook his head, "No, Albus, I would like to speak on this issue as well." With just a hint of surprise, Albus blinked, "Well then, I temporarily yield my position as Supreme Mugwump to Greek Delegate Cyril Cosmos." The Greek Wizard nodded his acceptance and took Albus' place at the Supreme Mugwump Podium, "As Albus has already rightly stated, we are here to discuss our actions in light of the happenings in Magical Britain. As head of the ICW taskforce set out to tackle this very matter, I would like to ask Mr Akingbade to give his opinion of the current administration in Britain and his take on what actions this committee should take." Babajide rose and began his speech, "While the British Ministry in general reeks of the type of corruption that I despise, I have high hopes for their current administration. I shall not speak ill of the dead, but Minister Fudge's wartime policies left much to be desired. I have worked with Amelia Bones in her previous capacity as Head of Law Enforcement where she maintained discipline and which she deployed effectively to combat the forces of Voldemort. In my view, it is undeniable that Amelia Bones is one of the few factors that has kept the British resistance against the control of Voldemort alive and kicking. Her victory in the election means that Magical Britain will continue it's fightback against the Dark Lord and will no doubt cooperate with the ICW as long as it doesn't threaten the country's right to self-govern," at this Babajide gave a long glance at Moutinho, the delegate of Brazil, "I believe that it is high time that the ICW really join this fight, as the British Ministry cannot handle power the likes of which the Dark Lord has and his armies that have recruited not only dark wizards but also the support of the werewolves, vampires, and giants as well as many other dark creatures. I believe that the ICW should send a force of peace-keepers to work alongside the British Magical Ministry, and I would also like to personally volunteer myself to lead the peace-force." Babajide bowed slightly and sat down as the room burst out in whispers once more. Moutinho spoke up, "The peace-keepers are meant for exactly that, keeping peace. While they are trained in combat, their main duty is to prevent fighting in places where hostility is prevalent. They have no business doing what is essentially fighting a war." Albus rose to counter him, "While the delegate of Brazil may be right in his statement that the intent of the peace-keepers is not to propagate fighting and is to maintain the peace, the threat of the Dark Lord transcends British boundaries, the very existence of Voldemort is a threat to peace of any kind in this world, peace-keepers are trained in combat so that they CAN fight back if it is absolutely necessary and it is easy to see that Voldemort will not permit the ICW to remain neutral, it's only a matter of time until this matter escalates to the point where we will be forced to fight him, and it will be far easier to try and nip this in its bud in Britain than let the influence of Voldemort and by extension The Darkness spread all over the world." The debate continued for a fair bit of time but eventually ended in the favour of Britain. "We are decided then," Cyril declared, "A force of peace-keepers shall be deployed to Magical Britain under the command of Babajide Akingbade and his taskforce which consists of myself, Indian ex-auror Anu Iyer and frenchman Pierre Moreau." There was a fair few differing opinions in the ICW who didn't think that sending peace-keepers to the aid of Britain was the best way to progress but they were outnumbered by the number of delegates who supported Britain or at the very least were opposed enough to Voldemort to vote in favour of Babajide's proposal despite whatever misgivings they themselves had to the plan. Albus breathed a sigh of relief as he had been very afraid of the possibility of the Bones Administration ending up fighting a war on two fronts, against the ICW and the forces of Voldemort which would almost definitely have ended in the government being crushed politically and militarily, despite the resilience of Amelia and her ilk. Babajide had ended up being invaluable, both politically and magically, providing the edge that Albus hadn't foreseen, keeping the light ahead of where Albus had thought they would be. The Nigerian Wizard was on their side and would work with Amelia and her aurors, and Albus was sure that under their combined leadership, they were sure to make advancements on the forces of the Dark. That wasn't to say that Albus wasn't worried for the times that were about to come, he was surprised that Voldemort himself had made very few appearances himself which had certainly helped the Light as for the most part, they didn't have very many wizards who could even hope to hold off the Dark Lord temporarily, Albus himself, along with Arcturus and possibly Amelia herself, notwithstanding. Still, a victory was a victory, and while they couldn't stop to celebrate their current situation, Albus felt hope spring up. Hope that they could hold up against the storm that was Voldemort. Hope that they could win. *** End of Chapter
An: 450 reviews, 800 favourites, AND 1200 follows, it's like milestone day! *** Hogwarts For Harry, the seasons seemed to pass by in the blink of an eye. Along with his schoolwork, his training had also been as intense as ever, mostly under the vigilant eye of Iliad who had been in charge of the training of Harry, Hermione, and Daphne while Albus and Arcturus were busy helping out at the Ministry. Arcturus' role as Professor of Defence had been taken over by Iliad temporarily while Arcturus was busy honouring other commitments, while McGonagall who had already been doing a bulk of the administration mode just quietly picked up the slack left by Albus, still officially in her role as Deputy Headmistress but for all intents and purposes keeping the school running in Albus' absence. The war itself had seemed much colder than they had expected, with Voldemort not making a single appearance after his surprise attack on Fudge. Death Eaters had continued their sporadic attacks on Magical British territories but none of the Inner Circle were ever involved with attacks, sending mostly cannon fodder out to terrorise villages and keep the Death Eater name up, but they didn't really spend any time fighting Amelia's forces, choosing to run away as soon as Aurors arrived on the scene. With the help of Amelia's policies, pushed through as a wartime Minister, and the competence of Babajide who had basically taken over heading the forces of the Ministry by virtue of Rufus Scrimgeour working in close proximity to him and letting him command the DMLE's forces when necessary, the Aurors' responses to attacks was nearly instantaneous. As soon as Death Eaters struck, the Aurors were there to fight them off, so the Death Eaters worked fast. They arrived, sent a few large-scale exploding curses and then high-tailed it. The Aurors were able to catch a lot of the Death Eaters, but they found that a large amount of them were just random citizens imperiod into doing the bidding of the Death Eaters, sometimes with a small contingent of Death Eaters who had taken the Dark Mark, usually maybe 2 or 3. Harry himself had only intermittently gotten news on the situation from Arcturus and Albus when they were at Hogwarts, whether for some administrative duty or simply taking a little bit of time off from coordinating the war effort. Other than that, he was largely forced to rely on the news which reported on the raids but not much else. As May turned to June, Harry found himself feeling more tense. "Have you noticed," Harry began, as he and Hermione walked from their last class of the day to the Room of Requirement to train with Iliad, "That in first AND second year, Voldemort has always unleashed his 'master plan' in June?" Hermione frowned, "What kind of crackpot observation is that?" "It's true though!" Harry protested, "It's like Voldemort follows a school calendar, and look at the situation now, he's done jack squat in the last couple months, maybe he's just been waiting for June!" "Why would he wait?" Hermione said logically, "You know that he doesn't have to 'bide his time and nurture his power'" she said in air-quotes, "He's already scarily strong and from what Professor Dumbledore has told us, he can brush off injuries easily with the help of The Darkness." "Yeah, but it's June! Come on, it's like Voldemort primetime!" Hermione rolled her eyes as Daphne caught up to them from behind. "Hey" The Slytherin greeted Harry and Hermione. "Hiya Daphne, what's up?" Hermione asked. "Not much, what about you?" Daphne responded casually. "Did you know it's Voldemort Prime Time!" "...What?" *** Hogwarts Express Despite Harry's conviction that something would happen in June, the rest of the year passed quite uneventfully. Harry, Hermione, and Daphne were on the Hogwarts Express, headed back for the summer. Hermione was going back to her parents' place but would be spending a month of the vacation at Black Manor where Harry was returning to. After the siege on Greengrass Manor, Iliad had basically lived out of Hogwarts, while his wife had been placed in Black Manor on Dumbledore's word. For the summer, him and Daphne would be joining Harry and Sirius at Black Manor too. The Manor was a large estate that was more than large enough to easily hold a dozen people and still have room to spare, so hosting all the people that would be coming would not be a problem. Despite the lack of recent attacks, there was a peacekeeper detail on the train in the case of an attack on what amounted to most of the entirety of Magical Britain's children, led by a Greek man named Cyril Cosmos who had introduced himself to the student body at Hogwarts before they left to be contacted in case of any kind of emergency on the train. Harry knew Iliad was also on the train if his help was necessary, which is why he was not overly worried when he felt the train lurch awkwardly far to the left before magically righting itself. Hermione let out an "eep!" of surprise and looked out the window to see two dozen Death Eaters on brooms circling the train, taking potshots at the wards that protected the train. As they peered out the window, a patronus, some kind of owl, Harry noted, burst into their cabin. Iliad's voice came out of the patronus, "Harry, Hermione, Daph," it began, "We will take care of this situation, we have a very good squad here and backup is on its way as we speak, I know that you will want to help in some way but we have this under control and putting yourself at risk is only going to increase the chance of the Dark Lord himself coming to take control of this matter, something that we are NOT ready to deal with at this moment, so you will stay put, am I understood?" the Greengrass Lord finished sternly. The patronus faded to nothingness. Hermione sighed, "Well, I guess we just have to wait for things to be handled then." Harry smiled mischievously before pulling a piece of parchment out of his bag and folding it into a paper plane deftly before tapping it with his wand and muttering an animation spell before muttering another one that Hermione didn't quite recognise, "Rem Fenestra" before letting it fly out of the window of the Hogwarts express. Harry pulled out another piece of parchment and used another spell, "Ostende Fenestra" before the page rippled to show a moving view, like a video, from the point of view of the paper plane, or at least the bottom of it which Harry had tapped with his wand. "We can watch some of the fun." Harry grinned. The view wasn't quite the best but the plane continued to roughly stay with the train as Harry's magic willed it to be in the general area of the action. They watched the Death Eaters continue their assault until a similarly sized contingent of flying peacekeepers came to take on the Death Eaters. Unlike previous operations, however, the Death Eaters didn't retreat or back down at all, instead choosing to confront the peacekeepers head on. While this new contingent continued to battle the forces of the Dark Lord in the air, the peacekeepers began patrolling the train itself. One of them popped her head into Harry and co's cabin. "Keep this door shut and locked with the strongest spell that you know." she instructed calmly, "if you aren't aware of any, go for Janua Bene, it isn't penetrable by the Alohomora charm." she said before exiting and continuing on her way. Hermione performed the spell on their door while Harry and Daphne continued to stare at the piece of parchment. The Death Eaters seemed to be doing a fairly decent job against the peacekeepers, but they certainly didn't seem to be gaining any ground, and as more peacekeeper forces seemed to appear, it certainly seemed like the Death Eaters would be forced to retreat or be picked off one by one by the greater forces of the light. As the battle raged on and more Death Eaters joined to inflate the numbers of their comrades, Harry suddenly heard a loud screech before the train lurched once more, this time towards the right. Unlike the last time, the train didn't immediately right itself, leading to Harry, Hermione, and Daphne all slipping rightwards along with all their baggage, with the Express just about righting itself with a slow groan before an even harder shock hit it. Harry willed his paper-plane to fly to the other side of the Express, only to find an even larger Death Eater force, all on brooms, along with someone who could only be the Dark Lord himself, floating alongside the train on what seemed to be a pillar of Darkness. The Dark Lord raised his arm and an arm of Darkness rose and grasped the train, trying to wrench it off its tracks once again, the magic that held the train en route resisting the push of the Dark Lord, the Express glowing a bright blue, as invisible runes lit up, providing power and the wheels screeched as they were detached from the tracks that they were being tied to by magic. With a large grunt, the Dark Lord redoubled his efforts, pouring what seemed to be all of the Darkness that he had under his control into the effort to uproot the train, the support that kept him flying reducing to the bare minimum as the train stopped abruptly and began to rock violently as its magic tried to keep it at the very least on its tracks. As soon as the Express stopped, about a third of the Death Eaters peeled off from the fight with the peacekeepers and beelined for the entrances to the Express, while their comrades continued to hold back the peacekeepers at any cost, many of them being torn down as the peacekeeper forces gained an advantage but weren't quite able to push past the Death Eaters, being forced to deal with them before pursuing the ones who were approaching the train. Harry watched as the Death Eaters who had gone for the train wrenched open the doors, to be met by more peacekeepers who had been strategically placed at entrances to counter the incoming Death Eaters and met them with a heavy barrage of spells that drove them out of the train, taking down a large number of the Dark Lord's combatants. Harry smiled slightly as Iliad single-handedly dealt with three of the Death Eaters on his own, even as more tremors wracked the train, the Dark Lord too occupied in his task to aid his own Death Eaters. Harry's smile wavered slightly, as in an awe-inspiring show of power, the Dark Lord pulled the magical train up and off its tracks, as the wards protecting the Hogwarts Express flickered and went out, simply overpowered by the sheer might of the Dark Lord. Voldemort set the train down about a hundred metres away from its tracks with a heavy thud, peacekeepers and Death Eaters alike swerving on their brooms to get out of the way of the massive train. Harry, Hermione, and Daphne braced for impact as the train was set down with a thud. Hermione had the foresight to place a cushioning charm so the three of them didn't feel the worst of the impact like some of the other students on the Hogwarts Express undoubtedly had, probably injuring and/or incapacitating a fair number of the school's students, which was undoubtedly something that the Dark Lord was counting on. Suddenly, Cyril Cosmos' voice reverberated through the train, his voice magically magnified, "The Dark Lord himself has been spotted outside the Hogwarts Express, and as such our priority has been shifted from repelling this attack and keeping on track to evacuating all students, as such members of my team will come around to portkey you out of here cabin by cabin, if there is a knock on your door, members of my team will follow that up with the password which is 'Elephant', if they do not say that, do NOT let anybody into your cabins, stay calm and we shall evacuate in an orderly fashion" "This got serious real fast." Daphne said grimly. However, Harry wasn't listening to her, he was looking at his parchment turned screen. The paper airplane had flown a little close to the Dark Lord. Voldemort's red eyes looked straight at the little plane before he lifted a single finger and a tendril of Darkness pulled the piece of folded parchment-origami close to him. He touched the parchment with a single finger and suddenly the image began flickering before Harry saw an image of himself, Hermione, and Daphne reflected up at him, before it returned to an image of the Dark Lord. Voldemort smiled, "Harry Potter!" he said with mock excitement before crushing the paper airplane. *** End of Chapter An: Thanks again for all the milestoney thingies, here's an extra-long chapter as a surprise cool-thing.
An: I didn't know before I posted it, but with the last chapter, TIP is past 80k words! Woooooo! *** Present Voldemort's red eyes looked straight at the little plane before he lifted a single finger and a tendril of Darkness pulled the piece of folded parchment-origami close to him. He touched the parchment with a single finger and suddenly the image began flickering before Harry saw an image of himself, Hermione, and Daphne reflected up at him, before it returned to an image of the Dark Lord. Voldemort smiled, "Harry Potter!" he said with mock excitement before crushing the paper airplane. Despite having just pulled the Hogwarts Express straight off its tracks, Voldemort was only the slightest bit winded. More peacekeeper troops seemed to flood in, helping hold the perimeter of the train, while their compatriots went inside the train. Realising their plan to evacuate the students, Voldemort smirked, simply waving his hand, installing anti-apparition and anti-portkey wards around the train specifically, if they wanted to escape, they would have to come out of the train. Seeing his Death Eaters struggle and their numbers dwindle against the might of the peacekeeper force, Voldemort waved a hand, sending a wave of darkness crashing towards the peacekeepers, which was diverted away from the majority of the combatants by a last-minute gust of air from Iliad. Enraged at the sight of his former possible-recruit, Voldemort sent more tendrils of Darkness at the Greengrass Lord, who seemed to be playing to stall rather than win, diverting the attacks once again, putting a large amount of his magic into ensuring that no-one was injured. This continued for a solid minute of casual duelling, as Voldemort continued to play with Iliad. Voldemort heard the telltale cracks signaling the arrival of more peacekeepers. They had for the most part stayed out of his way, targeting his Death Eaters, while Iliad kept him at bay, so he didn't pay any mind to the new arrivals until he sensed a spell just about to hit him, which he turned to parry just in time. The total might of the men gathered before him was enough to make even Voldemort feel apprehensive. Dressed in peacekeeper garb, Albus Dumbledore, Arcturus Black, Babajide Akingbade and Nicholas Flamel stood before the Dark Lord. The red sashes on the arms of the four men identified them as commanding officers of the highest possible rank of the peacekeepers, though none of the men really needed it, their very presence enough to command the respect and obedience of the peacekeeper force present. "Dumbledore!" Voldemort greeted with a mock-smile, spreading his arms wide as if for a hug. Without another word, the wizened Headmaster acted, far faster than anyone could even imagine for a man his age, his wand flashing as a fissure appeared below Voldemort. As the very ground collapsed below him, Darkness came from around him to support the Dark Lord who was immediately set upon by a magical assault by Arcturus, Babajide and Albus. Albus continued to try and lock Voldemort in with rock, moving the earth around him, sending it rushing inwards and trying to get it to bind his opponent into place. Arcturus and Babajide on the other hand were keeping him occupied with a barrage of spells, that the Dark Lord was using fragments of Darkness to absorb and counter, most of which were incinerated by the bursts of fire being created by Babajide. While the three kept Voldemort occupied, Nicholas, still under the guise of Pierre, rushed towards the Hogwarts Express, blowing away any Death Eaters who tried to get into his path. A Death Eater with a golden mask that identified him as one of the Generals of the Inner Circle of Voldemort tried to intercept Nicholas, with the hopes of faring better than his comrades. A flick of Nicholas' wrist sent a gust of wind to blow his opponent into the mass of peacekeepers who were slowly but surely taking down the Death Eater forces. However, the golden-masked Death Eater batted away the attack with a gust of wind of his own. Forced to take his opponent seriously, Nicholas went all out from the very start, flinging walls of fire at the golden-masked Death Eater, who surprised Nicholas by managing to slice through the wall of fire just in time to avoid being roasted in an unfortunate (for him) demise. Nicholas motioned for the other peacekeepers, who had till that point stayed out of his way, to come in and take over the golden-masked Death Eater. With a parting spell or dozen, Nicholas quickly moved past the golden-masked Death Eater, as a dozen peacekeepers struggled with the task of restraining him. Meanwhile, the Dark Lord was easily holding his own against his three opponents. Knowing that they would only hinder the incredibly powerful wizards locked in combat with Voldemort, the rest of the peacekeepers simply stayed out of their way, an unfortunate few still getting caught in the debris that was caused to fly by the battle, causing a few extra injuries and one very unfortunate casualty as a byproduct of the intense duel. Despite the combined skill of his opponents being greater than his own, Voldemort was managing to fight back on the sheer power of The Darkness. While spells seemed to be hitting Voldemort, his ragged body was just about able to tank the damage that was being dealt to it while, in response, tendrils of the Darkness lashed out at his opponents aggressively, sometimes being countered, other times connecting. While invested in the duel, Voldemort was keeping a close eye on the progress of the fourth newcomer, and as he was about to make it to the Express, Voldemort realised what Nicholas had gone to do. With his many tricks, the famed alchemist could probably generate enough power to break his wards from the inside and evacuate the students. Just as he was about to block that blasted alchemist, he was hit in the side with a large chunk of rock that Babajide had ripped out of the ground, breaking several of his ribs. Voldemort gasped for breath as The Darkness enveloped his chest, tightening to hold his body together and more of it dedicating itself to keeping his internals going. The Dark Lord felt as his wards were ripped through by a wave of powerful magic and he left several presences leave through the hole in the wards that had been created by Nicholas. Voldemort roared in frustration, and a wave of Darkness emanated from his figure, destroying everything in his path, only slightly inhibited by shields put up by Dumbledore, Arcturus and Babajide. Swiping his opponents aside, Voldemort sent a large blade of Darkness that tore straight through the train. After the split second it took for them to finish off his previous attack, Voldemort's opponents were on him with renewed vigour, keeping him tied up in the battle versus them. *** End of Chapter
An: I'm on a 16-hour flight to New York, so let's see how much I can write before I fall asleep from exhaustion. *** Present Swiping his opponents aside, Voldemort sent a large blade of Darkness that tore straight through the train. After the split second it took for them to finish off his previous attack, Voldemort's opponents were on him with renewed vigour, keeping him tied up in the battle versus them. The students inside the train found themselves in a variety of differing situations. Some of the students on the far ends of the Express simply found themselves shook slightly as the blade of Darkness tore the train in two. Others closer to the middle felt the shock far more clearly. The most unfortunate were those in the middle of the Express. Thankfully there were no casualties of the strike, but there were now over a dozen Hogwarts students in the open, falling out of the carriages on either side of the strike, as half the carriage was obliterated. Voldemort looked at the results of his strike, and his eyes fixed on one target. Harry Potter. *** With Harry, On the Express Inside the Express, the concern of the trio was growing, they no longer had a vantage point on the fighting, and Harry was too worried of Voldemort tracing him again to attempt the same spell another time, so they sat there, attempting to extrapolate the goings on outside the Express from the loud noises of destruction and rattling that seemed to be taking place. The walls of the train itself seemed to be heavily damaged by the magic beating down on it, the vestiges of the train's magic doing its level best to try and keep the students inside it safe. Harry, however, knew it was simply a matter of time till the Dark Lord managed to muscle his way into the train. It had however been announced to the entire train that they were being evacuated and Harry hoped that the peacekeepers could get all the students off before the train was hijacked. His hopes were to no avail, however, as a large shudder shook the train before the entire carriage rolled over onto its side, one wall being ripped right off in a blur of Darkness which cut straight through their carriage. Harry had managed to sustain no injuries in the tumble but he looked over to see Hermione nursing her head which had been knocked against one of the suitcase racks. Seeing that Daphne was mostly okay, Harry cast a quick pain-numbing spell on Hermione's head, before dragging the bushy-haired girl out of the broken remains of their train carriage, Daphne following suit, not trusting the train cabin to not fall in on itself after the beating it had taken. Harry immediately regretted his decision as he finally saw the Dark Lord for the first time since the graveyard. Voldemort was far more terrifying than he had been the last time the two had met, it was clear that the Darkness had vastly increased his level of power. Despite the large distance between the two wizards, Harry immediately had his wand out to defend himself, he knew the Dark Lord could cover the hundred or so metres between them in less than a second if he so wished. As shadows gathered around Voldemort, ready to spring him at Harry, the boy-who-lived said his final prayers, knowing that he was nowhere near ready to take Voldemort on. Voldemort sprang, spells already coming out of Harry's wand in his defense. Just before Voldemort hit his enemy straight on, he was sent off course by a large gargoyle made out of rubble slamming into him and crashing him into the ground. Harry breathed a heavy sigh of relief as his Headmaster limped out of the crater in the ground that Voldemort's last strike had created. Nevertheless, the Dark Lord sprung back up, speeding at Dumbledore, only to run right into a serpent of fire which enveloped him. The fiery snake burst apart as the Darkness extruded from the body of Voldemort to obliterate the fire threatening to burn Voldemort's body to a crisp. Arcturus and Babajide also emerged from the crater, seconds after Dumbledore himself, and Harry watched with barely concealed awe as two of his mentors took on Voldemort himself along with the help of Babajide. The three of them together seemed to be able to hold Voldemort at bay, even with the powers of The Darkness which seemed to make him nigh invincible. The Darkness offensive, consisting mostly of shards of Darkness, as well as knives and other creative tools of destruction was held off by Babajide, who used his considerable might mostly defensively, fighting the Darkness with fire for the most part. Arcturus and Dumbledore, meanwhile, attacked Voldemort with all that they had. Dumbledore's decades of experience came into play as he put his all into defeating his enemy, Arcturus no less vicious as he too went at it as hard as he could. Harry was pulled out of his stupor at the intensity of the battle by Hermione screaming his name. Harry looked up just in time to see the last of a dozen or so peacekeepers be murdered in cold blood by a golden-masked Death Eater. Despite feeling sick to his stomach, Harry couldn't take the brutality of the Death Eater's actions and despite his intuition screaming at him to escape, Harry engaged the Death Eater, sending spells rocketing at his opponent at astonishing speeds. Harry immediately realized that fighting the Death Eater who had taken down a dozen peacekeepers all on his own was probably not a good idea, this only being highlighted by the Death Eater casually flicking away all of Harry's spells before doing something Harry had never seen be done before. The Golden-Masked Death Eater waved his wand in an arc around his body and electricity crackled into being around the tip of his wand. The Death Eater directed his wand at Harry and what could only be described as lightning came from Harry's opponent's wand. Unsure of the best way to counter this, Harry simply sprung out of the way, sending a strong push of air at the Death Eater, continuing his barrage of spells, backed up by Hermione and Daphne, both of whom also began firing at Harry's opponent to increase the volume of spells that he had to contend with. Despite this as well as Harry's elemental attacks, the third-year found himself immediately on the back foot. Other peacekeepers who tried to come to Harry's aid were held off by other Death Eaters, and Dumbledore who had noticed Harry's plight had paid for his moment of distraction with a long cut across his chest, the Dark Lord not letting him escape the fight to go to Harry's aid. The Golden-Masked Death Eater had Harry on the ropes, and was just about to pin Harry down, but was blocked just in time by a peacekeeper who managed to break through the Death Eaters who had been blocking the peacekeepers from interfering with the takedown of Harry so far. "What were you thinking!" the peacekeeper snapped, and Harry realized that it was the same peacekeeper who had come to tell them to lock their cabin doors on the Express, just several minutes prior. "Thank you, Ms, uh, Ms Peacekeeper." Harry stammered out. Said peacekeeper rolled her eyes, "Kaira Wilder." She introduced herself briefly before throwing herself into the battle against the Golden-Masked Death Eater. She didn't seem to be remarkably stronger than Harry himself but seemed to be faring far better in the battle. While she battled the Golden-Mask, the other peacekeepers surrounded Harry, Hermione and Daphne and made to escort them back inside the safe part of the train, as was being done with all the students who had fallen out of the train. "A man named Pierre Moreau is the only one who is able to apparate in and out of here." One of the peacekeepers briefed the trio, "He is taking students in groups of three and apparating them out of the danger zone into a safe location. Harry nodded his understanding, already having been told by the Headmaster that Pierre was simply a guise for Nicholas Flamel, who Harry was quite familiar with, it frankly not surprising him that the famed alchemist could apparate through the wards which inhibited virtually the rest of all wizardkind. The Dark Lord quickly noticed that his prey was escaping and he stuck his three opponents in place by sticking their feet into the ground which some niftily transfigured magical quicksand. The Dark Lord magicked himself into existence in front of the peacekeepers and all five of the men surrounding Harry had been murdered in a variety of gruesome ways in less than a second. The Dark Lord sent a weak (by his standards) cutting curse at Harry, which the younger combatant just about managed to absorb the impact of into his wand, struggling to keep a hold of it and return fire. Tendrils of Darkness fought the other three opponents of the Dark Lord, keeping most of the Darkness occupied, Voldemort taking Harry without its help and still toying with the gifted boy. Despite his great talent, the boy-who-lived couldn't even hold a candle to the Dark Lord. It didn't take much time for Voldemort to get bored of his plaything, and he raised his wand to finish Harry off once and for all. In a display of courage, the peacekeeper Kaira Wilder jumped at the Dark Lord, having just managed to take down the Golden-Masked Death Eater after an intense duel that left her with several scrapes and cuts. Unable to help any other way, she jumped on the Dark Lord, managing to wrestle his wand from his hand and pointing her own wand in the Dark Lord's chest. Just as she fired off a non-verbal spell, Voldemort called all of the Darkness back to himself to protect him from Kaira's assault. The Darkness took the brunt of the assault from Kaira before Voldemort simply blew her off his torso. He looked ready to kill Kaira for daring to attack him, but one look at the despair on Harry's face made Voldemort reconsider his decision. With a sick smile on his face, Voldemort cast the imperius curse on the peacekeeper, taking control of her body, just as Albus, Arcturus, and Babajide, no longer hindered by the Darkness, all struck him with their own attacks, driving him into the ground. Harry tried to shout a warning about Kaira and the Imperius curse to his mentors but he was unable to as Kaira began fighting him, clearly not much stronger but her sheer skill being enough to give her the upper hand versus Harry. With Hermione and Daphne, however, Harry managed to get a decent blow in in the form of a gash on the shoulder of the peacekeeper. Kaira shrieked, the pain numbed only to an extent by the imperius curse. The pain caused the curse to flicker as Kaira's eyes showed the horror she held at her own actions for a second before she attacked the trio once again, this time with a heavily injured shoulder. After getting that shot in, Kaira was obviously impaired and couldn't fight at her fullest ability, but Harry refused to injure her anymore, drawing out the fight despite knowing that he should do what he had to do and do his worst to the peacekeeper who had saved his life twice over and escape, hell, that was probably what Wilder herself would have wanted him to do. Just then, Voldemort was crushed by a large elephant courtesy of Dumbledore, and his connection to the Imperius became tenuous enough that, combined with Kaira's willpower, was enough for the female peacekeeper to overcome the unforgivable curse. Kaira put her horror at her own actions at the back of her head and turned to protect the three children, despite her injured shoulder clearly playing havoc on her combative capability. She hung in there doggedly, managing to sloppily catch a Death Eater with a well-placed piercing curse. Harry rushed to support her as she staggered but Wilder waved him off, "Get inside, the other peacekeepers will take you to Moreau and he will get you out of here, you're students, do NOT go against my orders!" Despite feeling horrible about it, Harry and co tried to follow her orders, only to be blocked by more Death Eaters. Harry, Hermione, and Daphne engaged them, doing pretty decently considering that their opponents were only relatively low-level lackeys who had power in numbers but numbers that were being slowly overcome by Harry and co. Kaira stepped in with a few useful spells that finished the battle easily. "Get inside!" she barked, just as Voldemort stepped out of the Darkness next to her, looking bored as Albus, Arcturus, and Babajide were all flung in different directions by a shockwave of Darkness. "You pesky rat," he said to Kaira, as if scolding a child who had been bad, "You threw off my Imperius when I was having so much FUN controlling you!" he continued, "Now you have outlived your usefulness" With a flick of his wand, Kaira was under the Cruciatus curse, shrieking and screaming as unimaginable pain racked her body. Harry kept running as he heard the valiant peacekeeper's screams become steadily weaker until they tapered off altogether. Nicholas was waiting inside the door of the Express, looking extremely weak and holding onto a risk with a ruby embedded in it, drawing some kind of power from it. He held out a hand which the trio grabbed. Just before they left, Harry heard Voldemort incant the dreaded syllables. "Avada Kedavra!" He didn't need to turn to see Kaira's body hit the ground to know she had passed. *** End of Chapter An: I was kinda hoping to write more but this was a really good place to end this chapter so here, this chapter is pretty long as it is, I do hope you enjoyed. An2: Okay, so, it's been a day(ish) since I wrote this chapter. As I might have mentioned, I was on an airplane here. While I will have internet access while here (so I COULD upload a chapter if I end up with enough time to write one), I will likely have too many things to do to write much over the next couple weeks until the flight back home. Also, by the end of this chapter, I was taking naps between paragraphs so I don't know how well it's turned out, but I hope you enjoy nonetheless.
*** Black Manor, Later Nicholas, under the guise of Pierre Moreau, had brought Harry, Hermione, and Daphne back to Black Manor where Sirius was waiting for them, before returning back to the Hogwarts Express to fetch more students. The three of them had found that Nicholas had brought the other kids from the Express to the Manor as well, because of the formidable wards which the Dark Lord could not easily scale an attack upon with his forces tied up with the Express, as well as the large expansive estate, where they had been able to set up several large wizarding tents for the students to rest up and stay in temporarily until they could organise safe travel to their own homes. Sirius had been very disappointed that he'd been disallowed to fight, but his role in organising and managing the escape of the students to Black Manor was instrumental to the defence nonetheless. A few hours later, as more and more of the students had made their way to Black Manor, they got news from Dumbledore, communicated via Nicholas as Pierre, that the Dark Lord had retreated, but only after totalling the entire 1-mile radius of the fight in his rage and frustration at his loss to strike the Wizarding World where it hurt the most, their children. Apart from this, there was very little news for Harry, Hermione, and Daphne, all of whom were desperate to hear anything of the disastrous attack on the Express. Nicholas hadn't been able to stick around for long, having to leave immediately to lend his magical prowess to the cleanup of what had essentially turned into a warzone. Harry, in particular, was especially torn up by the lack of any kind of news. He already felt extremely guilty for the death of the peacekeeper who had essentially given her life to save them, despite knowing there was nothing he could have done except give Voldemort his own life in addition to that of his defender. Harry didn't do much as the day just seemed to pass by, Hermione and Daphne dropped into his room for a bit and they talked about their experience the previous day but the two girls both retired to their own rooms in the Manor after a while. It was nearly a full day later that Sirius felt the wards alert him that Albus Dumbledore had entered the wards of Black Manor. "Harry, Hermione, Daphne!" the unruly Black called out, "Dumbledore will be arriving shortly, get yourselves down here, unless you WANT to remain in the dark." Sirius was momentarily blinded as a bright flash of light filled the entire house, most likely the doing of Harry. "Goddamnit Harry, that was a metaphor!" Sirius shouted up, rubbing his eyes as his sight returned to him, happy that Harry wasn't too stuck up in brooding to be himself. Sirius shrugged on his own robes, making his way down to the entrance hall, about the same time as Harry, the girls trailing behind him a bit. Sirius had just about acciod himself two glasses, a bottle of firewhiskey, and a couple butterbeers, when he heard his doorbell ring. Quickly doling out the firewhiskey into the glass with very generous pours, Sirius carried the two glasses with him to the door, sending a mental command to the wards to swing open the doors. As the doors opened, Sirius grinned widely, spreading his arms with the two glasses of golden liquid in them expansively as if he were looking for a hug. His grin faded slightly as he saw Albus looking the worst he'd ever seen the wizened Headmaster seem in all his years. Albus usually had an ageless aura to him, but his age seemed to be hanging heavy on him. Albus gave a small smile nonetheless, despite his half-destroyed battle robes, which he hadn't had a chance to change out of, and the heavy bags under his eyes, indicating that he'd been too busy with the fight and then the cleanup and then the inevitable politics to catch a wink. "Sirius!" Albus greeted, the familiar warmth of his tone reassuring Sirius slightly. He heard a small gasp from next to him as Harry finally walked up to the door and looked at the state of his mentor. "Ah Harry, it's good to see you well," Albus said, "Forgive me for the abrupt departure from your company but I need to freshen up a bit before we can discuss yesterday's events at enough length to do their severity and complexity any justice." "Of course, Albus, I'm sure you can make your way to your room." Sirius said, gesturing in the vague direction of the guest room that had been specifically set aside and stocked for the use of the Headmaster. Nodding his thanks, Albus made his way to his room. By this time, Hermione and Daphne had made their way down to the hall. "Well, make yourselves comfortable in the living room, I guess," Sirius said, "I'll organise some snacks and get Kreacher to fix dinner." Nodding their consent, Harry, Hermione, and Daphne made their way to the opulent living room of Black Manor, where they each chose one of the cushy sofas and sat down. Sirius joined them, having brought out a small platter of sorts to much on. After a slightly longer while, during which the four people already in the living room continued to chat, Albus made his way to their location as well, looking far better than he had a half hour previously. The bags under his eyes were still apparent, but he had cleaned up into casual clean robes and healed some of his injuries which had gone ignored by the healers who only healed the major injuries before moving onto others who needed the healing more than he did. "You holding up, Professor?" Sirius asked while Harry just looked at his mentor expectantly. "As well as can be expected," Albus said cheerfully, "But I think what you really want to inquire about isn't just my health." Sirius sighed, "How bad was it?" he asked. The Headmaster's face turned grave, "To be completely honest, the entire operation went about as well for us as it could have, we know that the Dark Lord is incredibly powerful and his forces are if anything, larger than we expected. We managed to keep the entire student body alive but it was at a great cost, we lost over three dozen peacekeepers and more than twenty British aurors. I don't think that we can risk something like this happening again, we will have to ship all the students straight back to Hogwarts from here, even scattered at their homes, too many of them are all too vulnerable under their own protections and striking the young would be a great victory for Voldemort." *** End of Chapter
*** Summer Harry looked down at the letter which had been delivered to Sirius by owl. Dear Esteemed Parent, I hope you are holding up well in these hard times, and have been able to keep yourself safe. I am certain that by now, you have heard of the attack on the Hogwarts Express, and are no doubt worried for the safety of your children. Fear not, for we were able to evacuate every single student at Hogwarts in time to get them to a safe location which will remain undisclosed for security reasons. Hogwarts would like to take a moment of silence to honor all 37 peacekeepers and 23 aurors who lost their lives in the defense of the Express. In lieu of this incident, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, in collaboration with the Ministry of Magic, has decided to offer board for all students over the summer. As you know, Hogwarts is one of the safest locations in Britain, and if The Dark Lord is truly committed to striking the children of the Wizarding World, which he seems to be, then we need to keep our children as safe as we possibly can. Therefore, we will be portkeying all students back to Hogwarts, where they will reside over the summer. If you wish to withdraw your student from Hogwarts over the summer, you will have to send a letter requesting such, and a member of staff will apparate you just outside of Hogwarts' gates, where you may retrieve your child, however, we implore you to let your child remain at Hogwarts, as it is undoubtedly the safest place for them to be, Yours, Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore Headmaster of Hogwarts Harry put down the letter. He had wanted to stay with Sirius over the summer, but Albus had told him that he too had to return to Hogwarts along with the rest of the students. Not only did they not want it to seem like he was getting special treatment, the Headmaster had said that they could continue his training far more easily inside of Hogwarts, as at least one of the Headmaster, Arcturus, or Nicholas would be inside the walls of the ancient castle at all times, as they couldn't leave the school without at least one wizard who could stand up to the Dark Lord at any time. All the students were being port-keyed one by one, a member of staff, and one student going at a time so that they wouldn't all be in danger if a single portkey was hijacked. It was a boring if necessary process, as the Hogwarts staff spent the afternoon transporting Hogwarts students back to the famed castle. As he watched the students being evacuated from his window, Harry heard a knock on his door. "Come in" An Auror who Harry was not familiar with walked into the room, "C'mon Potter, it's your turn" *** Hogwarts Iliad cleared his throat in front of the Defence class that he had hastily been assigned to lead, "So year three-" A student raised his hand. "Yes, Mr Zag?" "We graduated third year like three days ago" "Well then, Welcome back, newly christened fourth years-" He started again, before being interrupted by the same student. "Fourth year doesn't start for another two..." The student pointed out unhelpfully, once more before being scared into silence by the deathly glare being sent in his direction by the irritated makeshift Defence Professor. "Year three and a half," Iliad began, more forcefully this time with an implied warning in his voice, "While this is an unexpected lesson, and therefore I do not have any sort of lesson plan prepared for you, I think that all of you are sorely in need of some rudimentary battle training, considering our circumstances." The class quieted down, the reminder of their situation bringing them down from the buzz that the pointless interruptions had brought them. "So Imma pair you kids off into pairs and let you spar." Iliad looked down at his class, which consisted of Gryffindors and Slytherins, the two houses which were far too volatile to be trusted with sparring each other in such an exercise. He paired them up within their houses until he came across the issue of the fact that both houses had an odd number of students, leaving him requiring at least one inter-house pair. With a little bit of reluctance, he looked at the two houses, which brought a relief, as he was able to pair up his own daughter with Harry. Both houses looked upon the pair with thinly veiled interest, as Daphne, with a flicker of surprise quickly passing over her face, put on a sneer as she faced Harry, her wand casually flicking up to face the young Potter boy. Harry had a small frown on his face, as he too held up his wand, the end of it glowing slightly as he faced Daphne. The two had a barely perceptible conversation between themselves, before both started their duel flashily, not quite going all out, but putting a lot more power into their attacks than one would have thought they would considering their situation. As their duel became steadily more intense, most of the other students stopped their own duels, to stare upon the large duel occurring right in the middle of the room, which had become so intense that Iliad had put up small wards around them to protect the other students. As the two houses began to take sides, Draco sneeringly jeering at Harry, while Ron and the other Gryffindors put down the young Potter's Slytherin opponent, Iliad began to frown further, wondering as to the purpose of the two contestants. With spell-chains and elements flying in all directions, Harry and Daphne were both putting each other through the paces. The two contestants were looking at each other, Harry was signaling her with his eyes to lose, to show in front of the entire grade, that the light would win over the dark. Daphne looked back, her eyes unyielding and unwilling to lose. Harry went all out for the first time, putting his full force into a final attack. Daphne stared him down and raised her wand to defend. *** End of Chapter
*** Present The two contestants were looking at each other, Harry was signaling her with his eyes to lose, to show in front of the entire grade, that the light would win over the dark. Daphne looked back, her eyes unyielding and unwilling to lose. Harry went all out for the first time, putting his full force into a final attack. Daphne stared him down and raised her wand to defend, just barely managing to avoid being blown into the wall, instead, managing to skid back a few steps and counter, holding out against Harry for all she was worth, lashing back at the boy with all the force she could muster. As Harry raised his wand again, another vicious spell no doubt at the tip of his wand, he found it flying out of his hand. The young Potter looked at his opponent only to see Daphne wandless as well. "I think that's quite enough, Daphne, Potter." Iliad said coolly, sending both of his students a look that promised that they were in trouble after the rest of the class had left. Done with the dueling time, Iliad quickly set up dummies for the entire class to practice on, and they spent the rest of the lesson trying out all the spells they knew on the magically animated dummies which imitated human reactions. At the end of the lesson, Iliad looked down at the temporary schedule he had been assigned, "I don't think you have any more classes for the rest of the day, there are some Quidditch activities which will be taking place this afternoon if any of you would like to participate in that, and I believe the Exploding Snap club has received permission to operate over the summer break already, so any members may attend their meetings following the same schedule as the regular school year. Feel free to relax as you like on the school premises, no rule breaking." Iliad finished before giving his daughter and Harry a look, "Daphne and Mr Potter, please stay back a few minutes after the end of the class, I would like to have a chat with the two of you." Harry and Daphne nodded their understanding, waiting for the rest of the class to empty out before approaching their professor's desk. "What was that?" the older Greengrass asked simply, "What was the point of that dangerous and reckless show that will have half the Slytherins in this class running to their mamas and papas with this information, who will undoubtedly pass on the magnitude of your strength to the Dark Lord?" "Well," Harry started, "I wanted to show that The Light was clearly stronger than The Dark by beating the witch who is by far the strongest person in Slytherin right now." Daphne glared back at him, "Like hell, I'd go down for such a stupid reason. As it is, the Greengrass family is not really seen as any kind of bastion of The Dark, and at the rate that things are going, there's no way we're even going to be able to stay neutral. We're going to be forced to declare our alliance with The Light publicly, especially after the attack on our Manor." "Well, I thought-" Harry began. "It doesn't matter what you thought, that was a bad move Potter, you're good but you're in no place to be getting cocky," Iliad said before getting up and drawing his wand, pointing it at his two students, "Come, show me whether there's anything behind that attitude of yours or whether it's all just hot air." the Greengrass Lord challenged. What ensued was yet another furious duel. With Daphne at his side, who was intimately familiar with her father's fighting style, and he himself beginning to get a grasp on the powers that Iliad wielded, Harry, along with Daphne, was able to go toe to toe with Iliad for several minutes at his full strength. While still pretty restrained from using the exact full extent of his powers in order not to shoot anything lethal at the two kids, Iliad used the extent of his magic and ability in the duel, and when Daphne was hurtled into a wall (which had been cushioned for the purpose of the duels taking place in the preceding class), and stupefied into unconsciousness, her mind faded to black with a sense of satisfaction. After Daphne fell, it was only moments till Harry was taken out too, both of the children being awakened by Iliad after the end of the duel. "Still weak," he commented dryly, but even Iliad couldn't block the small smile of pride that stretched across his face for a slight moment before he sent the two children off. *** Summer at Hogwarts Training with Iliad continued over the course of the summer, Hermione joined Harry and Daphne in the training as well. By the end of the summer, the three of them could keep Iliad at bay almost indefinitely, almost always losing out to his greater stamina, but together being at par with the man, infrequently winning duels with some lucky shots in, but usually falling after stretching out the duel for any longer than half an hour. While Iliad was not the strongest wizard out there, he was certainly still accomplished, and even standing on the same level as the seasoned Greengrass duelist was quite an achievement for 3 students barely about to start their fourth year, and already surpassing even the best that Hogwarts' seniors had to offer. On the front of the war, there continued to be little progress for either side, as without Voldemort making an appearance, the forces of The Light continued to be just about enough to push back the relentless seemingly random attacks that The Dark kept on executing. Albus and Arcturus were also usually busy, making only a handful of appearances at Hogwarts, leaving Iliad in charge of maintaining security, and poor Minerva in charge of handling the administration of the school as well as teaching several transfiguration classes, including recreational transfiguration workshops that she held for the students over the summer of her volition. While their forces were very stretched, The Light had suffered very few casualties since the attack on the Hogwarts Express, and there was no doubt in the minds of anybody that The Dark Lord was planning something major, but nobody had any idea exactly what the insane wizard would do. Assassinate Amelia Bones like he did Cornelius Fudge? Attempt a siege on Hogwarts? Storm the Ministry of Magic? *** End of Chapter
An: Wooo boy, chapter SEVENTY. This story is so longgggg. An2: I'm hoping this chapter doesn't seem too disjointed, but it was written partly last November, as I started it immediately after the previous chapter, and I'm only continuing it now, all the way in January. An3: It's March now. An4: Ah damnit, it's JUNE. *** Fourth Year Opening Feast Neither Albus not Arcturus had made it to the opening feast for Harry, Hermione, and Daphne's fourth year at Hogwarts. Unfortunately, this had become quite a common occurrence and none of them were surprised in the slightest that their Defence Professor and Headmaster had not made it to Hogwarts this time either. As Deputy Headmistress, Professor McGonagall had taken over the place vacated by Dumbledore and stood at his pedestal for the beginning of year announcements. "Welcome to the newest generation of students of Hogwarts," she announced first, "And greetings once more to our returning students, though I do not think I can call you people 'returning' anymore…" she waited for the polite laughter from her audience, laughter which she did not receive, "Moving on," she continued sourly, "I'm sure you're all all too aware of what's happening, so I won't bother with warning you about The Darkness, and feeding you riddles as Professor Dumbledore is wont to do. Instead, I shall assure you that Hogwarts will do its best to continue functioning as normal. This means you all have classes to attend, and those of you in Fifth and Seventh Year will have to give your OWLs and NEWTs as has been scheduled." This news warranted more than a few groans from a handful of extremely hopeful students. "Yes, yes, utterly tragic, I know," McGonagall said sarcastically, "But that is the way it will be. As you know The Headmaster is busy mustering our war effort, therefore as Deputy Headmistress, I shall be temporarily taking over his role while he is officially on a sabbatical from the school," she said, "And to handle matters of our security in this castle, we will have squadrons of peacekeepers at Hogwarts to ensure the safety of our students. As well as this, as Acting Headmistress, I have instated our Defence Substitute teacher, Professor Iliad Greengrass, to be Hogwarts' new Head of Security. In case of an emergency or future changes in the situation regarding your security, such will be intimated to you by Professor Greengrass, and Professor Greengrass alone. Please do not take instructions from any other source, even your fellow students. There is no knowing how wide The Dark Lord's net of misinformation is spread. That is all I have to say for today. Please enjoy your meal and then follow your house prefects up to your common room as usual." and with that, McGonagall clicked her fingers to summon the feast, in quite a different manner to The Headmaster's large grandiose clap which had the same effect. All in all, the no-nonsense, tight, and efficient methodology of McGonagall was quite apparent, in contrast with the administration and speech of Dumbledore. "So Iliad is the head of security now." Harry commented to Hermione, whom he was sitting next to at the Gryffindor, while their third friend was at the Slytherin table, with the rest of her house and Tracey Davis, who she had grown more distant from but was still good friends with, nonetheless. Hermione nodded, biting down on a chicken drumstick she'd picked up, unable to speak as she ate. Harry looked up at the enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall, allowing himself to get lost in the wonder of the magical sky. "What do you think will happen this year?" Harry asked. Hermione cocked her head to one side, "What do you mean?" "You know what I mean," Harry said, "This is our fourth year here. In three years, we've discovered the Quirrelmort plan, fought a basilisk in the chamber of secrets, and had a TriWizard Tournament. What's going to be the big deal this year?" "Voldemort is free," Hermione told him, "He does not need to get at Hogwarts anymore, he can do as he likes." "I just can't imagine a normal year at Hogwarts, though…" Harry trailed off, quite possibly trying to imagine a normal year at Hogwarts. Hermione shot him an incredulous look, "We are in the middle of a war, Harry, things are not normal." Harry hmmed, non-committedly. "Besides," Hermione supplied, "We have training with Iliad, Arcturus, Albus, and whichever other benevolent overpowered wizards or witches they manage to get their hands on, you can hardly call that normal, even for the magical world." "I know," Harry conceded, "but after a few years of it, it's begun to just seem like a part of normal life for me, I'm used to it. Maybe it just feels like I've trained enough, I want to move onto something bigger." "You're not anywhere close to facing Voldemort," Hermione argued, "you saw him at the attack on the Express, he could take you down in the blink of one of his weird red eyes. " Harry waved his arms around in the air, "But like, I could do something, I could be helping with defence or-" "You're fourteen, Harry." The boy deflated, "I know, but sometimes it feels like I'm a lot older than that. So much responsibility." he trailed off again. Hermione nodded, "You remember that Dumbledore didn't want this for you, right?" Harry opened his mouth, as if he had a pre-prepared response, then closed it again. "Yeah," he said simply, "but I never understood why." Hermione ruffled his hair with a cheeky grin on her face, "You're still a little kiddo." "Oy!" Harry protested, non-verbally sending a mild stinging spell at Hermione's hand with a single twitch of his wand. "Ow!" Hermione squealed. Victoriously, Harry stuck his own hand into the bushy curls of his friend, trying to mess her hair up more than it already was, to little avail. Hermione shrugged, and continued munching on her drumstick. *** End of Chapter
*** Riddle Manor, Present Riddle Manor had gone uphill since Voldemort's return. It had not been Voldemort's base of operations before his first fall, or even one of his outposts. It was simply a place which The Dark Lord desperately wanted to forget, a place which reminded him of his less-than-royal beginnings. He had been forced to take it on as his base due to his plan for his revival, and in the year or so which that scheme took to complete, he had grown somewhat attached to the rundown estate of the muggle half of his family. Upon his return to full life, Voldemort magically restored and reconstructed the Manor, and added expansion charms and protective wards to protect the ancestral home of the Riddles. After he was through with it, it was hard to tell that it was the same Manor. While the decor and such remained the same, it was grand on a scale which the Riddles could never have hoped to match, even at the height of their wealth and prosperity in the muggle world. It was a Manor fitting to be called the base of Lord Voldemort, and it was where The Dark Lord found himself contemplating his greatest enemy. In his throne room, a majestic and large space conjured out of the large living room of the Riddles, Voldemort sat upon his throne with his eyes closed. In his mind, The Darkness spoke to him. Enough of it had come into this world to have its own consciousness, capable of speaking to its host. Voldemort privately thought it was a bit bonkers. Pot, meet Kettle. "Harry Potter…" it hissed in his mind for the twenty-fourth time that day. "Yes, yes," Voldemort placated it again, "Murdering him is on my Dark Lord to-do list." he pointed to the Dark Lord to-do list pinned up on the majestic and royal Dark Lord pinboard. "Potter is your greatest enemy." The Darkness hissed in Voldemort's mind. Voldemort would have snorted if he had a nose, "I have many great enemies. Potter is destined to face me, which is his only importance, but he is a weakling. It will be many decades before he can hope to threaten me in any way." "Harry Potter!" The Darkness rasped again, this time with greater urgency, "Potter is our greatest enemy." "You are but a tool," Voldemort spoke out, forgetting to speak mentally, instead hissing out the words in the absolute silence of his throne room. The Death Eaters guarding him fell to their knees. "Yes, Master," they spoke in unison, "We are but your tooks, Master." In his head, The Darkness made a noise which somewhat resembled laughter. The Dark Lord roared in anger and picked up his wand to perform magic for the first time in a while, since he had become dependent upon the use of The Darkness to perform his magic, and shot a killing curse at the closest Death Eater, "Avada Kedavra!" The jet of brilliant green light fizzled out before it hit the cowering pathetic man behind the silver mask. "Silly Man, all your dark magic stems from me," The Darkness spoke in his head, "You are powerless without me." Voldemort shivered, as the Death Eater in front of him peeked open one eye as he did not seem to be dead yet. "Master?" he asked, confused, "Master! Thank you for sparing me, my generous Master." "Harry Potter!" The Darkness said again, in Voldemort's mind, almost petulantly. The Dark Lord felt the hum of power in his wand subside, and knew The Darkness was holding his very power hostage. "Okay, fine, Harry Potter!" Voldemort yelled out loud in his chamber. "Yessir?" asked a Death Eater, confused, "My name is Yaxley, Master." he added. "I need Harry Potter. Right now." The Dark Lord felt his wand thrum with power once more, and let out a sigh. "B-but he is in Hogwarts," the other Death Eater present in the chamber stammered back, "Would it not be better to wait until the next summer, when he shall once more have to return upon the Hogwarts Express, which your excellency has already proved is a softer target?" Voldemort scratched his bare chin, where his stubble would be if he hadn't sacrificed his facial hair in a dark ritual, "That almost sounds smart, Pucey, after all, my best plans take place in June." The Death Eater identified as Pucey, nodded proudly. The Dark Lord nearly fell off his throne, as he felt the familiar support of The Darkness disappear for over a second, letting all his injuries and weaknesses and weariness be uncovered. Voldemort shrieked before The Darkness returned to him. "Now." the voice of the being called inside The Dark Lord's head. "NOW," The Dark Lord rasped out, finally opening his eyes, which were glowing red, "I need the Potter boy now, Hogwarts be damned." "But-" That was as far as Pucey got. With his continued obedience to The Darkness, Voldemort's killing curse hit its mark, and the Death Eater was dead before he hit the ground, his expression neutral under his mask. The killing curse had hit him so fast he hadn't had time to react to the threat to his life, even in his expression. Yaxley was startled by the sudden death of his comrade, despite the fact that considering the unhinged nature of his master, he really should not have been. "M-master?" he stammered out. "Avade Kedavra," and Yaxley met the same fate as his buddy Pucey. The Dark Lord took a breath. "Hogwarts," he said softly. "I can help you break into the school," The Darkness promised. "You can?" "Harry Potter." the voice hissed for the twenty-seventh time that day. "It'll take more power than I have currently," Voldemort insisted, "Can you help me with that?" "Harry Potter!" "Can you or can you not?" "Anything to take Harry Potter," The Darkness spoke in the mind of Lord Voldemort. "Anything to take the chosen champion of Death." *** End of Chapter AN: Dun dun dun!
An: So I made this document to better plan the arcs in this story, because it is getting quite long, and I thought that structuring the arcs with a little more definition might be a good idea. I thought I might as well share the parts of this story which are already complete in terms of the arcs. I might update this at the top of the chapter at the end of each arc. (Do not worry, there is a full chapter at the bottom of this looong note) First Year Arc Chapters 1-11 Summerrrrrrr! Arc Chapters 12-13 Lockhart Arc Chapters 14-18 Old Men Arc Chapters 19-26 Summer with Siri Arc Chapters 27-30 TriWizard Arc Chapters 31-44 Return of Lord Voldemort Arc Chapters 45-48 Introducing Iliad Arc Chapters 49-51 Introducing Babajide Arc Chapters 52-58 Minister Bones Arc Chapters 59-63 Assault on the Hogwarts Express Arc Chapters 64-67 Summer v3 Arc Chapters 68-69 *** Hogwarts, Later All things considered, Hogwarts had quite a good start to the semester, as it managed to fall into the usual monotony of term, despite the war. The staff worked hard to make sure that the general mood of gloom didn't penetrate the thick walls of Hogwarts, and that the patients from warzones occasionally brought to the infirmary of the school of witchcraft and wizardry were kept hidden from the students. While McGonagall was still running the school entirely, Harry had noticed that Albus Dumbledore had been spending an increasingly large amount of time in the school, leaving the spearheading of the war effort to his younger colleague Babajide. As September turned to October, Harry had a feeling something would happen. And something did. An older student tapped Harry on the shoulder, as he stood and discussed the latest information on the war with his two closest friends. "Yes?" Harry looked over his shoulder, mildly annoyed at the intrusion, even if the boy intruding upon him was three years his senior. "Dumbledore wanted me to pass this letter on to you, Potter," the older student said, handing a roll of parchment which was secured with a ribbon to Harry, "Good luck trying to get the thing open," he murmured as he walked off. Harry looked down at the letter, and noted with amusement that the ribbon had clearly been pulled at by the messenger student, who was no-doubt curious as to what the Headmaster had to communicate to the young Potter. Harry slipped open the knot with no problem, knowing that whichever security charm Dumbledore had employed had recognised his identity. Dear Harry, Please come see me in my office at 20h sharp. Do not be late. Do not bring anyone with you. Neither Hermione, nor Iliad's daughter. The password is maple syrup, Yours faithfully, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore As soon as he finished reading the letter, the edge of the letter began to disintegrate. Within seconds, the entire letter had disintegrated, as if it had never been there in the first place. "Huh." *** 8PM, The office of Albus Dumbledore Harry sat opposite the Headmaster of Hogwarts. "Hi," he said lamely. He hadn't spoken to Albus in quite a while, as the Headmaster was perennially busy, between the war effort and whatever it was that he had been doing in Hogwarts over the last few months. "Hello Harry." The Headmaster looked old. Not that he didn't usually, but there was such a youth about his very being that anybody that looked at the legendary wizard saw beyond the wrinkles, and the flowing white hair. Now, however, the man looked his age. His eyes were not cold, but they lacked a certain twinkle for which they were famed. The bridge of his glasses was held together with spello-tape. Cuts, bruises, and scrapes covered most of the skin which he had bared, though his robes were immaculate. Then again, Harry doubted Dumbledore was wearing his designer dress robes into combat. Harry looked pointedly at Dumbledore's glasses, the unasked question relating to a certain 'reparo' spell which would do the same job quite sufficiently. "An alchemically conjured blade caused that damage to my glasses," Dumbledore explained, "So that breakage is now resistant to any and all magic. Spello-tape was the next quickest alternative. I shall have to remember to pick up my spare pair from back home." "You have a home?" Harry asked, before he could stop himself. A hint of twinkle returned to Albus' eyes, "You didn't think I lived at Hogwarts year-round, did you?" "You certainly seem to be right now," Harry retorted. "Touché," Dumbledore said, before his eyes darkened once more, "Actually, I have asked you to come here to talk about one of the things which I have been researching extensively over the last year." Harry inclined his head, signalling Dumbledore to continue speaking. "As you know," Dumbledore began, in a way which Harry knew to be the start of a speech by the man, the likes of which he was expounding upon a topic to one who was unfamiliar with it, "Voldemort created horcruxes to protect his immortality. While they continue to exist, the Dark Lord cannot die, and The Darkness is anchored to reality." Harry nodded his understanding, "But you never were very specific with the horcruxes, and what they did." Albus nodded, "I didn't want to go into the details of creating a horcrux," he started, "You were - are still - very young, and I feel guilty telling you of such magic, the darkest that exists in this realm. A horcrux is an object in which a Dark wizard or witch has hidden a fragment of his or her soul for the purpose of attaining immortality. Horcruxes can only be created after committing murder, the supreme act of evil. Voldemort's spirit from your first year confirmed that Voldemort created six horcruxes." Harry nodded his understanding, he knew Voldemort had killed many, but it was still sickening to hear about it, and here how Voldemort had desecrated the lives of some of his victims to create horcruxes. "Over the past year, I have been researching Voldemort himself, to try and figure out which exact objects contain pieces of his soul." "If it were me," Harry opined, "I would stick the pieces of my soul in small stones and rocks and throw them to the bottoms of various oceans and rivers. Perhaps I'd leave one or two under close guard so that they could be used to revive this hypothetical twisted evil me back to life, but those would also be innocuous objects." Dumbledore shook his head, "Lord Voldemort is not as smart as you," he said with a small smile, "You need to bring your thinking down to his level. He is an extremely powerful and awe-inspiring wizard, but he is not a very logical man. He has long since lost complete control of his sanity. With Tom Riddle, and his diary, you destroyed the most sane piece of the Dark Lord which remained in this world. What I have learned of his horcruxes is that he has placed each of them in an object of great personal significance to him, and stored them in places of similar personal significance." Dumbledore rummaged around in a cupboard behind him, before dropping the diary on the desk. He rummaged again before pulling out a locket, and placing that on the desk as well. "The diary," Dumbledore started, "His first diary as a teenager in Hogwarts, and left to one of his greatest followers, Lucius Malfoy," and then he turned to the locket, "This is one I came upon at a Black residence in muggle London. Specifically the one where your godfather, Sirius, grew up. It was last used as a base by Regulus Black, a follower of Voldemort, who I found was a traitor and stole this locket-horcrux from a cave where Voldemort had it hidden and brought it to his home to destroy. Unfortunately, he was killed by Voldemort shortly after, and the locket left with his batty house elf, who could not destroy it, hard as he tried." Dumbledore explained. "A cave is a good hiding place," Harry opined again, "Nice and random, nobody would think of it." "Actually," Dumbledore corrected him, "It was a place of significance in his upbringing." Harry muttered something about stupid and idiotic dark lords under his breath. "Well," Harry spoke, "Apart from briefing me on these horcruxes, why have you called me here." Albus raised an eyebrow, "What makes you think that wasn't my only reason for calling you up here?" he asked interestedly. Harry looked at the old man shrewdly, "Your body language," he said simply, "I know you have something big to say, something you are in two minds about." Dumbledore sighed, "So I do." "So," Harry prompted, "What is it, Professor?" Dumbledore looked Harry in the eye before speaking. "I think I may have located a third one of Voldemort's horcruxes." *** End of Chapter An: So that's two major plot-threads set up in two consecutive chapters...in one day. Raymondjay41, I hope this is enough excitement for you to make up for a boring chapter 70. ;) An2: Thanks to Starie and BillBrink for pointing out that 22h is 10PM, I messed that up, don't know what I was thinking. I've fixed it.
*** Present Dumbledore looked Harry in the eye before speaking. "I think I may have located a third one of Voldemort's horcruxes." "Oh," Harry said, "That sounds like good news too." Albus nodded gravely, "In a sense, it is, but I'm afraid I have a request for you..." "What is it?" "I would like you to accompany me to acquire this horcrux." "Okay!" "I know it's dangerous, and if you don't want to, I won't- wait, did you say 'okay'?" "Yeah. Of course. I'd love to come with you." Dumbledore was silent for a moment, "It is dangerous," he said, "I cannot go alone, that would be foolish and too dangerous. I would normally take Arcturus or Nicholas with me, but they are both busy with the war effort, and it would be far too suspicious to Voldemort for TWO of our leaders to go missing at the same time." "Still, why would you pick me?" Harry asked thoughtfully, "Not that I'm declining the offer, of course, but I was just wondering." "Old habits die hard," Dumbledore said simply. Harry nodded in understanding, "You don't want to give the secret out to any more people than is absolutely necessary." "So you're with me?" Dumbledore asked, ignoring Harry's semi-accusation. Accepting Dumbledore's ignoring of his statement, Harry just nodded once more. "Very good," Dumbledore started, before rising from his chair, "We're leaving now." "Now?" Harry asked. "Now," Dumbledore affirmed, "Or as soon as you can get your cloak, your sword, and your wand." "Already have all three," Harry said, "I don't leave my bed without them." With a wave of his wand, Harry lifted the disillusionment charm on the sword which was at his waist. His own name glinted back at him from the hilt of his sword. Harry stowed his wand back into the holster on his arm. "Very good," Dumbledore said before holding his arm out. Two broomsticks flew into Albus' hand. The Headmaster handed one to Harry, "Not even the Headmaster can apparate on Hogwarts grounds," he explained. Harry nodded his understanding and mounted the broom. The duo left through the window in Dumbledore's private quarters, which were attached to the office of the Headmaster. Harry felt the exhilaration of flying for the first time in a little while. Quidditch had been cancelled the previous year, due to the fact that the Triwizard Tournament was taking place, and the season had been delayed indefinitely this year, due to security concerns raised by Iliad, who was still working on trying to fully secure the Quidditch pitch, as it would be a prime spot for attack due to being a congregation of all the students of Hogwarts in one small enclosed space. The two wizards flew over the gates of Hogwarts, and Harry felt the borders of the wards wash past him, with a bit of a warning shock. "I asked the wards to let you past," Albus explained. Harry nodded that he understood. The two reached Hogsmeade, and they stopped by the Hog's Head, where Albus left the two brooms with an untidy scowling man with a beard similar to that of Albus' own, who grumbled under his breath, but agreed to keep the two brooms nonetheless. "Try not to get this one killed," was the only thing he said to Albus before the bartender of the Hog's Head slammed his door shut on Harry and Albus. "Who was that?" Harry asked. With a small smile, Dumbledore answered, "My brother." Harry looked at the Headmaster incredulously, silently asking what had happened between the two siblings to cause such hatred, but Albus shook his head. "It's a story for another day," he said simply, before offering his arm to Harry, "My lady," he joked. Harry took Albus' arm, and with a barely-audible crack, the two of them disappeared from the spot. *** Little Hangleton "Voldemort hid his horcrux in a tiny-ass muggle village?" Harry asked, confused by Dumbledore's choice of location. "We are headed to Gaunt Cottage," Dumbledore said. "Gaunt...one of the sacred twenty-eight families," Harry said thoughtfully, "That line has died out, what does Voldemort have to do with their cottage." "Voldemort's mother was Merope Gaunt." "Merope? Never heard of her." "She was nearly a squib," Dumbledore said, "And ran off with a muggle man under the love potion." "Oh," Harry said, "I can see why she was struck out of the history of the Gaunts." "And she had a son, Tom Marvolo Riddle," Dumbledore continued. "Voldemort," Harry whispered. "And that is why we are here, I believe that Tom returned to his mother's old home to leave behind a piece of his soul," Dumbledore said, still leading the way as the two walked down a small winding path which led out of the town and into a forest of sorts. Harry and Albus walked in utter silence until they reached a small abandoned cottage in the middle of the woods. The door was hanging on its hinges, and the cottage looked like it might collapse in on anyone who tried to approach it. Harry walked towards the cottage, but Dumbledore pulled him back. "Wards, Harry," Dumbledore said, with a shake of his head, "foolishness is not very becoming of you." Harry nodded sheepishly, as Dumbledore pulled a bag of white powder out of his pocket. "What is that for," Harry asked. "Wait and see," Dumbledore replied before throwing the whole bag's worth of powder at the cottage. Despite the duo being a good distance away from the cottage, the powder seemed weightless in a way, and kept floating in the direction of the cottage until it seemed to hit a solid wall just a metre outside of the cottage. The white powder turned red, as it seemed stuck on a barrier outside the cottage. "That's the ward-line," Dumbledore explained, "That's where the wards start." "What now?" Harry asked. "Now," Dumbledore said, as he closed his eyes, "I try to break through them." The wizened wizard raised his wand and began to murmur under his breath, as the tip of his wand glowed. "Dumbledore," Harry said nervously, getting no reply. "Albus!" he tried again, with more urgency. Dumbledore opened his eyes with a look of annoyance, "I was almost there, Harry, what is it?" Harry gulped, "I think we have bigger problems than just wards." Dumbledore looked around, and suddenly saw what Harry meant. They were surrounded by snakes of all shapes and sizes, which were slowly but surely closing in on the two of them. While some were the normal garden variety, most looked poisonous, and some were extremely huge. "What are they saying, Harry?" Dumbledore asked the parselmouth. "Um," Harry gulped again, "They're saying they want to rip us apart and report us to their master." "So this is a trap by Voldemort," Dumbledore stated the obvious. Harry whipped his wand out and shot a jet of fire at a snake which had reached close enough to lash out at him. It was burnt to a crisp, but there were hundreds more around. Harry shot more jets of fire, but there was no way he was going to be able to take out all of the snakes which had surrounded the two wizards. Albus took in a deep breath and raised his wand, "Get close to me, Harry," he said, and the young Potter scrambled towards his professor. A pure wave of white fire came out of the end of Dumbledore's wand and surrounded the two of them. It was only there for four seconds, but in that time, Harry's entire vision was enveloped by it. He closed his eyes, but could see the whiteness through his eyelids as well. "You can open your eyes now," Dumbledore said quietly, and Harry did as his professor had said. His vision slowly returned to him through the whiteness. It was as if he had been looking at the sun for a minute straight on a bright, hot, sunny day. The snakes had been incinerated. As had all the plant life within a metre of the two wizards. Harry gaped at the power of the magic which Albus had used. He finally looked at the Headmaster, who was breathing heavily, and seemed slightly winded, though not overly so. "Woah." *** End of Chapter
An: Ookay, this story has ROCKETED past 90k words, and we're heading towards 100k. I just wanted to say that I've finally figured out how this story is going to end. I'm hoping to finish off this story before its three-year anniversary...so look forward to that? At any rate, I hope you guys enjoy the rollercoaster that is to come! An2: Gah. IGNORE An1, I thought I'd be free for a while now so I could update and write a lot, but apparently not, I doubt Imma have very much time to write at all, so usual miserable rate of updates it is! ...Sorry. *** Present The snakes had been incinerated. As had all the plant life within a metre of the two wizards. Harry gaped at the power of the magic which Albus had used. He briefly moved his eyes over to the position of the Headmaster, who was breathing heavily, and looked slightly winded, though not overly so. "Woah." Harry breathed out. "Back to the wards," Dumbledore said simply before dedicating himself to working on the wards once more. Harry watched the old professor work on the wards, and wondered how he could generate the necessary calm to sit and work on wards immediately after being attacked by snakes. However Dumbledore managed it, manage it he did. The powder which was still glowing red, suspended in mid-air, turned white and fell to the ground. Dumbledore opened his eyes, and with a flick of his wand, all of the powder returned to the small drawstring pouch from which he had taken it out. Albus and Harry approached the ward-line carefully, both of them with their wands out. While Harry simply had a spell on the tip of his tongue in the case of a confrontation, Albus' wand was being waved in patterns to detect if there were any more possible wards which he had not already taken out, or any traps which were still left to be triggered, such as the snake trap which they had just escaped. The two of them entered the cottage. The inside of the cottage was entirely empty. There was no furniture. The entire cottage was one room. There was evidence of walls and shelves and such but it had all been torn down, the only inkling of there having ever been any construction on the inside of the house being the indentations left on the walls, which Voldemort - for only he could possibly have done this to the place - had neglected to clean up with magic. "Harry, Wai-" Dumbledore could not finish his sentence for there was an explosion, which was like a landmine had gone off underneath Harry's feet. The Headmaster of Hogwarts summoned his young student towards himself just in time to save Harry from the worst of the explosion, protecting the two of them inside a protective bubble of magic. "You have to be vigilant!" Dumbledore growled at his charge, quite uncharacteristically, "That could have been much worse than a mere explosion, you foolish boy!" Harry nodded, shaken, as Dumbledore ran his wand over him, fixing the small burns and such which he had received from the explosion. Looking around, the entire cottage appeared to be just fine. The walls didn't even look to be slightly scorched by the fire caused by the explosion. Harry guessed that Voldemort probably wanted his protections to be reusable. Harry glanced up at his mentor, who was not surveying the walls of the place, but rather the floor. Harry shifted his own gaze to look where the Headmaster's piercing blue eyes were focused. There was a perfectly-round small, quaffle-sized hole in the wooden floor, which Harry knew had not been there before. Harry peered into the small hole, thinking there might be something inside of the hole. A purple velvet jewelry box, with an ornate clasp, which Harry thought might be made of real gold, rested upon a small raised pedestal inside the hole in the floor. Harry felt ever so slightly drawn to the box. The conditions of the ramshackle house seemed to fade away to Harry's notice, and the beauty of the velvet jewelry box entranced him. Harry shook his head, slightly confused, he wasn't one to be charmed by jewelry. "Bingo," Dumbledore said quietly, once again waving his wand and muttering, to try and dispel the enchantment protecting the box. It did not take as long as the previous time, and Dumbledore stopped after merely a half-minute of waving his wand at the protections over the jewelry box. Albus reached into the hole and pulled out the jewelry box. "This has to be it," he said. Harry took in a breath. With his thumb, Dumbledore flicked the clasp up, and it came undone. "It seems like Voldemort didn't expect anyone would be able to best his traps thus far," Albus mused, "Though I suppose, after all that, a simple lock on this would not be of much use." Harry gave a non-committal response, but he was more fixated with the box, it still seemed to be trying to draw him in. He was beginning to feel slightly suspicious. He noticed Dumbledore was simply staring into the box, with a bit of a look of wonder in his eyes, like Harry had not seen before. Harry looked into the box, wondering what the old man was so enamoured with. The wave of longing hit him like a truck as well. He had to have it. It was a ring. A simple band of gold with a black pearl embedded in it. It's plainness was in stark contrast to the ornate nature of its box, but somehow, the pearl seemed to embody beauty itself. It was the most precious thing Harry had ever laid his eyes upon. If he had bothered to look at his old mentor, he would have seen the same look of absolute want in his eyes, exacerbated even more by the fact that the old man actually recognised what was embedded within the ring which was a horcrux. Harry reached towards the box, intent upon grabbing the ring - the beautiful pearl - for himself. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he made out Dumbledore gunning for the ring too. Suddenly his suspicion from earlier flooded back to him, and the young Potter shook his head, trying to drive out the temptation. "Professor," he said, trying to be calm, "Remember what you said about being vigilant?" He got no response from the Headmaster, who seemed to be moving to take the ring in slow motion. "Headmaster Dumbledore!" Harry said more forcefully, "Get away from the ring." This just worked to speed up the Headmaster, who made a quick grab for the ring. Thinking quickly, Harry banished the ring away from himself. With a snarl, Dumbledore turned to Harry. His blue eyes were glazed over his want. Harry shuddered to think that he may have been the same way only a few moments earlier. "You do not understand the importance of that ring, boy" The Headmaster swung his wand in a wild arc, sending a gust of wind so powerful that Harry could not counter it, sending the boy into the wall. Harry grunted at the impact, before falling back onto his feet, winded but not too hurt by the attack from his own mentor. The young Potter pulled out his wand, uncertain whether he wanted to, or even could, take on one of the greatest wizards of all time, but trying to be cautious nonetheless. Thankfully, it seemed like he would not have to fight his Headmaster, because he too was vigorously shaking his head. "Are you okay?" he asked his pupil in a soft voice. Harry nodded once, but did not respond verbally. "There is a curse of temptation on the ring," Dumbledore stated, "Which means there must be some further protection on the ring." Harry shook his head, "The temptation curse is on the pearl." Dumbledore's expression clouded slightly, again. "The Resurrection Stone," he said grimly. "Like from the fairytale?" Harry asked, not sure as to what a random book of fairytales he and Hermione had looked at in the Hogwarts library once had to do with one of the horcruxes of the Dark Lord. Dumbledore nodded, "It is real." Harry frowned, "Really?" he asked sceptically. "I-I researched the Deathly Hallows in my youth." the Headmaster admitted quietly. Harry snorted, "And here I was thinking all you did was defeat Grindelwald, apprentice under Nicholas Flamel, and discover twelve uses of dragon's blood." Harry noted that Dumbledore seemed to flinch slightly at the name of the very Dark Lord whom he had defeated. "It can bring back the dead," Dumbledore said, so quietly that Harry knew he wasn't talking to him, but rather himself. Nonetheless, Harry answered by shaking his head, "Let the resting rest." Suddenly, the ring began to shake, and a high-pitched shriek came out of it, from where it lay on the floor. Both wizards' eyes whipped over to the ring, where a wraith of Voldemort was emerging from the ring. Harry panicked. "It doesn't seem to be coming willingly," the Headmaster said, peering over at the shade. Indeed, it did little more than scream. As soon as the entire wraith had exited from the ring, it began to dissolve, until all of it had gone. It went screaming all the way. Dumbledore began to cast spells over the ring. Finally, he spoke. "The ring is no longer a horcrux." Harry gaped, "What?" Dumbledore was still looking at the ring, pondering. "It was Death," he said simply, "but why now, why wait for our arrival?" he questioned. Harry went over to the ring again. He still felt some kind of connection between himself and the stone, but this time it was different. Instead of him being attracted to the stone...Harry felt like the stone was being attracted to him. Harry picked up the ring. *** End of Chapter An: Sorry again, it seems like the updates might not be as frequent as I had hoped. Still, things will be moving quite fast, it and when them updates do come in, so look forward to them.
An: 600 reviews! That is cool. Thanks very much to all of you who review. An2: Ooh, also 1600 follows. An3: Okay, this chapter is working out slightly hard to write. It doesn't sound very good, but I need to get to the conclusion of this thing with the ring. Agh. *** Present Dumbledore began to cast spells over the ring. Finally, he spoke. "The ring is no longer a horcrux." Harry gaped, "What?" Dumbledore was still looking at the ring, pondering. "It was Death," he said simply, "but why now, why wait for our arrival?" he questioned. Harry went over to the ring again. He still felt some kind of connection between himself and the stone, but this time it was different. Instead of him being attracted to the stone...Harry felt like the stone was being attracted to him. Harry picked up the ring. "Harry, no!" Albus cried out, sending a banishing spell at the ring. The spell hit the ring, but had no effect on it. Harry shook his head at his Professor, "There's nothing wrong with it," he said. "That's what it wants you to think!" Dumbledore said, "No doubt Voldemort has cursed it somehow, it is just yet to make itself apparent to you!" "If he had cursed it, wouldn't be make it immediate," Harry pointed out, "Otherwise you could abscond with the ring and destroy it before the curse took its effect. I'm sure Voldemort had put some kind of curse on it, but it is gone. I know it," he said confidently. "Then I'm afraid that it may be a curse placed upon it by death, who cares not how long it takes, just that she holds you within her grasp." Dumbledore said. "As long as I have it, but do not use it, I will be safe," Harry said, confidently. Dumbledore frowned, "And where are you drawing all of these conclusions from?" he asked. Without answering, Harry slipped the ring onto his finger. It was a bit too big for him, but resized itself to fit his finger when he slipped it on. Dumbledore noticed that there was now an engraving in the pearl that was the Resurrection Stone. He peered closer to read it. HJP. Harry's initials. They were engraved into the stone. Dumbledore took a hold of Harry's hand, and tried to ease the ring off his young charge's finger. It did not yield to his easing. Harry thumbed the ring off his finger, and it fell into Albus' palm. The Headmaster hissed as soon as the ring came into contact with his palm and he dropped it. With the reflexes of a seeker, the ring was back in Harry's hands in the blink of an eye. "You are one who would use the ring to try and bring back those who have passed," Harry clarified. Dumbledore opened his mouth as if to protest the claim, but then said instead, "Where is this information coming from, Harry?" Harry's unconscious glance at the ring was enough for Dumbledore to be on alert, "I know you think it won't hurt you, and I don't know what's going on, so I can't say with any certainty that you are wrong, but until we know for sure what's happening here, I think it may be a better idea to wait until we have studied the ring to wear it." Harry looked like he was about to argue, but thought better of it. The boy shrugged, and slipped the ring off of his finger, and slid it into his pocket. Dumbledore looked slightly disgruntled, as if he had expected the boy to hand the ring over to him, but decided that it was not going to do any more harm in Harry's pocket than it would in his own. The two walked outside of the small cottage. "We may as well apparate directly back to Hogsmeade," Dumbledore told Harry, "There is no need to walk all the way back to Little Hangleton." Harry nodded, and CRACK the Headmaster and his student were standing in front of the Hog's Head pub. "Successful search?" the barkeep asked gruffly. Albus nodded, "Quite," he said, "May I use the facilities," he asked politely. The barkeep snorted but pointed to his left nonetheless, where Harry could see an old wooden sign with a crudely drawn rendition of the universal logo for toilets. Nodding his thanks, Albus walked off into the washroom. The barkeep cleared his throat, "So, kid," he began, "What's the deal?" "I'm afraid I don't understand," Harry replied. "The deal," the barkeep said, "Whatever my brother wants you to convince me of. He wouldn't use the washroom here, right on the border of his school." "Maybe he really had to go?" Harry offered, "You gotta do what you gotta do," he said lamely, seeing the deadpan look on the barkeep's face. "Right…" he drawled out, "Well, whatever he wanted of you, you're not doing it very well," he said, "But then, maybe I'm throwing you off your game by knowing that there is a game being played here." "You're Dumbledore's brother," Harry blurted out. The barkeep looked vaguely, "My name's Dumbledore too, you know, but Aberforth will do, 'o minion of my brother." "I'm not a minion," Harry said defensively. "I'd bet you didn't even know what it was you were chasing today till you got there," Aberforth said dismissively. "Actually," Harry said, "Professor Dumbledore has come clean to me about very many things, and I happened to know of the object we were chasing well in advance, and was well-informed." Aberforth raised an eyebrow, "Well, that is new," he remarked, "I guess old dogs can learn new tricks." The Headmaster came out of the washroom, smiling genially, despite his battered appearance. "Aberforth," he greeted again. With a grunt, the barkeep pulled out the brooms which Harry and Albus had given him, and practically threw them at the Headmaster. "Good to see you too," the Headmaster inclined his head, and handed a broom to Harry. Within moments, the two of them were off, flying back to the castle. "What's up between you and your brother?" Harry asked curiously, "He doesn't seem to like you very much." "That would probably be a bit of an understatement," Dumbledore said, with a faraway melancholy look in his eyes. "So?" Harry needled, but Dumbledore shook his head. "A story for another day." *** End of Chapter
An: And after whining in the last chapter about how I had to finish the ring thing...I still didn't. An2: So I kinda want this update to be 3200 words, because that would push TIP over one hundred thousand words, and that would be a big thing for me! If this chapter ends up coming out late because of this...sorry An3: Also sorry if I'm just kinda lazy and don't actually make it all the way to 3200 words, because that is a LOT of words. Well, at any rate, I will TRY. An4: So I'm on holiday now, and there is very little access to internet so hey, maybe I WILL make it all the way to 3200...at this rate, I'll make it to 3200 just with author notes. An5: Fun Fact: I have said 3200 FIVE TIMES in this AN. I don't know what's wrong with me, either. *** Later, Hogwarts Harry fingered the ring which was lying on the table. "Don't touch it," Albus said. "C'mon Professor, it's harmless," Harry protested, not letting up touching his own ring. "We don't know that yet," Albus retorted, before the expression on his face changed to a more pleased one, "But we are about to find out," he said, "Come in, Nicolas." Nicolas Flamel entered the office of the Headmaster. "All good, Albus?" the oldest man in the world asked casually. "To cut to the chase, old friend," Dumbledore began, "I would like you to take a look at a ring for me, and check it for curses and such, and tell me what you think of it." Flamel hmmed, "Very well then, where have you kept it?" Harry gestured wordlessly to Dumbledore's table. With a flick of a single finger, the ring shot into the air. Unlike Dumbledore, who used his wand and muttered complex and arcane spells to test the ring, Nicolas merely observed it in silence. He did not hold his wand - Harry could still see it stowed away in his holster - and he wasn't saying a single word. "Where did you come across this?" Flamel asked, his voice betraying a sense of awe. Without answering Flamel's question, Albus responded with a question of his own, "So it is the Resurrection Stone?" he confirmed. Flamel nodded, "There are no curses placed on it by any humans, but it bears the unmistakable mark of Death. What's more..." he said dramatically, "The Stone has picked a welder." Dumbledore gasped, at the same time as Harry asked in a confused tone, "What does that mean?" "The Resurrection Stone has chosen you to wield it," Flamel explained to the young Potter. "But I don't want to bring anyone back from the dead!" Harry protested, before hesitating, thinking of the parents he had never had the opportunity to get to know. Dumbledore looked at him sadly, knowing what Harry must have been thinking of. "That is wise beyond your years," Nicolas observed, "To let the resting be is a lesson that not many wizards have learned." "So?" Harry prompted, "What does this stuff with the stone even mean?" The two old men looked at each other, clearly trying to figure out what to tell the boy. They were saved the trouble of having to do so by a patronus - a majestic elephant - bursting into the room. The elephant spoke in the voice of Babajide Akingbade, a man who both Nicolas and Albus were familiar with, but Harry had yet to have the pleasure to have met, or indeed have heard the voice of. "The Ministry has fallen." *** An hour earlier, The Ministry for Magic, London The Dark Lord stood outside the Ministry for Magic, on a normally-crowded street in the middle of muggle London. It was deserted. Voldemort did not yet want to take on the muggles directly - though he planned for them to fall under his direct control in years to come, perhaps after he had taken over all of Wizarding Britain - so his men had been working on redirecting muggles around the area, and using extensive muggle-repelling charms. It had proved even beyond the ability of Voldemort's resourceful men to deal with all of the muggles' technology, so The Darkness had to lend a helping hand to obscure the street from technology. Behind the Dark Lord stood a contingent of about three dozen of Voldemort's best Death Eaters, all ready to storm the Ministry itself. Voldemort had not wanted to attack the Ministry till the following summer, as he wanted to grow his strength further before launching an attack on that scale, but his hand had been forced by The Darkness, which was pushing him to take Harry Potter as soon as possible, and he could only get to the wizarding school of Hogwarts after he had taken over the Ministry. Voldemort raised his wand arm, and all of the Death Eaters fired blasting spells at the phone booth which served as the entry to the Ministry of Magic. The booth was blasted into smithereens within seconds. It left a hole on the floor, which was shimmering, as it was magically enchanted to protect the Ministry, and only allow one person at a time, to prevent a storming of the Ministry, exactly what Voldemort was about to do, at the moment. Some of his men shot blasting spells at the hole, but to no avail, the enchantment stayed, and the ground refused to be blown up, probably due to more security upon the Ministry, which was located underground. Voldemort waved them off, and pointed his own wand at the shimmering hole. Without saying a word, the Dark Lord cast a spell which ripped straight through the enchantment and burst a large cavity in the ground, leading directly to the atrium of the Ministry for Magic. With the enchantments down, all of Voldemort's men apparated straight into the atrium. As had been planned, the first spell any of them cast was not any kind of battle spell, but rather the Imperius curse. As each Death Eater hit their targets - who were not moving due to the surprise part of the surprise assault - the numbers under Voldemort's control doubled from thirty-five men to seventy. The Death Eaters had the Ministry employees under their control surround them, so all the fire from the other employees hit their own colleagues instead of the enemies. The battle was short, as the Ministry employees were all forced to retreat from the atrium, or were imperiused before they could. All of the Ministry employees with even half a brain fled to the level where the Department for Magical Law Enforcement was located. Only the very stupid and the very brave stayed on in the atrium, the former just to try and fight a battle which it should have been obvious they would lose, and the latter to try and distract the Death Eaters so that others of their own side could escape. One person of the latter category of those who stayed was Cyril Cosmos. He had been on his way to deliver a report to Amelia herself when the attack started. The Greek immediately began to fire at the Death Eaters, but soon realised that it was a futile endeavour which was harming his comrades as much as his enemies. Instead, he focused his endeavours on protecting those who were fleeing, with large shields which blocked the spells which the Death Eaters were sending. In his haste to save others, he was not able to save himself. The Dark Lord, Voldemort, hit Cyril Cosmos with the killing curse, and Cyril Cosmos was no more. *** Department for Magical Law Enforcement Amelia Bones made her way to the DMLE. She knew, without a doubt, that that was where the resistance to the assault would be organised, and the Minister for Magic was completely right. The floor was barricaded, as desks and tables had been put up right in front of the elevator. The moment she stepped out, a wand was put to her throat, and she could spy several more being pointed at her discreetly from behind the makeshift barricade of office furniture. The Minister looked up at the man who had a wand to her throat, and found it to be Babajide Akingbade, whose very presence made her feel a little bit relieved. "Name," he growled out, despite knowing full well who he was face-to-face with. "Amelia Bones, Minister for Magic," Amelia said, as calmly as she could, given the circumstances. Before she could even see him move, Baba had moved his aim to her left ear, and shot a powerful stinging spell at it. Amelia yelped as she nursed her ear and glared at Baba, "What was that for!" she asked. "The shock would shock you out of the Imperius curse," Baba explained, "If you were under it." "I wasn't though," Amelia muttered, despite knowing that she herself would not be taking any such chances herself, in such a crisis situation. The elevator opened again, except this time, it was a contingent of unknown Ministry wizards, who immediately began to fire spells at Amelia, upon recognising her. With a large gust of air from the side of Babajide, they were all blown into the wall, which knocked them all out cold. "Get inside," Baba said shortly, "We're trying to figure out the best course of action from here." One of the people behind the barricade moved aside one of the tables to let Amelia in. Once she was in, Amelia recognised another familiar face manning the barricade. Anu Iyer, the Indian witch. "Anu," Amelia said, "It's good to see you here," she grinned at her normally cheerful friend, but did not receive a grin in return. The Minister's grin faded at the grim expression on Anu's face, and the dried tear-tracks running down her face. "Amelia," she said, painfully quietly, "Cyril, he-he didn't make it," she rushed out. Amelia had not personally been very close at all to the Greek wizard, but she could feel for her distraught friend, who she knew had been extremely close to the late Cyril Cosmos. "Amelia!" she heard a voice exclaim, as she tried to comfort her friend. She looked up to see the scarred face of her replacement as the head of the DMLE, Rufus Scrimgeour. "The wards are down," he said in a softer voice, "We are trying to get as many of the employees of the Ministry, apart from my Aurors and the few peacekeepers, out of here as possible. We don't want any more casualties than are strictly necessary." Amelia nodded, that made sense. Rufus kept looking at her expectantly, and she began to feel a little bit uneasy. "What?" she asked, more than a little grumpily, "Don't you have anything better to do than stare at me?" Rufus hesitated, "I know you want to be in the thick of things, Amelia," he started, "but I think it might be a better idea if we get you out of here. I'm going to level with you, the Dark Lord himself is here. Right now. We stand no chance of keeping this building. It is a losing battle. If you get out of here, you can rebuild the Ministry somewhere else. If he gets you, the Ministry is done for, this country is done for." He took a breath. Amelia prepared to protest, but he shot her a pleading look. "Please, Amelia." he said, "Apparate to Bones Manor, get out of here." Amelia hesitated, weighing up her options. That was the moment when the barricade was blown into smithereens. The Dark Lord's eyes immediately settled on Amelia. She knew she was done for. She knew it the moment she looked into the eyes of the Dark Lord, and saw the power and the intent, and she knew she couldn't do anything to stop her imminent demise. She tried nonetheless. Amelia raised her wand arm, preparing a spell on its tip, but she felt like she was moving in slow motion, relative to Voldemort. The killing curse left his wand. She couldn't move. Then she moved. Or more accurately, she was moved. Amelia stumbled and fell onto the floor. "Apparate, Amelia," Rufus Scrimgeour barked at her, right before the killing curse hit him in the middle of his chest. She apparated just before the next killing curse passed right through the spot she had just been occupying. Voldemort laughed out loud. Mockingly. "Your Minister…" he lingered on the word with extreme vitriol, "has fled. What do you fight for now? Why resist me?" The Aurors and Ministry employees all hesitated for just the split second requisite for the Death Eaters to mass murder about half of their numbers. The remaining employees took one look at each other, and - those that could manage to do so before they were killed - apparated. Anu shot one final curse before leaving. Baba was the last wizard left in the Ministry. With a roar of fury, he hurled fire around him in scales which he could scarcely control. He took out eleven Death Eaters before the Dark Lord was able to get the fires and such back under control. Then, with a final deafening crack, Babajide apparated away as well. *** Present, Hogwarts The elephant spoke in the voice of Babajide Akingbade, a man who both Nicolas and Albus were familiar with, but Harry had yet to have the pleasure to have met, or indeed have heard the voice of. "The Ministry has fallen." the gravelly voice of the Nigerian wizard came across. Albus, Nicolas, and Harry gasped appropriately. "Amelia survived the attack," Babajide continued, "But there were many, many casualties. The remainders of the Ministry have dispersed, but they are not safe right now. As this patronus speaks to you, I have sent others to try and gather as many people as possible at Black Manor, which Arcturus has agreed to use. Please make your way to here as soon as possible to discuss further." With that, the silvery ethereal elephant faded into mist, which was carried away by the wind. It was a few minutes before anyone spoke. "Harry," Dumbledore said quietly, "Please go and inform Iliad of these...happenings, Nicolas and myself will head forward to Black Manor." Harry nodded, deciding not to protest that he be allowed to come, for it was no doubt going to be enough of a headache for the two old men among others in the days to come. Surprisingly, it was Nicolas who spoke up, "No Albus, I will send my own patronus," he took out his wand. "Why bother?" Dumbledore asked. "Because the boy is coming with us," Flamel said, "I believe I may have an idea as to 'the power he knows not.'" *** Black Manor In the end, Iliad did not accompany Dumbledore, Flamel, and Harry to Black Manor. With the other two leaving Hogwarts, Iliad decided that he had better stay at the school to ensure the security, considering that Voldemort now had the resources to besiege the school. Black Manor was overflowing with escaped employees of the Ministry. A lot of the loyal members of the Ministry had not only come themselves, but some had also brought along their families, to protect them from being attacked by Voldemort's ministry in retaliation. Presently, there was a meeting going on between the most powerful individuals on the side of the light. And also Harry. Babajide Akingbade, Amelia Bones, Anu Iyer, Kingsley Shacklebolt (in place of the recently deceased Scrimgeour), Arcturus Black, Nicolas Flamel, Albus Dumbledore, and Harry Potter were in attendance at the meeting. The atmosphere was grim, as Anu informed the rest of the committee of the deaths of Cyril Cosmos and Rufus Scrimgeour. Amelia got up to speak. The poor woman seemed more defeated than anyone had ever seen her before. She hesitated before she began to speak. "At this point," she began, "it is next to impossible to regain control of the Ministry. For all intents and purposes, our Ministry are the rebels now. I am more than a little ashamed that he was able to simply walk into, and walk over, my Ministry, but there is little that can be done about that now." She sighed, "Does anybody have any ideas how to proceed?" she asked with a bare minimum of hope. Other people continued to speak. Babajide rose, "I think right now, we are beyond the point of bargaining with the ICW," he said, "We must send a plea to them for help, and hope that they put their entire force into restricting the rise of Voldemort. Surely, they will notice the danger posed to all magical society by the threat of Voldemort. The matter of British governance can be sorted out after the current government has been deposed of its power." "But even with the entire force of the ICW, the fact remains that there is no-one who can directly take down Voldemort himself," Amelia said, "I'm sure we'll be able to take on his Death Eaters, but who is going to take on the Dark Lord?" Harry looked nervous, but remained silent. Dumbledore cleared his throat, "There is a prophecy," he said, "A prophecy which predicts that Harry Potter will be the one who can take down Voldemort. It is said that he will do so with a power that Voldemort 'knows not'." As soon as Dumbledore said this, chaos broke out in the room, each of the people with their own points of view. "Silence!" Amelia commanded, then waited until the entire room had become silent, and she had the attention of all of the occupants of the room. She cleared her throat. "I do not think it is wise, Dumbledore," she began saying, "to put the fate of the Wizarding World upon the shoulders of a teenage boy, no matter what a prophecy says. Besides, I don't even think that we know what this mysterious power of Potter's is." Harry looked somewhat awkward, being there while he was being talked about. He still remained silent. "Actually," Nicolas said, "I think I might know that this mysterious power is." *** End of Chapter An: WOOO! This is only the second time in all 76 chapters of TIP that I have crossed the boundary of 3000 words in a single chapter. I know there's a lot of stories where this chapter length is either average, or even a lot smaller than an average chapter, but for me, and how I structure my chapters, it is quite a big deal and it makes me happy to have written a large chapter. It's extra special because I've hit 100,000 words. That feels massive, you know? A massive thank you to all of you who have read and supported TIP over the years that I've been writing it. Yeah. Thanks a ton guys.
An: Yes, I did scroll all the way to 1994 on my calendar to check the day. You'll know what I mean when you get there. *** Iliad's Quarters, Hogwarts The Master of Death. Harry still couldn't come to terms with it. Nicolas Flamel's proclamation had been met with a lot of incredulity from the rest of the congregation of assorted leaders. Even Dumbledore, who Harry knew had the highest regard for Flamel, was extremely against the possibility of Harry becoming the 'Master of Death'. Truth be told, Harry himself did not think he could be the Master of Death. He could feel the connection which he had with the ring. He could feel the aura of Death surrounding it, he was sure it was an aura of Death, but there was a feeling emanating from the ring, and it was not exactly subservience. The ring felt like it was his tool to use, but it did not feel like he was the Master of Death. He could not explain the feeling, no matter how he tried, but it was as if the Stone was communicating with him somehow. It had formed some kind of relationship with him, but whatever it was, it was not that of a Master and his servant. The young Potter could not get that idea to sit very well in his head, but the oldest man in the world seemed very sure of it. Harry fingered the ring. He did that a lot, he realised. The black pearl - stone - inside of the ring glinted back at him, and he wished he could speak to it in english instead of vague and random feelings. Harry jerked his head up at the sound of paper slapping slab. Iliad had thrown down his newspaper in disgust. Harry noticed the byline of the article before he even managed to comprehend the headline, and he knew immediately that the article could only possible spell some kind of bad news. It was, after all, written by Rita Skeeter. "That woman writes absolute trash," Iliad said. He was clearly disgusted by the article, and from the headline, Harry had a bit of an idea as to why the Greengrass Lord was irritated. "What's this?" Hermione asked, wiping her forehead of sweat after her training session with Iliad. "Daily Prophet article," Harry provided as much as he knew about the article which had been angrily thrust upon the marble slab of the coffee table in the living quarters of Iliad at Hogwarts. "What does it say?" Hermione asked, always full of questions. "Nothing good I'm sure," Daphne said darkly, scooching across the floor from where she had been sitting cross-legged to be next to her two friends, and to crane her head to head the article along with them. "Oh my," she gasped. Harry could not believe what he was reading. "This is complete and utter balderdash," Hermione bit out angrily, she had become a lot wiser than her naive self from first year, when she had believed in the sainthood of the printed word, but she was still outraged by those who abused the medium of print in the way that Rita Skeeter did. "Don't we have some dirt on Skeeter which we can use?" Harry asked thoughtfully, thinking of their previous interactions with the vile woman, where they had come out on top, "About her animagus form, or something like that." Iliad shook his head, "That only holds weight if the Ministry would take any action against her on our word. As it is, she is far too valuable an asset to Voldemort for them to lose her to something as insignificant - to them - as the law." Harry sighed, and finished reading the article, along with the other three people who were with him. "This is not good," Iliad summarised, grimly. TRAITOR BONES FLEES MINISTRY. ELECTION'S SECOND PLACE THICKNESSE TAKES OFFICE Rita Skeeter October 31, 1994 In the early evening yesterday, Sunday, October the 30th, traitor to the Ministry, former Minister Amelia Bones, fled the Ministry, upon an attack by revolutionaries, who seized control of the Ministry on behalf of the people. Traitor Bones grabbed the top office with two greedy hands upon the tragic passing of previous Minister for Magic, Cornelius Fudge - who will always be remembered as one of our greatest leaders. Incidentally, Fudge was assassinated while under the protection of an Auror detail entirely loyal to Bones, who was the head of the Department for Magical Law Enforcement at the time, for those who do not know. It is not hard to speculate upon Bones' possible involvement in the assassination, as she certainly had the power to effect such. Celebrated Auror, Oggy Selwyn, claims that Bones was a much hated head of the DMLE, and says that he was passed over for promotion several times due to her strong bias against those pure of blood, remaining a Junior Auror, despite his greatness. Following the assassination of Minister Fudge, Bones took office in an emergency rushed procedure, which left much to be desired. She rose to power on the back of a smear campaign upon Lord Voldemort, as opposed to any merits of her own. (More on the incorrect portrayal of the Lord Voldemort on page 3) The rightful Minister, Pius Thicknesse was denied the top role due to this smear campaign, but still lost by only a simple margin of 100 votes. At the time, he ceded the position graciously to Bones, hoping that she would be able to do a better job as Minister than she did as the head of law enforcement, and trusting in the power of the people. After Bones took power however, Pius saw her vengeful campaign against Lord Voldemort, who she targeted and provoked into retaliation with little basis in anything that concerned the governance of the Wizarding World. Pius was bewildered by her aggression but this reporter has found out what was up with Bones. Amelia Bones' brother, Edgar, was a member of the terrorist group known as 'The Order of the Phoenix'. Because of his actions as part of the Order, he was involved in a confrontation with the Lord Voldemort, and passed away as a result. Bones clearly blames the Lord for the death of her brother, which has caused her to lambast him. More to the point, seeing the suffering of the British people under the administration of Bones, Pius organised a revolution, which stormed the Ministry for Magic, and deposed of Bones, who fled the scene with her tail between her legs. Following the despot's deposition, Pius humbly accepted the post of Minister from those that supported him. As he came second in the vote which was held, the Ministry decided, unanimously, that it was not necessary to hold another vote, and the existing vote would hold sufficient weightage. To justify his taking of office, Amelia Bones has been declared a public enemy, which makes her election ineligible, which makes Pius' taking of office completely legal. We can only hope that Pius leads our country to better times, but this reporter, for one, is confident that he will live up to the legacy of Minister Fudge, and lead our country into the next great age of Wizarding Britain. *** End of Chapter
*** The happenings of November The smear campaign against Amelia, and the entirety of the light side, was met with fierce competition. It was not an immediate success as the Dark Lord had assumed it would be, and it did not crush the light side as had been initially thought. The mistake which Voldemort had made, in his haste, was to target Amelia first. He had thought that Amelia would be a softer target than Albus Dumbledore. It would have definitely been a harder fight to besmirch the name of the most famed and popular wizard in all of Britain. He had planned to crush the light side in the opinion of the public, and then cast Dumbledore under the same umbrella. What he did not anticipate was that Albus would not take this blow to his cause lying down, and wait for his own turn on the slaughtering block. Nor did he anticipate the nigh unlimited finances of the House Black to fund a fight back in the press. 'The Times of the Phoenix' hit the market within four days of the beginning of the smear campaign. With hundreds of thousands of galleons behind it, and magic speeding up the production of the printing press, Albus Dumbledore as chief editor, and the combined minds and might of Iliad Greengrass, Arcturus Black, and Nicolas Flamel (from behind the scenes, of course), the very first copy was distributed to every single witch and wizard in Magical Britain. The very first page of the paper claimed it to be a true and honest source of information for all British citizens. In its own words, 'to ensure that the truth reaches all the people of Magical Britain', the paper was to be distributed to every magical citizen free-of-cost, for one entire year. In the span of 24 hours, the Prophet and the Phoenix were embroiled in a press-war. People's beliefs were conflicted between the woman who they believed to be the best reporter in the world, and the man they believed to be the greatest wizard in the entire world. The end result was that those who believed in Dumbledore, and the light side, continued to do so, rebelling against the new Ministry's administration, while those who were on the side of the dark, continued to oppose Dumbledore and his reforms. Despite his best efforts to the contrary, it was made public knowledge that Lord Voldemort was the true power behind Pius Thicknesse, and his government. Amelia Bones provided her memory of her last few moments before her escape from the Ministry, which showed Scrimgeour sacrificing his own life to save hers, and clearly showed the assault was instigated by Voldemort himself. The memory was developed into a wizarding photo which covered the front page of the Times of the Phoenix. Scrimgeour became a sort of martyr for the light side, and the image of his death, taken from the Times of the Phoenix, was plastered across posters and banners at anti-Thicknesse, and anti-Voldemort protests. On the back of the same memory, Amelia became a figurehead of the rebellion, gaining an importance in the public eye which she had never held before. She was the most hotly contested figure, with very polarised views on her between magical citizens. As much of a victory as it was for the light side, in the end all they managed to do was equal the efforts of the dark, and while that was of extreme importance, and not doing so could have meant the crushing of any hope of victory, it did not change that they were in a position of weakness. While riots and protests against the administration started out strong, with his cover of innocence blown, Thicknesse brought his full force of Aurors against the protestors. Those who protested were ruthlessly assaulted by Aurors, some who were directly controlled by Voldemort, and others who were under the Imperius curse to ensure their cooperation. Only those Aurors loyal to Dumbledore were able to escape the Imperius, as they were saved by emergency alarm charms which the Headmaster had placed upon their person. Upon the usage of the Imperius, Dumbledore knew to go to them and dispel the curse, and he was keyed into the wards of all of their homes. He could not however, free all of the other Aurors. Under this assault, the number of protests began to wane, and those unsatisfied with the administration had to express their displeasure in secret, and not in any public forums. The ICW personnel who had not been slaughtered in the invasion by Voldemort remained with Babajide, who was their leader, who was sided with Albus. They were sometimes deployed to save people at certain protests which Baba and Albus were aware of, but their numbers were few, and their knowledge of protests incomplete, so they could not be relied upon. Voldemort himself had not been seen. Some treated this as a cause for relief, but Albus, Baba, and the others found themselves worried by this. This could only mean that the Dark Lord was busy planning another scheme, and frankly they did not have the time to deal with anything more than they were already. Black Manor had been transformed into a home for refugees escaping the government, but there were only so many people who could be held, even with the enchanted tents made to have a dozen bedrooms inside of them. As Black Manor became the hub for refugees, the organisation of 'The Resistance', as Dumbledore and his ilk had come to be known as, moved over to Hogwarts. The Resistance held its meetings in the Room of Requirement, and sometimes members of The Resistance who were in need of a place to stay stayed in the Room of Requirement as well. Much as Dumbledore loathed the fact that it could possibly endanger his students, Hogwarts had become the bastion of the resistance. They were at a stalemate, and it was clear that something would soon happen to break it. *** End of Chapter
*** December 1994, Hogwarts Or not. December passed dismally, but without event. Not a single student was sent home for Christmas at Hogwarts. The school refused to send the Express home. Parents were allowed to pick up their children for the holidays, but no parents took the opportunity. It was not surprising for those on the light side, who clearly wanted their children to be at the safest possible place, but it was surprising that all of the families who clearly supported Lord Voldemort were keeping their children at the school as well. 'Perhaps to have eyes and ears inside the headquarters of the light?' Harry theorised, inside of his own head. He, Hermione, and Daphne spent the mornings and afternoons, the time which they would spend in classes during regular term, training vigorously with Iliad, who was going all out all the time against the three Hogwarts students. He had even lost a few duels, and the distance between the students and their teacher was getting smaller. Only their smaller magical core held them back from being able to take him on individually. *** January 1995, Riddle Manor Blood gushed from the eye sockets of the self-styled Lord Voldemort. The Dark Lord had long since clawed out his own eyes at the pain splitting his head apart, at the anger which The Darkness was inflicting upon him. "Potter!" it hissed inside of his head, "Potter, Potter, Potter!" "I have a plan!" Voldemort rasped out, "I have another plan!" Pain wracked his body with renewed force. "You had a plan last time…" "This one will work, I promise!" the Dark Lord rasped, "I will take Dumbledore out of the picture, without him Potter will be mine!" "Mine!" "Yours!" Voldemort cried out at the pain he was feeling, "Yours, yours yours. All yours!" "That's right." Voldemort shivered, as the pain faded. The Darkness granted him vision, without his eyes, his empty eye sockets glowing a malevolent red. "This plan… when will it take place…" The Dark Lord took a deep breath, like a child about to confess to a parent. "J-J…" "Spit it out." "June!" The pain was familiar. *** February 1995, Hogwarts Classes were back on. Training was moved back to the evenings, as classes started once again, and it was only a few hours, to allow the children a little bit of time to just exist, and relax. Not that they could do much relaxing, not with the war still ongoing. It was still a productive time though, and Iliad was confident that his three students were more than a match to take on Aurors on their own. *** March 1995, The War Effort Albus was busy, at most times, manning the press and coordinating the movements of those loyal to him, against Voldemort. Arcturus was a general, leading raids against known Death Eaters, burning as much of their estates as possible before the opposition became too large to face with his meagre numbers. Nicolas had disappeared, and he hadn't been heard from for a little while. Amelia was giving speeches at rallies, to raise the morale of those on the light side. This was at a significant danger to herself, as Thicknesse's Aurors would take apart such rallies more often than not. Every time such an event took place at a rally she was attending, Amelia fought the Death Eaters to the best of her ability, to make sure that no-one thought of her as a coward. Despite being a Hufflepuff at heart, the claims made against her in the Daily Prophet did not sit well with the woman at all. With great reluctance, Babajide had left Britain to negotiate with the ICW on behalf of Amelia's Resistance. *** April 1995, International Confederation of Wizards Emergency Conference "Maybe," Nicolau Moutinho, the delegate of Magical Brazil, started, "We should attempt to try and cooperate with this Pius Thicknesse fellow, certainly his methods of obtaining power were… unconventional, but he is the man in the top office in Britain. If the rumours of his loyalty to the Dark Lord are true, we can negotiate with him through Thicknesse." Babajide resisted the urge to massage his temples at the headache which was the International Confederation of Wizards. Albus was not present at the meeting. He had been replaced as the english delegate by none other than Lucius Malfoy, who was known by Babajide to be one of the stooges of Voldemort. Babajide had been unanimously made Supreme Mugwump, as there was now no-one left on the council with even a fourth of the political clout that he did. Immediately upon receiving the prestigious position, Babajide asked upon Emmanuel Delacour to take his place, as he had his own part to speak. Unfortunately for Baba, between Lucius Malfoy, and Moutinho, as well as his (MACUSA too, but mostly) South American faction, Babajide's words were not heeded as much as they should have been, nor did he get enough of an opportunity to speak. The meeting had no result, as the ICW voted mostly to stay out of Britain, for the time being. "Bloody spineless fools," Babajide muttered, just after the meeting ended. "My, my, someone's angry." Baba heard the silky voice of Lucius Malfoy. "Mr Malfoy," Baba nodded his head. "Mr Akingbade," Malfoy said as if he were delighted at meeting the large Nigerian man, "I'm sure you must be happy now that the ICW does not require your services in Britain. You can finally return to your home in Nairobi. "Abuja," the Nigerian wizard corrected tightly, "And as you well know, Mr Malfoy, I have requested an Auror transfer to your country… I had quite an enjoyable time there." "Oh, yes, about that," Malfoy said, "Our Auror offices are full, I hate to do so, but I must turn you down on your application." Honestly, Baba had expected that annoyance. *** May 1995, Hogwarts Things were tense. The war was at a standstill, but there was an ominous feeling around. The students who supported the light were tense, while Draco Malfoy and his group of hooligans were getting more cocky by the day. "Next month is June," Harry murmured under his breath, "Voldemort will do something next month." Hermione whacked him over the head with a book, "Just because it's happened every year so far doesn't mean it will this year as well." *** June 1995, Hogwarts The entire castle shook on its foundations. People who were on the grounds, or indeed those who looked out of their windows, could see a translucent blue dome surrounding the school, which was being pushed upon by thick tendrils of pure blackness, which could only possibly be one thing. The Darkness. "I knew it," Harry muttered. "What is it, Harry?" Hermione asked. "It's June." "Oh for god's sake!" *** End of Chapter
*** June 1994, Hogwarts The Dark Lord Voldemort stood at the gates of Hogwarts. Despite his long opposition to Dumbledore, he had not stepped into the castle since all those years ago when he had come for a job interview. Despite all of the decades it had been, the Dark Lord still habitually expected the gates of the old castle to soundlessly swing open in front of him, as they had so many times while he had been a student. Instead, his presence garnered the exact opposite reaction. Intricate bolts began to swing, reinforcing the gate. The gaps between bars were covered by sliding plates. The gates were now flush with the wall, merely a slab of metal, sandwiched between the walls made out of stone. Voldemort took a few last relaxed breaths. He knew that the full power of The Darkness would be required to penetrate the castle. He spread his arms wide, and Darkness seeped out of his sleeves, out of his collar, out of the hem of his robes. It continued coming and coming and coming, until he, and the army of Death Eaters behind him, were covered in Darkness. Voldemort moved his arms like he was the conductor of an orchestra, and The Darkness shaped itself into tendrils which shot at the school, meeting a blue dome, which came into visibility as it was attacked. The tendrils moved to try and grasp the bubble, as if they were the fingers of god, a very evil and shit-your-pants scary god. Upon getting a grip of the bubble, Voldemort squeezed his fist, and The Darkness, and its tendrils, followed suit. They squeezed the blue bubble tightly, and thin cracks began to appear all over the bubble, even as the stress began to take its toll on the Dark Lord, who fell to one knee. The Darkness which supported and animated his body leaving it to try and put further pressure onto the bubble. With a roar, Voldemort renewed his effort. The entire castle shook on its foundations. Even as Harry Potter reaffirmed his June-theory to Hermione Granger, Albus Dumbledore was formulating his plan of action up in his own office. He was feeding the blue dome with his own magic now, which was the only thing preventing the imminent shattering of the protections upon the castle. Suddenly, he felt the pressure of feeding the wards on his magical core reduce a little bit, and he knew that Iliad was taking his role as the Head of Security of the school of witchcraft and wizardry seriously. Nicolas Flamel had supplied Iliad with several objects to store magical energy, some of them already filled from Flamel's own resources, while others were empty, and Iliad spent his own magic everyday to fill more and more of the magic stores. Now, he was putting them to good use, as he connected them to the wards of Hogwarts, which was draining them at an extremely high rate. There were still seventeen peacekeepers who had yet to be reassigned from Britain, as Babajide had slowed down the bureaucracy in the process of reassigning some of the troops, leaving them to work with the resistance in Britain. All of them got the alert from Iliad's security system, and apparated right behind the forces of Voldemort, taking on the far larger numbers of the Death Eaters which the Dark Lord had brought along with him. The element of surprise was very useful, as over a dozen Death Eaters were taken out before they were even able to respond to the assault upon their faction, and managed to retaliate. Unfortunately, once they did retaliate, their superior numbers got the clear advantage over the peacekeepers. The good news for the peacekeepers was that the Dark Lord was still far too occupied in his efforts with the wards of Hogwarts to be able to help his forces at all, otherwise, it would already have been a massacre. The bad news was that there was a high chance it would turn out to be somewhat of a massacre anyway, as their numbers were reduced to just seven within ten minutes of combat. The Death Eaters were not afraid to cut them down ruthlessly. The dome cracked further, but like shatter-proof windows on muggle cars, it did not shatter. At this point, it was practically just fragments of ward-energy pressed so tightly together that it held up shape. With another roar, Voldemort squeezed tighter, if that was even possible. The wards of Hogwarts began to wail as if they were alive. The blue dome disappeared. Voldemort smiled triumphantly, before he finally noticed the scuffle taking place between his men and the peacekeepers. Seeing the Dark Lord was finally free to participate in the battle, the seven remaining peacekeepers cut their losses and apparated out of the location, back to Black Manor in order to regroup along with the rest of The Resistance. The blue dome finally out of the way, Voldemort simply walked up to the front gate of Hogwarts, still in the form of a slab of metal, and thereby still refusing Voldemort entry to the castle. Voldemort touched a finger to the cold metal, only to be blown back several metres, coming to a stop as he was caught by several tendrils of Darkness, which came out of his own sleeve to protect him. He grunted. It seemed like there were still defences on the old castle, something that he had not anticipated, especially after the strength of the initial wards, which he had just about managed to take down. The gate-turned-slab morphed once again. Only, it didn't change form, remaining a slab, the only difference was that there were now words, written in massive font, upon the gate. Voldemort peered to read the words written upon the gate Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus The Hogwarts motto which he knew only all too well. Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon. With a cold dread building in his stomach, Voldemort looked up to see one of the most terrifying sights he had ever laid his eyes upon. A massive dragon, the likes, or size, of which he had never seen before hovered over the castle protectively, made entirely out of the translucent blue energy which the dome had been made out of. With an ear-shattering roar, the Dragon of Hogwarts made itself known. *** End of Chapter
*** At the same time, Black Manor Seeing the Dark Lord was finally free to participate in the battle, the seven remaining peacekeepers cut their losses and apparated out of the location, back to Black Manor in order to regroup along with the rest of The Resistance. At Black Manor, The Resistance was being coordinated by none other than Sirius Black. In the years since his release from Azkaban, the heir to the Black family had filled out a lot, and had lost the pale and gaunt look which the years at the most dreaded prison in the Wizarding World had given him. He had not quite managed to get back to the handsomeness which he had bad before his while in prison, as his eyes could never lose to ever so slightly haunted look, but all in all, he was in very good shape, for a man out of Azkaban. However, he was still nervous giving orders to The Resistance. He was in charge because Arcturus was heading the defence against several other attacks by Death Eaters, around the country, and had left Sirius in charge, as he was busy. Only now, Sirius realised that the other attacks were probably ruses to prevent Arcturus from being involved in this fight. Even though he felt out of his league, Sirius continued to bark orders at the various members of the Resistance. "Emmanuel," Sirius said to the head of the Delacour family, over a mirror which allowed him to communicate with the French delegate to the ICW, "Go to the home of Nicolas Flamel, and tell him that he is needed here. Hogwarts is under attack by Voldemort himself, and we need as many of our heavy-hitters as we can get together." The French wizard nodded his understanding and disconnected the call. Sirius liked that about the Frenchman, he did not waste any time. Sirius counted seven peacekeepers. 'Ten casualties,' his brain calculated for him. "Peacekeepers," he instructed the scared lot, "You all are with me, okay? We're all going to return to Hogwarts, to defend the castle… at all costs." They nodded. Despite having lost the majority of their number, the remaining peacekeepers did not back out, and continued to believe in what was right. Sirius could feel his respect for the wizards in white grow. "Kingsley," he instructed the man who should have been the rightful head of the DMLE, "You bring your men with me too, okay?" Shacklebolt nodded. His 'men' were the few loyal Aurors, who Dumbledore had been able to save from the Ministry and Voldemort's liberal use of the Imperius curse. *** Hogwarts Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus The Hogwarts motto which he knew only all too well. Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon. With a cold dread building in his stomach, Voldemort looked up to see one of the most terrifying sights he had ever laid his eyes upon. A massive dragon, the likes, or size, of which he had never seen before hovered over the castle protectively, made entirely out of the translucent blue energy which the dome had been made out of. With an ear-shattering roar, the Dragon of Hogwarts made itself known. Voldemort rose to the level of the hovering dragon on a sea of Darkness, which held him up. Despite the huge platform upon which he was standing, the Dark Lord looked insignificantly tiny in comparison to the massive animal constructed out of magic. The Dragon flapped its wings and the gust of wind blew the Dark Lord away. The Dark Lord raised his hand once more, and tendrils shot at the great magical beast, tearing right through its wing with a massive ripping sound. The Dark Lord and the dragon sent at each other with extreme ferocity. Tendrils of Darkness which were several times larger than the trunks of trees brutally smashed the dragon, which replied with massive waves of air, as well as breath of fire. The Dark Lord laughed. The full might of Lord Voldemort, combined with The Darkness was held at bay by the magic of a school of all things. It wasn't the Ministry, or any ancient pureblood family Manor. It was the gods damned school. BAM! He was whacked off his wave of Darkness once more, his neck being snapped, then repaired by Darkness, which caught him and sent him rocketing at the dragon again. The fight continued, and the Death Eaters on the ground scattered to avoid being hit by all of the debris from the walls of the school, which were falling apart at the attacks by the Dark Lord, and even by some slightly careless gusts of wind and fire which were produced in defence of the castle by the dragon. Seeing an opportunity, as the walls began to fall apart and leave gaps through which the Death Eaters could enter, Lucius Malfoy, leading the Death Eaters in his master's stead, ordered the Dark Lord's men to storm the castle while its dragon was busy being dealt with by Voldemort. They entered the castle, but were surprised when they were met not with helpless students and a handful of competent teachers, but with several dozen fighters. A motley group, made up of some Aurors, some peacekeepers, as well as assorted followers of Dumbledore who were determined to help out, and fight, stood in the way of the Death Eaters. Leading the charge from the front were two men. Sirius Black, and Albus Dumbledore. Both were dressed in full battle regalia, and both had their wands drawn. Before the Death Eaters could do anything, hundreds of spells were being cast at them. Before they could even respond to the barrage of magic, a huge phoenix constructed out of fire appeared and rushed them as well, burning dozens of the Death Eaters, before they managed to put out the elemental magic using an excessive amount of aguamentis. "Two can play at that game, Dumbledore," Lucius Malfoy snapped, sending walls of air to knock over members of The Resistance, but it was clear that his elemental magic could not compare to the sheer scale of the kind of magic which was being used by the Headmaster of Hogwarts. "Strong you may be, Lucius," Dumbledore said calmly, but with steel in his voice, "But you are no match for me." And with that, he blew Lucius into one of the remaining portions of the walls of Hogwarts, with a gust of wind so powerful that the Lord Malfoy was helpless to stop it. He hit the wall at a bad angle, and fell. He did not get up. The morale of the light side, however, fell almost as quickly as it had risen. With a massive ear-splitting wail, the Dragon of Hogwarts was finally entirely torn apart by the Dark Lord. Panting, and looking like, all hell, Voldemort lowered himself on the tendrils of Darkness which held him inside of the boundaries of the castle. "Tom," Dumbledore said, coldly, "I see you have lowered yourself to attacking my school." Voldemort replied by throwing himself at the Headmaster of Hogwarts, without a word. Dumbledore raised his wand, easily falling into a battle stance. The two wizards clashed. *** End of Chapter An: Yeah
An: I don't even know whether my average-at-best fight-scene writing skills can do any justice to the epicness that I want to portray, but, well, I'm going to go ahead and try anyway. I've been writing very, very fast recently, which I'm quite happy about, but also I think I might want to take a little bit of time on this chapter? Or maybe I'll split it into little bits, to keep the rate of updates somewhat similar, and have some suspense. Hmm, I don't know, I guess we'll find out as this chapter moves along. I hope all of you enjoy! Without any further ado, presenting… Albus Dumbledore vs Lord Voldemort! *** Present "Tom," Dumbledore said, coldly, "I see you have lowered yourself to attacking my school." Voldemort replied by throwing himself at the Headmaster of Hogwarts, without a word. Dumbledore raised his wand, easily falling into a battle stance. The two wizards clashed. And what a clash it was. No wizard on either side could believe how intense the duel between two of the greatest wizards of all time was. All of the forces of both sides combined could not hope to match either one of the two combatants locked in battle. Lord Voldemort had used the full extent of The Darkness under his control (about twenty-four percent, he reckoned) only a few times, and only to break wards far beyond his own capabilities, so far. Albus was the first wizard to have the (admittedly dubious) honour to be faced with nearly a quarter of the entire might of The Darkness… not to mention the already legendary skills of Lord Voldemort himself. Voldemort used himself as a sort of a weapon. His entire body was covered in Darkness, using it as a sort of armour. He flew at Dumbledore at breakneck speeds, his arms turning to blades to try and slash at the Headmaster. He was fought off as the Headmaster raised his wand, which collided with the arm-turned-blade, and managed to hold it at bay. To the disbelief of the Dark Lord, the fifteen-inch long piece of wood did not break or, indeed, even crack at all. Dumbledore whispered a spell under his breath, and Voldemort was repelled, only flying backwards a single metre, before he was caught by tendrils of Darkness, which held him up, from where he sent bolts of Darkness flying at Albus. They were countered almost as soon as they were sent at him, by short bursts of fire. Upon contact with the fire, the bolts of Darkness withered and burned away. Voldemort raised an arm, and a mass of black coalesced over his head. He swung his arm downwards, and the Darkness followed his commands, coming down upon the Headmaster. With a sweeping gesture, Dumbledore surrounded himself in a globe of fire, which burned away the Darkness. As soon as the Darkness was burnt, Albus expelled the fire directly at Voldemort. A wall of water rose and doused out the fire as if it had been nothing. A steady stream of fire continued to be fired at Voldemort, evaporating his water completely, forcing the Dark Lord to apparate away, only to reappear behind Dumbledore. The Headmaster expected the move completely, whipping around, a whip made out of fire at the tip of his wand, to defend himself with. Unfortunately, he was not quite fast enough to prevent the ram of Darkness from, well, ramming into him at its full speed and intensity. He grunted as he was thrown away, slowing himself to a halt with an 'arresto momentum!'. Voldemort did not let up from his opportunity, sending dozens of dark spells flying at Dumbledore. The jets of light were avoided by the old man, who was still extremely agile, despite his age. None of the vital parts of his body had been crushed in the attack due to his battle robes, but Albus' nose was definitely broken, blood streaming out of it. Albus apparated right in front of Voldemort, a spell at the tip of his wand, but the Dark Lord apparated away once more. The two wizards began to fully utilise the space which they had to combat in, disappearing and reappearing casually, as easily as they walked and sidestepped stray spells. With a sound of exertion, Albus began to channel out pure energy, but with far more control than Babajide had in his own fight with the Dark Lord. The energy was tinted blue, as opposed to the pure white of the Nigerian wizard, and it surrounded Dumbledore, as he guided it with his wand. The old man's eyes glowed an extremely bright blue, like an overkill version of his usual twinkle. His long white hair glowed too, and seemed to be floating. Defying gravity. The energy surrounded him, and Dumbledore channeled it with his wand, sending thin, concentrated blasts of it at the Dark Lord. Voldemort simply raised a wall of Darkness, which took the energy head on. Much to the Dark Lord's surprise, portions of the Darkness withered away, not only burnt, but utterly and completely destroyed. While the blast had been stopped, he had lost the portion of Darkness he used to protect himself. So this was the game Dumbledore was playing. The Headmaster of Hogwarts continued sending beams of pure energy at the Dark Lord, except this time, Voldemort simply apparated out of the way of the strikes, as quickly as he possibly could, using walls of Darkness only when absolutely necessary to protect his own life. Dumbledore sent a particularly large beam of pure energy at him. Voldemort apparated once more. With a grunt, and some waving of his wand, the energy suddenly changed direction, as if it were a river being redirected, and went on to strike Voldemort, who did not anticipate this. The Dark Lord shifted at the last moment, throwing himself ungracefully to the ground, but not before his shoulder was struck, the Darkness protecting it, as well as his skin, withering away completely. Blood poured out of his wound thickly. Voldemort stared at Albus with disbelief. "You can't do that!" he accused Albus, "Once you've released energy in its purest form, it cannot be manipulated like that!" The Dark Lord looked upset that some mystery of magic which yet eluded him seemed to be clear to the Headmaster. "And yet I just did, Tom," Dumbledore said calmly, before apparating right in front of Voldemort, pure energy on the tip of his wand. In the split second before Dumbledore sent out the burst of pure energy, time seemed to slow down for the Dark Lord. Dumbledore's wand was right in front of his eyes. Despite the urgency of the situation at hand, despite the fact that his entire life's work and accumulation of power might be about to go down the drain, all that Voldemort could think of in that split second was how ornately carved Dumbledore's wand really was. It bore carvings that resembled clusters of some kind of berry running down its length. Elderberries. *** End of Chapter
*** Present The uppercut caught Albus off guard. The old man stumbled slightly, before regaining his balance. In the split second opening, Voldemort had landed another Darkness-enforced blow to Dumbledore's stomach. Albus spat out a wad of blood, "Fighting like a muggle now, Tom?" he asked, with a little bit of a mocking smile on his face. "The Elder Wand," his opponent barked out, "You have it." Any trace of a smile faded from Dumbledore's face, replaced with a look of pure horror, before he plastered his regular cool expression onto his face. "And listening to fairy-tales too," Albus said coolly, "You really have regressed," he spoke, even as he continued bombarding Voldemort with small blasts of pure energy. "You cannot fool me, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore" The Darkness rasped out loud, using the mouth of Voldemort. "I think you are fooling yourself, Tom." "I am notTom!" the reply was screamt out, and suddenly Dumbledore's entire world was filled with pain. His vision glitched. 'Like a muggle video game,' Albus thought weakly, as his vision came back to him slowly. The Headmaster of Hogwarts lay on the floor. He did not know how he had gotten there, but the simple, frail, body of Lord Voldemort stood in front of him. The Dark Lord looked surprisingly feeble when he was this close up, and without armour of Darkness to protect himself. He had no eyes, Dumbledore noticed, and there were tracks of dried blood down his face, like tears. He looked to be severely underweight, likely the result of subsisting on the magic of The Darkness, instead of eating particularly well. His arms were emaciated and thin, and his skin could not possibly have been any whiter. It was as if he had lost all of his melanin. His mouth was twisted into a grin, which it did not look like his body had the energy to form. Dumbledore realised that the Dark Lord was not a Lord of the Dark. He was its servant. Its tool. "You control him," Dumbledore rasped out, as he tried to scramble to his feet. Albus' knees cracked underneath him, and he fell once again. "Finally caught up, little boy?" Darkness replied. Albus raised his arm, but it withered. The water was sucked out of it. His wand. He needed his wand. He saw it lying there. At the feet of the possessed Lord Voldemort. He crawled feebly. Moving on broken legs towards The Darkness, dragging himself with his good arm. The body of Voldemort, threw back its head, hard enough for there to be an audible unpleasant crack, and cackled at the sight of his oldest enemy crawling towards him, his head bowed. Too late he realised what Albus was going for. Albus' fingers closed around the familiar wooden bumps of his wand, and it filled him with its power. The only power which could possibly deny The Darkness. Whispering healing spells, Albus' legs creaked back into position, the fractures repairing themselves in an instant. Albus apparated a few metres away before he could be speared by The Darkness. Pain wracked Albus' body, but a whispered "Finite Incantatem," managed to stop it. The Elder Wand was truly remarkable. Clambering to his feet clumsily, Albus held onto his wand with both hands, as if it was going to be pulled out of his grasp. The Darkness cocked its head to one side, "You are not Harry Potter," it observed, "But you wield the power of death." "So he is the Master of Death," Albus said, evenly, trying to regain his composure. The Darkness laughed once more, "You humans," it mocked, "So conceited." Albus smiled sadly, "So it has come to this." "What are you doing, boy?" Albus did not reply. He was busy muttering, waving the Elder Wand around, magic at its tip. Pure energy crackled around him again, and even The Darkness' own shards could not reach him, fizzling out at the energy circling Dumbledore. "If you do not stop behaving like a coward" The Darkness rasped, "I will target your allies." In the while that Albus had been fighting Voldemort, Sirius, Iliad, and The Resistance had managed to wipe out the small force of Death Eaters who had accompanied the Dark Lord, but not without their own casualties. Albus did not respond, his eyes were glowing magically, and he was chanting. *** Inside Hogwarts Harry, Hermione, and Daphne were rushing to their respective common rooms, when Harry stopped moving abruptly. "I have to go outside," he said suddenly. He knew he had to. His ring was telling him he had to. "This is no time to be playing hero, Potter!" Daphne snapped at him. "I'm not playing hero," he shot back, "I just need to go outside… cover me," he said suddenly, before he disappeared. "The invisibility cloak," Hermione breathed. "Where's Potter?" one of their housemates behind them - a boy named Ron, Hermione thought? - asked, worried about his classmate who had been right in front of him. "He's gone on ahead," Hermione covered. Daphne stared at her, "You're really covering for that imbecile?" "What else is there to do now," Hermione said, waspishly. *** Harry His cloak was connected to him, Harry realised. In the same way in which the stone was connected to him. It was the first time he had worn it since he had received the stone, and he could feel the strong bond. 'The Cloak of Death,' his mind made the connection in his head. Nicolas was right, after all. He was collecting the Deathly Hallows, and if his gut was right, The Stone was leading him to the third Deathly Hallow. The Elder Wand. Following the feeling in his gut led the young Potter directly to where the battle was thickest. He landed up just in time to see Sirius Black roundhouse kick Voldemort right in the head. Harry swelled up with pride, internally, at his godfather's defiance of the Dark Lord. Then he felt despair as he saw his godfather's wand be burnt by Voldemort. He had to do something. The Dark Lord was playing with his godfather, and Dumbledore was doing nothing. He whipped off his invisibility cloak. At once, the attention of Voldemort was turned towards him. "Harry Potter," he heard a voice call out from the body of Voldemort. A voice which was most definitely not that of Voldemort. He instinctively knew what he was talking to. The Darkness. The Darkness sounded pleased, "You are not yet the Champion of Death," it said, pleased. "Harry!" Sirius yelled out hoarsely in terror, "What are you doing here, get back inside the castle!" Iliad snarled, "Don't waste your life, Potter. Don't be a bloody Gryffindor, for once!" "I thought you would be here," Dumbledore's voice rang out calmly. Dumbledore was now surrounded in a thick white bubble of energy, with a slight blue tint. A tendril of Darkness leapt to kill Harry, but a beam of energy broke off to destroy the tendril. Dumbledore twirled his wand in his hand, one last time. "Come here, Harry," he said softly. And Harry did. Dumbledore handed Harry his wand. "This is yours," he said, and Harry felt power flood into him. Dumbledore walked up to The Darkness and spoke flatly, but definitively. "Kill me." And his neck was snapped. And the Headmaster of Hogwarts, one of the greatest wizards of all time, the War General, and Harry's first, and closest, mentor, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore died. The white bubble expanded suddenly, and it pushed The Darkness away. It expanded to cover the entire school, as if replacing the wards which Voldemort had removed. The Darkness moved to enter the bubble, only to be burnt where its foot had crossed over. It screamed. It could not enter. Hogwarts was safe. *** End of Chapter
An: OKAY, SO SUPER IMPORTANT NOTE UP TOP. EVEN IF YOU'VE ALREADY READ THIS CHAPTER, PLEASE LOOK AT THIS NOTE RIGHT NOW. So there is this site called webnovel. I will be posting TIP on that platform as well as FFNet. Webnovel will have chapters a few days in advance so if you want to head over there and read, that would be much appreciated. I haven't posted TIP quite yet, but I believe I will sometime today, and when it is posted, it will also have chapter 85, which has yet to be posted on here. For those of you who prefer FFNet, every chapter of TIP will continue to be posted on this platform as well, just with a delay, so please do keep reading here if you wish. An: (I forgot to mention this at the top of the previous chapter) So funny story, I don't actually know Albus' full name by heart. So I Google it every time I want to use it in TIP. So I Googled it, and because my laptop is in French, I got the French wiki page first. I clicked it and it gave me PERCEVAL as one of Albus' middle names, and I copied it into TIP. Then I realised it was Percival and found it on the English Wiki to make sure… so I guess that's a name they just barely changed between languages for some reason. An2: There was another note about how much I'd been writing recently but now I haven't written in a month… so sorry about that. *** Later Harry looked at the old Swiss-chalet-style architecture of the house facing him. He had never before been to the home of his Headmaster before, and it felt wrong that he was here now, but his Headmaster was not. It was in the mountains. It was no mountain range Harry recognised, so probably not one in the UK. It was magically isolated, and there was a warp-gate which was the only way to get there. Harry could not deny the peace and beauty of the mountains, or the chalet with peeling white paint, but he could not help but be surprised that the busiest, and perhaps most important wizard in Magical Britain, lived so isolated. In peace. In some ways it made complete sense, for an old and tired man, wanting to enjoy the little pleasures and peace of life, but it was hard to reconcile with the man who died leading a battle against The Darkness, the man who held several of the highest positions in magical society, the man who had taught an entire country of wizards and witches. He had been accompanied by Arcturus. Harry had promised that he would bring Hermione and Daphne here too, at some point, but he wanted to visit first. He had been as surprised as anybody the previous week, when in the reading of Albus' will, his personal house, as well as all of his belongings in it, had been left to Harry. The ancestral home of the Dumbledores had been left to Aberforth along with a significant amount of Albus' wealth (the rest of it being donated to various organisations, and NGOs, the largest beneficiary being The Phoenix Trust, the bank account for The Resistance). All of his belongings at Hogwarts were left to the school, for the use of the next Headmaster, or Headmistress, Harry thought, considering that McGonagall would almost definitely be promoted to the top spot at Hogwarts. Harry entered the study of his old Headmaster. None of Albus' things were moved. They were all where the Headmaster had last left them. The Headmaster was a neat man, but it was clear that he had not packed up, or cleared all his things, as he might have if he were expecting his death. Harry found a spare set of spectacles on Albus' table, along with several papers. Some of them were embossed with the Hogwarts crest, while others were unlabeled. There was a small pensieve in the corner of the table. It was smaller than the Hogwarts heirloom that rested in Dumbledore's office, so it was probably his personal one. A yellow muggle sticky-note broke the image of perfect timeless serenity of Dumbledore's study. To Harry, In the cupboard to your left, you will find memories of the worst of me. My youth. I made countless mistakes, which, in life, I have been too ashamed to show you. I do not think I could handle seeing your reactions to my mistakes in person, but I leave these memories for you to peruse, so you can learn from my mistakes, at least in my death, Albus Dumbledore Harry read the words, the loopy scrawl of the Headmaster translating into the wizened drawl of his voice in Harry's head. Harry looked over at the cupboard which contained the memories. Harry couldn't deny his curiosity. What terrible mistakes could The Headmaster have possibly made? Harry opened the cupboard, only to close it again. No. He would view the contents of the cupboard at a later date, but not this day. The vision of Dumbledore's last stand was still burned into Harry's mind, and he didn't think he could bear with seeing any more of the Headmaster being vulnerable. Instead, Harry pulled out the newspaper clipping from that morning's prophet, which the young Potter had hastily stuffed into his back pocket at breakfast that morning, and looked at the article celebrating the life of Albus Dumbledore. A majestic moving photo of a young Dumbledore fighting against the Dark Lord Grindelwald was plastered onto the front of the article. Looking at the man who Harry had come to think of as family brought reassurance to the troubled boy. Harry took a deep breath, and walked out of the study, onto the deck of the house. He sat down on the deck chair which was laid out, and gazed into the mountains which he could see out of the window, breathing in the sweet fresh air of the countryside. He finally came to terms with the fact that Albus Dumbledore was dead. Harry closed his eyes. "Finally," Albus Dumbledore's voice said, and Harry jumped. The young Potter twisted around, his eyes open, and his wand already in his hands, and a spell on his lips, which died immediately as he came face to face with his old mentor. "Hello Harry," the words came out of the old and wrinkled lips of a man who could only be Albus Dumbledore. Dressed not in his majestic robes of war, but a far more normal quirky purple with a pattern of stars, with an unbroken pair of half-moon spectacles, and his beard as long and white as usual, Albus looked better than Harry had seen him since the war started. No cuts, bruises, or scrapes marred his skin, like they had in the last few months of constant fighting, and there were no bags under the eyes of the wizened Headmaster. "B-But How!" Harry stammered out. Dumbledore merely sat down in the deck chair opposite Harry, gesturing for the young Potter to retake the seat which he had vacated upon hearing the voice of his old mentor. "Sit down, my Champion, we have a lot to discuss." And suddenly Harry knew who he was facing, and it was not his Headmaster. *** End of Chapter
An: So I made a review for TIP over on webnovel, and I can say that it was quite strange trying to analyse my own work objectively. You can see my review of my work on webnovel, if you wish, OR you can look at it copy-pasted down below… Okay, this is my best attempt at being objective about my own work. For those of you who don't know/ haven't figured it out, The Intelligent Potter is a work I started writing over 3 years ago, over on , and I was a much different writer then than I am now, and I've got to say that I've gotten a LOT better at writing than I used to be. TIP was my first shot at a 100k+ word story of any kind, and since I started, I've taken part in 2 NNWMs, and written one other novel-length piece as well. My writing has gotten a lot better in the last fifty chapters than it was in the first thirty or so. The quality of writing, I would say, is simple and casual, but fairly engaging. It suffers from some repetition, and falls into the trap of too many adverbs to try and give meaning, which are sometimes not requires. As well as this, details are sometimes sparse, and I have been told before that I write a little bit barebones. However, my writing is also enjoyed by a lot of readers, and is a fairly good style, I think. The story is very well structured, and I am very happy with how it is turning out. There are fairly regular cliffhangers and I tackle a lot of things in new and innovative ways. I use some tropes, but I turn others completely on their heads. I promise you will not see everything coming. I have fleshed out the world a fair bit in some chapters as well, and I think it is better than Rowling's own worldbuilding at the least, though it has the least worldbuilding out of my own personal projects. Overall, I would say that 'The Intelligent Potter' is definitely worth the read, if you're willing to bear with the writing near the beginning, and enjoy plot and characters and awesomeness more than flowery and beautiful writing. An2: For those who didn't catch the last AN, I would once again like to reiterate that I have MYSELF reposted this story on webnovel. So far I've found their collection of fanfics to be a little limited, and have found nothing really great, but their interface and system is a lot cooler than both FFNet and Ao3. I'm really sorry for the long ANs, but I fear that there might be a few more long ANs to come over the next few chapters...sorry bout that, I promise I won't use it as an excuse to skimp on chapter length like I have in the past. An3: I am going to try (on a strictly trial basis) to have a scheduled post for TIP. Every Tuesday at 11h30 GMT. That said, I hope you enjoy this chapter! *** Present "Hello Harry," the words came out of the old and wrinkled lips of a man who could only be Albus Dumbledore. Dressed not in his majestic robes of war, but a far more normal quirky purple with a pattern of stars, with an unbroken pair of half-moon spectacles, and his beard as long and white as usual, Albus looked better than Harry had seen him since the war started. No cuts, bruises, or scrapes marred his skin, like they had in the last few months of constant fighting, and there were no bags under the eyes of the wizened Headmaster. "B-But How!" Harry stammered out. Dumbledore merely sat down in the deck chair opposite Harry, gesturing for the young Potter to retake the seat which he had vacated upon hearing the voice of his old mentor. "Sit down, my Champion, we have a lot to discuss." And suddenly Harry knew who he was facing, and it was not his Headmaster. Harry sat down opposite Death. Harry could now see the little differences in mannerisms between the man he had known and the man who stood in front of him. The way he held himself was different. There was a certain carelessness that came with being an all-powerful being, and it showed in the ever so slightly callous expression on his face, and his relaxed posture, even more so than the Headmaster had. As well as this, the Headmaster had a twinkle of power in his piercing blue eyes. In place of that twinkle, there was a roaring all-encompassing fire somehow in the very same blue eyes. They were harder, colder, and more powerful than the Headmaster had ever been. "Master?" Harry tried, quite unsure of the exact nature of his relationship with Death. Death shook his head smiling wryly, "No, I am not your master, Harry Potter, you can think of me as your…" he thought for a moment, "as your patron," he said finally. "My patron?" Harry said curiously. "Yes, and in turn, you are my champion, to do my bidding on Earth, where I cannot meddle directly." Realisation suddenly dawned on Harry, "You need me to defeat Voldemort." "That is the most pertinent issue that I need you to deal with," Death nodded, "But your job is deeper than that. You are my hand. You are my will on Earth. I may only guide the dead once they have entered my realm, but with my powers, and your...ability to exist on Earth, the balance of death will be kept." Harry wanted to question the whole balance of death concept, but he had a different question in mind first, "So you can't be on Earth?" he asked. "No," Death smiled again, with the face of Albus Dumbledore. "So this house…" Harry gestured around at the chalet and the mountains. It appeared as if black mist rolled off the chalet and the scenery right in front of him, revealing just black. In an instant, Harry and Death were sitting in a black void, and Harry realised he wasn't sitting on anything. Thump! Harry got off the floor, rubbing his butt. He looked to see Death standing. He still wore the face of Albus Dumbledore, but much younger. His beard was gleaming black and trimmed down to just around his face. Instead of robes, he was wearing a tailored Italian suit. Pure black. "I have no face," Death explained to the unasked question, "But I can take the face of anyone in my dominion, and I thought it might put you at ease to wear the face of your dead friend." Harry stared, "Do you realise how creepy that sounds?" Death tilted his head. His head? Her head? Its head? Harry decided not to bother with Death's gender, and refer to it as male just to simplify his own life. "I have no gender," Death said, matter-of-factly, "And I have no sex -as I have no sexual organs, for I have no need for reproduction- But you can refer to me as a male if it makes you feel more comfortable, Champion." Harry blinked. He was beginning to think that Death was not the most knowledgeable about humans. "I'm not," the being said, "you weird little things are oddly resourceful but you make no sense." 'Wait a minute,' Harry thought, 'Can he hear what I'm thinking?' "In this place," said Death, "Thinking is the same as saying." "Oh," Harry thought, "Privacy breach much?" Death tilted his head again. Somehow, Harry found himself likening Death to a puppy. Or Simba from the Lion King. Then he remembered that Death was an all-powerful being which could kill him just by wishing it. "What is privacy?" Death asked. Legitimately Curious. Harry looked at him incredulously but obliged, "Being apart from company or observation, it is a human right," he defined shortly. "But I know everything about everyone in this realm?" Death said, before shrugging and muttering something along the lines of 'weird humans'. Harry tried to clear his head and get back on track. "So," he said, "I assume you have called me here for a reason. It is highly likely that you have some information to impart to me about what exactly I have to do as the 'Champion of Death' beyond the vague idea of being your enforcer." "Smart Champion," Death said, as if he were talking to a dog, which Harry found a little condescending but also a teensy bit hilarious, considering he had been making the same comparison only a few minutes prior. "So?" Harry prompted. Again. "The Deathly Hallows," Death started on what seemed to be yet another completely random tangent, "Were all challenges. To have the Elder Wand but not succumb to the urge to boast. To know when to lay low and use my cloak of invisibility. To have the power to bring back the dead...but not to use it. Humility, Intelligence and Subtlety, and above all the belief that the dead belong to me, and me alone. Those are the qualities for which I have selected you." Harry nodded. He had worked out that much himself. "Give me the Hallows," Death said suddenly. Harry obliged. Death took The Stone, and The Wand, but returned The Cloak. "Okay then," Harry commented. *** End of Chapter
An: If you want to read the latest chapter a few days early, check this story out under the same name at webnovel. *** The Flamel Residence, France Emmanuel Delacour prided himself on his patience. He was a man who could play the waiting game very well, and he knew it to be one of his greatest strengths. When it became clear that Nicolas Flamel had no intention to emerge from his residence in time to aid the Battle of Hogwarts, Emmanuel simply mirror-called Sirius and informed him that the legendary wizard would not be joining them for the war effort. Hell, he would consider it more of a testament to his patience that he was able to withstand the several minutes of foul cursing that he was subjected to by Sirius Black than the fact that he was able to wait patiently for Flamel to emerge. After he finally got off of the cursed call, Emmanuel waited. Emmanuel waited. Emmanuel waited and waited and waited, but despite constant knocking and triggering of the wards, Nicolas did not emerge. A suspicion was beginning to form that Nicolas was not even in his own house. Which would be strange, but not unheard of. Indeed, in recent times, Flamel had left his house more often than he had in several hundred years, in which he had preferred to stay at home as a recluse, with just his wife for company, completely immersed in his research, and his research alone. It was after several hours of waiting for Flamel's return, that Emmanuel finally asked for a team of ward-breakers to apparate to his location to try and batter down Flamel's wards so that he could enter. Now, to some this may seem like a little bit of an extreme response, but Emmanuel knew Flamel. Flamel had been a close family friend for several generations of Delacours. A perennial ally. And one thing which Emmanuel had learned about his very very old friend was that he was extremely connected to his wards. Even if he was a thousand miles away, he would know when his wards were triggered, and only an emergency of epic proportions could possibly cause him to be missing in action for several hours, especially when it was Emmanuel who was patiently awaiting his arrival. Something truly catastrophic must have happened, and Emmanuel needed to know what. Thus, he called upon a team of ward-breakers, who apparated into the location within ten minutes. "Delegate Delacour," the head of the team of ward-breakers bowed slightly, and shook the hand of the experienced delegate. Emmanuel recognised the man as Hector Laurent, a ward-breaker who he knew from his time as the head of magical law enforcement in France, a position in which he had been very well-respected, and which was, indeed, the main reason that a team of ward-breakers of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement would respond to his call so quickly. "Hector!" Emmanuel greeted, and shook the man's hand with a warm smile on his face. "You remember me, Monsieur?" Hector asked. He was a fairly intimidating man, but still a hopeful smile broke across his face. "That I do, Hector," Emmanuel patted the taller man on the back, "I would love to just catch up with you, but I'm afraid I do have a job for you." "Ah yes, a ward-breaking job I presume, you have the papers, Delegate?" Hector Laurent returned to the formal title. Emmanuel hesitated, "Please?" Hector looked away shiftily, before sighing, "Fine, but I better have the papers on my desk tomorrow morning." Emmanuel hugged the man. "Men, circle the building." Hector waved his men into formation, and they got started on their job. Taking down the wards around the house of Nicolas Flamel should have taken hours. They were powered by the Philosopher's Stone, and the very life source of the ancient alchemist. Emmanuel settled down for another long wait, a wait which he reckoned might last another several hours. With a single wail, the wards dissolved into nothing at the first touch of the ward-breakers. Emmanuel stared. Something was really wrong. "Well, that was easy," Hector commented, "Why did you even need to call my guys in the first place, this should have been a cakewalk for a man of your skills, Monsieur." Emmanuel nodded to the other man but quickly, and quite tactlessly, told him to bugger off, because there were more important things which needed dealing with. A little crestfallen at the reception of his help, Hector and his men left the scene. Emmanuel made an internal note to make sure to invite the head ward-breaker over for dinner with his family sometime soon to make up for the perceived slight. At that moment, however, he had to push that thought to the back of his mind. Emmanuel entered the lavish Delacour home sprinting. A sharp pain in his foot was the first thing he registered upon entering the room. The second thing was the darkness. "Lumos," Emmanuel hissed out in pain. Emmanuel gasped. He could not have imagined the wreck that greeted him inside the manor, even in his wildest dreams. All the furniture and decorations had been obliterated. Pieces of antique wood and broken glass lay scattered all over the floor. Perenelle Flamel lay in the middle of the entrance hall, bloodied everywhere with a hole in her chest, where Emmanuel could only assume a tendril of The Darkness had pierced her. For only The Darkness could hope to take the Flamels on in their own home and murder both, without raising the slightest of alarms. Emmanuel had seen many gruesome sights in his days as an auror, and as the head of the French DMLE, but this seriously took the cake. He felt bile rising in his throat, and fought not to throw up. The pain in his foot came back to him, as he breathed slowly to try and prevent himself from going into shock. He raised his foot to see a ruby red shard sticking out of it. The color was so distinctive that he would have recognised it anywhere. There was no mistaking what it was. The Philosopher's Stone. Voldemort must have come for it. Emmanuel looked down at the tiny shard sticking out of his foot. The Stone would not break by accident under any circumstances. He knew that. It was stronger than any metal. Which meant that Nicolas Flamel destroyed it, his life's work, himself, to protect it from falling it into the clutches of Voldemort. Bile rose in his throat again, at the idea of his old friend's long and illustrious life ending in such a disgraceful and saddening manner. *** End of Chapter
An: If you want to read the latest chapter a few days early, check this story out on webnovel. *** With Harry, and Death "The Deathly Hallows," Death started on what seemed to be yet another completely random tangent, "Were all challenges. To have the Elder Wand but not succumb to the urge to boast. To know when to lay low and use my cloak of invisibility. To have the power to bring back the dead...but not to use it. Humility, Intelligence and Subtlety, and above all the belief that the dead belong to me, and me alone. Those are the qualities for which I have selected you." Harry nodded. He had worked out that much himself. "Give me the Hallows," Death said suddenly. Harry obliged. Death took The Stone, and The Wand, but returned The Cloak. "Okay then," Harry commented. "I am removing the curse from these," Death said tonelessly, "You have proven yourself worthy to be my Champion, there is little point in using the Hallows to further test you." The two objects were handed back to Harry. "The wand will provide you with the ability to stand up against The Darkness," Death explained, "It is not an advantage so much as an equaliser. Funneled through a regular wand, The Darkness would be able to simply disable your wand." Harry nodded, he got the message. He would still have to best The Dark Lord on skill. "Your mission is twofold," Death said, "There are two beings on Earth which should not be. Tom Marvolo Riddle, who has cheated me by creating soul jars, horcruxes in your language, and The Darkness, a primordial being like me, with no business on the planet of Earth." Harry nodded that he understood what was being said by the self-proclaimed primordial being. Death touched Harry's ring again, even though it was back on Harry's finger, and a single spark flew from the Stone. Harry drew his hand back, startled. "The Stone can sense souls, it has always been able to," Death spoke, "I have made it so that it will grow warm when you are near a misplaced soul." "So it should grow warm if I get near one of Voldemort's horcruxes," Harry translated. "Essentially yes, but it will also tell you if there is another soul which is out of its proper place, not just the soul of Voldemort. As far as I know, Riddle is the only human who has tried to cheat me in this way, so for the moment, this should serve as a sort of detector for his soul jars. In the future, if another pesky rat decides to defy me, then the Stone may be of use for you in that as well." Harry nodded, "I think I get it." "And remember," Death gave one final piece of advice, "My cloak is the one thing which can truly hide you from the vision of The Darkness, use it wisely, and use it carefully." Harry nodded once again, to show that he understood what he was being told. Then Death hesitated, as if he were thinking about doing something which he should probably not do. "My Champion," he started, "Death is always fair to those it takes. People only come to me when they are supposed to come to me, and not a day earlier." Harry nodded. "But maybe," Death hesitated again, "Even though it may be someone's time to go… it may not quite be someone else's time to let go." Harry blinked, "What." Death sighed, "You will understand," he said simply, before Harry's everything was consumed with a flash of white. Harry lay facedown, listening to the silence. He was perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else was there. He was not perfectly sure that he was there himself. "Hello, Harry." He spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking toward him, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue. "Professor," Harry said, "Is it really you?" "Yes, Harry," he said, and then he was engulfed in a tight hug by the young Potter. Albus chuckled. Harry separated from his mentor, "But...how?" "I do not know why Death has granted this chance," Albus said, "But I suspect it has something to do with a soft spot for a certain champion of his…" he smiled gently at Harry. "Where are we?" Harry said. "You tell me," Albus twinkled back at his protege. "Well, I was going to ask you that," said Dumbledore, looking around. "Where would you say that we are?" Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. Now, however, he found that he had an answer ready to give. "It looks," he said slowly, "like King's Cross station. Except a lot cleaner and empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see." "King's Cross station!" Dumbledore was chuckling immoderately. "Good gracious, really?" "Well, where do you think we are?" asked Harry, a little defensively. "My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, your party." Harry grumbled something about mysterious old codgers and the both of them laughed. Harry started suddenly, "You were like a father to me." Harry couldn't tell if the twinkle in his eye was just a twinkle, or whether he could detect a hint of a tear there. "And you are like a son to me, Harry," the Headmaster admitted, softly. "Do you think I can do it?" Harry asked. "In my many years, Harry, some would say that my greatest fault was that I tried to do everything alone. I was not selfish but…self-centred. I have always been confident that I knew what was best, that I would do the best for the world, that I would defeat the Dark Lord." "Why are you telling me this," Harry asked. "Because I trust you, Harry. Never before have I put so much of the weight of the world onto anyone else, and that is because I trust you completely, Harry. I know you can do it," the old and wise wizard put his hand on Harry's shoulder, "Though I cannot say that I do not sometimes feel slightly guilty for putting all of this on your shoulders to bear alone." "I'm not alone," Harry said, "I know I have you behind me, and I have Iliad, and Nicolas, and Arcturus, and Sirius, and I know I can count on Daphne and Hermione too." "That is a weight off an old man's back," Dumbledore smiled, "Though I suppose I can hardly complain about joint pains which I do not feel anymore." Dumbledore laughed. Harry laughed. Then they both started crying ever so slightly. "I will miss you." "And I will miss you too, Harry," the Headmaster said before enveloping Harry in another hug. Harry hugged back, closing his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, he was back in Albus' chalet. The place was exactly like before, but something was different. Harry. He was stronger, more sure of himself, and he knew he had the support of Dumbledore, and all his mentors, and all his friends. He knew he could do it. *** End of Chapter An: I did not put this in the start-of-chapter AN, because I didn't want to colour your impression of the chapter before you read it, but large parts of the scene between Albus and Harry are lifted from Chapter 35 of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. This was intentionally done, to draw parallels between that meeting and this one, to highlight the similarities and differences between the canon relationship between Harry and Dumbledore, and the relationship *I* have developed between Harry and Dumbledore. I hope you enjoyed this chapter.
An: To read the latest chapter of TIP a little bit earlier, you can read this story on webnovel. An2: So for all my webnovel readers, so far I have not included the author notes in the chapters that I have uploaded to this site...this is because most of these are specific to the time that I write them, and it made very little sense to include them months to years after they were written in the first place. From this chapter onwards, I will upload these chapters exactly the same as they can be found over on FFNet. *** 2 months later, Headmistress' Office, Hogwarts The office which had once belonged to Albus Dumbledore had been turned into a sort of a war council. The organisation which has been named 'The Order of the Phoenix', the fighters of Dumbledore, now simply went by 'The Light Side'. Over the two months since the passing of Dumbledore and Nicolas Flamel, a few individuals had come together to try and fill the big boots of Dumbledore's position. He may have been a powerful and influential wizard, but what mattered more than that was his symbolism. Albus Dumbledore symbolised the Light Side, and everything it stood for. His very existence could make people feel hope in the more dire of circumstances, and without him, the entire magical world was even more terrified than it had been before his demise. These individuals came together to try and fill his role, and dubbed themselves the 'Leaders of the Light'. Minerva McGonagall, she really was a necessity, considering that her office was being used as a base. Babajide Akingbade Amelia Bones Arcturus Black Sirius Black Kingsley Shacklebolt Anu Iyer And quite reluctantly, due to wanting to maintain his family's grey standing, Iliad Greengrass. In this particular meeting, along with the Leaders of the Light, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Daphne Greengrass were also assembled. Harry, because he was the most involved in the search for the horcruxes of Voldemort, and Hermione and Daphne because there was no way in hell that Harry could be invited to something as cool as a bloody war council, and leave his two closest friends behind. Harry, and the rest of the Leaders of the Light had been going through all of the notes of Dumbledore quite thoroughly. Dumbledore had found that there were seven horcruxes which had been made. Harry counted that they had only destroyed two so far. The diary from his second year had been the first horcrux to be destroyed. The locket which Dumbledore had found in one of the Black homes was the second one which had been destroyed. The Resurrection Stone which was in the ring which Harry had on his finger at that very moment was the third horcrux which had been destroyed. That left four other horcruxes which had to be destroyed. Dumbledore had several leads which he had written about in his papers. He postulated that there was definitely a horcrux hidden somewhere within the walls of Hogwarts. When Harry first read this, he had planned to use his ring to walk around the school to detect where the horcrux had been hidden. It wasn't exactly the most efficient strategy, but Harry figured that he would be able to find the next horcrux eventually. The problem with this was that The Resurrection Stone had not been as helpful as Harry had hoped. It was malfunctioning. It was always warm, and Harry could not for the life of him figure out why. He suspected that Death's enchantment had gone a little bit haywire. In any case, Harry had not been able to speak to the primordial being since the time that Death himself has approached him, directly after Dumbledore's death. Because of this, there was no way that he could ask Death to fix the ring, so at the moment, he was stuck without the super-useful horcrux detector which he had been promised. Oh well, he'd have to make do with ONLY the overpowered wand and the cloak of invisibility. Please note the sarcasm. "So," Amelia Bones brought Harry out of his thoughts and reminiscence on how the past few months had gone, "The first order of business, of course, is relating to the horcruxes of the Dark Lord, Voldemort… has anyone found any new clues in their research." Babajide Akingbade, the Nigerian wizard, cleared his throat before beginning to speak in his gravelly baritone, "I have been researching the history of this ancient castle, and I believe that I may have found where this horcrux of Voldemort might be stored." Whispers broke out across the room, this was the first time that any of them had had any idea of where any of the horcruxes could be, beyond what Dumbledore had told them. "There is this room," Baba continued to speak, "That I heard about while I was interviewing the house-elves-" "You interviewed the house-elves?" Hermione asked incredulously at how thorough the Nigerian wizard had been in his investigation, even with a war effort for him to balance in the meanwhile. Baba nodded, "Yes, yes I did, and I found out about this room known as the come-and-go room-" "You mean the Room of Requirement?" Harry inquired. "You know about this room already?" Baba said, "And you haven't even bothered to check it?" Harry scratched his head sheepishly, "Well, it's a room which becomes whatever you want it to...and I guess we have never thought about checking if it could show us a horcrux." "Well," Baba said, "It seems like that is the next priority of yours, isn't it?" Harry nodded, "I will head there after the meeting." "Not so fast, little one," Baba said , "You may be the Champion of Death, but you are still a teenager, we need to send an adult with you." Harry nodded, not happy at the implication that he was any less than any of the other wizards and witches in the room, but agreeing on the principle that two heads were always better than one. "Unfortunately, I have to leave immediately after this meeting is over, otherwise I would have accompanied you myself, I am quite excited to see the results of my research," Babajide said. "I can go with him," Sirius said from the cushy beanbag he was sitting on with his feet up on the polished wooden desk of the Headmistress. Sirius had not let the war get into the way of his sense of humour. Sometimes it was just plain annoying, but other times, it was the little bit of life and hope which they all needed to keep going, which was why nobody ever stopped Sirius from being and doing as he liked. He kept them feeling alive. "That would work," Babajide inclined his head towards the younger Black in the room in thanks. Sirius raised his hand to his godson for a high five, "It can be our little godson-dogfather adventure!" Harry chuckled. Babajide began to contemplate whether it was a good idea to send Sirius Black of all people with Harry. *** End of Chapter
An: To read chapters of TIP a little bit early, you can read them over on webnovel. I hope you enjoy this chapter of The Intelligent Potter. *** An Hour Later, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Immediately after the meeting of the Leaders of the Light ended, Harry led Sirius up to the Room of Requirement. "You know," Sirius said, "I thought we had found each and every room in this entire castle when we made the Marauder's Map, but it seems like we missed one." "Ah," Harry remarked. "That is a bit of a blow to the old Marauder pride," Sirius said. "I'm sure your ego can handle it," Harry replied dryly. Sirius clutched his chest dramatically, as if he had been greatly offended by his godson's words. Harry rapped him around the back of his head, like Sirius was the child in the situation, "Behave, dogfather," he said with mock seriousness. Then they both laughed. "Are we there yet?" Sirius whined. Possibly for the first time in all of history, the answer to that particular question was, "Yes." Sirius pumped his fist into the air in celebration. "Don't celebrate yet," Harry warned, as he walked in front of the wall three times, "We do not yet know whether there is actually a horcrux in the Room of Requirement." Just as he said that, a door materialised in the wall. Harry stopped. "Can I celebrate now?" "Yes." Despite the dry reply, Sirius could tell that his godson was also extremely excited by this development. Harry grasped the hilt of the Sword of Potter a little bit tighter. He hadn't practised as much with his sword as he should have, and the hilt felt a little bit unfamiliar in his wand, as he was used to wielding his wand in both hands, but not dual-wielding both a sword and a wand. However, the Sword of Potter was a necessity, as it was imbued with basilisk venom, and as such, it was one of the very few weapons which could destroy a horcrux. The previous time when Harry had been horcrux-hunting with Albus, the older wizard had brought along the honest-to-god Sword of Gryffindor with him, which Harry had not noticed. The Sword of Potter would serve just as well, which was why Harry had it at that moment. Harry had first thought that it would be pretty straightforward to locate the horcrux, but that illusion was quickly cast out of mind as he entered the room which had been created by the Room of Requirement. It was absolutely massive. There were extremely tall shelves panning out in all directions and it was a veritable maze. Harry doubted he could find the horcrux even if he had years to explore the entire space. Then he felt his ring become distinctly warmer. It had been warm on his finger already, but now it was positively HOT. His ring was working! "The Stone," Harry said, excited, "It's heating up!" Sirius perked up in excitement, "Let's see where it goes then, shall we?" Harry and his Godfather walked around, as Harry figured out which direction made the Stone grow warmer. The two males wandered around as the Stone grew warmer and warmer. Finally, Harry and Sirius stopped in front of one shelf. "It's this one, I am sure of it." Sirius nodded, "I believe you, pup, just gotta check if there are any wards, now." Harry nodded, and Sirius waved his wand a few times. "You a ward-breaker?" Harry asked curiously. "I was an auror, we all have rudimentary ward-breaking capabilities," Sirius said, "Of course, if it were something particularly complex or intricate, we'd have to call in backup from The Order." Harry aahed. "Though it seems like there will be no need for that," Sirius stowed his wand away and dusted off his hands, "There are no wards on this shelf, or anything on the shelf." "So how do we know which one is the horcrux?" Harry asked. His Dogfather shrugged, "Guess you've just gotta touch them?" "Seriously?" "Unless you can think of something better," Sirius shot back. Harry sighed and got to waving his hand near each of the items on the shelf, one by one, to try and figure out which item on the shelf was the horcrux. Finally, it was found. "Ow!" Harry yelped and yanked his hand away. "Found it, pup?" Sirius said. "Yeah, and it's hot enough to make my finger burn!" Harry exclaimed, before looking closer at what the horcrux was. Even before Harry himself could recognise it, Sirius breathed out, "The Diadem of Ravenclaw!" "Seriously?" Harry asked incredulously, "Are ALL of Voldemort's horcruxes insanely valuable magical items?" "Seems like it," Sirius said. Harry hesitated, "It would be a real shame to destroy something of such value…" he said, his inner Ravenclaw shining through. Sirius shrugged, "Well what else can we do. Voldemort was probably counting on the fact that nobody in their right mind would even willingly destroy the Diadem of Ravenclaw." Harry raised the sword, and closed his eyes, wishing that he didn't have to do it. Wishing that the soul of Voldemort could be ripped out of the diadem some other way. Then he heard a loud shriek, and his eyes shot wide open. A spirit, not unlike the one he'd seen at the Gaunt Cottage was clawing its way back into the diadem. As soon as Harry saw it, his concentration broke, and the spirit shot back into its home. "What did you do?" Sirius asked. "I think this may be one of my powers as the Champion of Death," Harry said, excitedly. He took a deep breath and concentrated as hard as he possibly could on pulling Voldemort's soul out of the diadem. It was a long process and it took nearly fifteen minutes but the soul was eventually pulled out by Harry's pure will, and it evaporated into nothing as soon as it was out of the Diadem of Ravenclaw. Harry let out a deep breath, and picked up the priceless artifact. Four down. Three to go. *** End of Chapter
An: If you want to read the latest chapters of The Intelligent Potter, they can be found a few days early on webnovel! I hope y'all enjoy this chapter, I'm having a lot of fun just marathon-writing these chapters. So I've found that I'm a person who really likes getting positive feedback and favourites and reviews and I think webnovel calls them powerstones? So when I write normally, I just keep posting chapters to FFNet, and get feedback and then get enamoured and satisfied by reading the reviews. Now that I'm just stockpiling chapters instead of writing continuously, I am actually beginning to write MORE. That is an interesting observation for me...maybe I should keep updating like this for all of my stories. Anyway, I'll figure all of that out when I get to it. By this point, the 1-a-week cycle should be pretty set, though I have yet to even start it at the point that I am at right now. If you have any feedback or anything regarding that, please let me know! Once again, I really hope that you enjoy this chapter! *** Three Months Later 'Dear Mrs Bones, We at Gringotts sincerely hope that you are doing well. Gringotts Bank has received your letter regarding the possibility of there being a horcrux located within the premises of our Bank. If such an allegation was to be true, then that would be a significant violation of the terms of service of Gringotts Bank. We are willing to conduct a search of each and every one of the vaults here at Gringotts, however this is not an inexpensive procedure. If your allegations prove to be false, Gringotts will require the amount of One Thousand Galleons as compensation for the expenses of the search. If your allegation proves to be true, then Gringotts will personally see to it that the horcrux is cleansed of its Darkness, and the contents of the criminal vault are yours for the taking, as a reward for informing the Bank of this. The bank will naturally take its searching fee from this account. We hope you are amenable to our terms. Please get back to our bank regarding whether you would like to take us up on our terms or not. These terms are non-negotiable, Respectfully yours, Gobbleknave Gringotts Bank' Amelia Bones read out the letter which the Goblins had sent to the Leaders of the Light. Gringotts Bank was their biggest lead, as Dumbledore had postulated that Voldemort would have wanted to put a horcrux in the two safest places in Britain, Hogwarts and the famous Goblin Bank. The Leaders of the Light had followed up on this and contacted the Goblins. Despite being legal criminals against the puppet administration of the Dark Lord, the Goblins did not care who they did business with. They were lethally neutral in wars between humans, and could be counted on for reliable service as much in wartime as they could be in peacetime… which was not a lot to be honest, they were a species mostly involved only in their own prospering. There was a moment of silence after Amelia had read out the letter from the goblins as all of the Leaders contemplated the offer. It was a high risk high reward situation. Funds were scarce for the Order of the Phoenix, and the organisation was mostly run out of the private vaults of its wealthier members, such as the Blacks and the Greengrasses, loathe as Iliad was to part with his precious hard-earned gold. Each of the members of the Order looked at each other. "I am not taking that liability, our vaults are not endless," Iliad opined immediately. "Why can't we take this money from the Potter vaults?" Harry asked. "You are still a minor, Harry, we could hardly ask that kind of expense from you. That kind of money is what a regular auror could HOPE to earn in an entire year, it is no small amount of money." Amelia sighed, "I will risk it," she said simply, "There is enough left in the Bones vaults." There was another silence, before Sirius asked, "Are you sure, Amelia? You have been out of a job for the better part of a year, and you have your niece, Susan, to take care of." "I will handle it," Amelia said with a tone of finality, "Besides, we are hoping that the horcrux IS in Gringotts, in which case I will not be charged a single knut." The rest of the members of the Leaders of the Light finally nodded in understanding, and Amelia spoke again, "So shall I begin to draft a letter of acceptance?" Her proposition was met with nods all around the room, and the Bones matriarch began to write out the letter to the Goblins. "Minister Bones," Harry called out, for he still referred to her as such despite the Bones matriarch having been ousted several months ago, "Are you aware of the goblins' letter-writing customs. "Goblins have customs?" *** Gringotts Bank 'Dear Teller Gobbleknave, May your enemies' blood taste the ground, We, The Leaders of the Light, have read through and discussed your proposition. We agree to all of your terms. Please conduct a search of all of your vaults. If you find nothing, you may have the amount of one thousand galleons only from the Bones vault, May the gold of your enemies fill your vaults, Amelia Bones Gobbleknave was surprised, to say the least. Amelia Bones seemed to have learnt some goblin customs, truly unusual for a pureblood witch. He found himself slightly impressed by her niceness. Still a fool,' he thought, 'That is an easy thousand galleons for me to make, there is NO way that a horcrux could possibly be within the vaults of Gringotts. Each and every object in our vaults is checked for all dark curses by a goblin.' Despite the chances of there actually being a horcrux, untrustworthy goblins may be, but they were ALWAYS truthful. He sent the order down to the main office of Gringotts, which functioned behind the scenes to scan all of the vaults for a horcrux. Goblins were very efficient, it would hardly cost them a few sickles to conduct the search, let alone a thousand galleons. Gobbleknave was about to turn quite a healthy profit off of the foolishness of Amelia Bones. A witch walked up to his desk. This was not an uncommon occurrence, he was a teller after all, but this was special. It was Bellatrix Lestrange. One of the generals of the Dark Lord Voldemort. Goblins did not take sides in wars between humans, but that did not stop them from seriously looking down on despicable people, and if there was one thing that Bellatrix was, it was despicable. Unfortunately, if there was a second thing which she was, it was dangerous. Bellatrix Lestrange was extremely powerful on her own, let alone the fact that her death would bring down the wrath of the Dark Lord, which was a big no-no for the Goblin Bank, being the only reason the insane bitch of a witch was still served at the bank. "I wish to withdraw something from my vault, goblin, a golden cup" Lestrange spat his species out as if Gobbleknave was some kind of rodent. "Of course, Madam Lestrange," Gobbleknave said with a rehearsed politeness, while imagining all the ways in which he could impale her inside of his head, "Right this way." An animated flying paper airplane, the usual mode of communication inside of the bank, came and smacked Gobbleknave on the head when he didn't catch it immediately. This brought the bloodthirsty goblin out of his fantasies of murdering Bellatrix. "What are you waiting for?" the aforementioned witch snapped at him. 'Horcrux found. Golden cup in vault of Bellatrix Lestrange.' *** End of Chapter An: By the way, if anyone is wondering why I CAPITALISE instead of italicizing for emphasis these days, for some reason italics don't work on webnovel. I really don't get why...please fix it webnovel! I still have the letter in italics cuz I don't know how else to express it, I've just put 'single quotes' around it.
An: If you want to read the latest chapter of TIP a few days early, you can read it on webnovel. *** Present "I wish to withdraw something from my vault, goblin, a golden cup" Lestrange spat his species out as if Gobbleknave was some kind of rodent. "Of course, Madam Lestrange," Gobbleknave said with a rehearsed politeness, while imagining all the ways in which he could impale her inside of his head, "Right this way." An animated flying paper airplane, the usual mode of communication inside of the bank, came and smacked Gobbleknave on the head when he didn't catch it immediately. This brought the bloodthirsty goblin out of his fantasies of murdering Bellatrix. "What are you waiting for?" the aforementioned witch snapped at him. 'Horcrux found. Golden cup in vault of Bellatrix Lestrange.' Gobbleknave read from the paper, after unfolding the airplane. Holy. Fucking. Shit. This was not going to be pleasant at all. This was going to be AMAZING. "Just a minute, Madam, I have got to send off a few notes myself. A major client has gone bankrupt," Gobbleknave made a story up on the spot. After all, Bellatrix was a criminal in the eyes of the Goblin Nation now, and they did not extend their usual honesty to criminals. "And who might that be, goblin?" "Amelia Bones," Gobbleknave threw out the first name he thought of, which happened to be that of the witch who was second on the top of his brain at the moment, after Bellatrix herself. Bellatrix smiled her maniacal crazy smile. "She had it coming," Voldemort's right hand woman said with a satisfied expression. Gobbleknave made a noncommittal sound as he continued scribbling furiously onto pieces of paper, and sending them zipping in various directions. "We may proceed, Madam," he said, with a little more viciousness in his voice than he should have let across. The witch kicked him lightly, "Don't be impolite, you Goblin bastard." Only the knowledge of what was about to happen could stop Gobbleknave from lashing out in response to Bellatrix. He led her to the cart which they usually took to go down to Bellatrix's vault. They were a good way onto the tracks, before Gobbleknave suddenly took a turn in the opposite direction from her vault. He hoped they were moving fast enough that she did not notice that he had surreptitiously changed their direction. Unfortunately, Bellatrix was very paranoid and very perceptive. "Why aren't we on the right course, you filthy creature!" Gobbleknave couldn't hold back the nasty smirk any longer. "You have stored a horcrux at Gringotts Bank. This is against Goblin Law, and according to the treaty that YOUR ministry signed with us, we can do whatever we like with you." Bellatrix did not wait before sending curses flying at Gobbleknave. The grinning goblin weaved past all the curses, only for Bellatrix to grab him by the lapels of his suit and shove him over the side of the cart, into the eternal abyss below. Before Bellatrix could so much as think, the cart came to a very jerky stop, so fast that it threw her flying off the cart, and into the wall, headfirst. Now bearing a concussion, Bellatrix clumsily made her way to her feet, trying to hold her wand up in a defensive position and failing at the task completely. She heard a sinister laugh behind her, and knew who the voice belonged to, immediately. "Gobbleknave!" she rasped out. "You really thought you could kill a goblin by throwing him into an abyss in a GOBLIN Bank?" Bellatrix tried to run at Gobbleknave but quickly found two swords of Goblin-make at her throat. Gobbleknave raised his hand, "For the crime of bringing a horcrux into the vaults of Gringotts Bank, I sentence you, Bellatrix Lestrange, to death." The mad witch screamed at the top of her lungs, even as her head was lopped off by the stoic Goblin Guards. *** Riddle Manor While it was true that Voldemort himself could not feel the death of any of his horcruxes, the same was not true for The Darkness. Each of the horcruxes was sealed with the powers of The Darkness, and as such, every time a horcrux was destroyed, a little bit of The Darkness was forced to return to the void, and the primordial entity felt it hard every time a piece of it was destroyed. "Another piece of your soul has been destroyed," The Darkness told Voldemort. "Okay," Voldemort said plainly. Weakly. Pathetically. There was no fight left in the Dark Lord. He was now little more than a body worn by The Darkness. A body which was very quickly going to be unnecessary, as there was enough Darkness in the world to support an individual body for The Darkness. The only reason that The Darkness still used Voldemort as an anchor was that he had forces he could command. Other than that, The so-called Dark Lord was of no use to The Darkness anymore. Lord Voldemort was just a puppet now. "My Lord," Lucius Malfoy himself burst into the room, "Pardon my intrusion, but...Bellatrix Lestrange has been executed by The Goblin Nation!" For the first time in several months, The Darkness felt a flicker of feeling, a flicker of anger, from the being of Voldemort. Interesting. It seemed like Voldemort did care for at least his closest Death Eater. "W-w-we will avenge h-her" Voldemort grinded out. "No," The Darkness said to him, simply, "We will not." *** The Next Meeting of The Leaders of the Light (Plus Harry, Hermione, and Daphne) "Bellatrix Lestrange has been executed by the Goblin Nation," Amelia Bones announced. Harry felt a little bit like laughing. The biggest blow dealt to The Darkness and Voldemort yet, and it wasn't even at their hands. It was the Goblins. The honest-to-god one hundred percent neutral Goblins. "They found the Hufflepuff's Cup in the vault of Bellatrix Lestrange, and confirmed that it was a horcrux, and more importantly, they confirmed that they destroyed it." Amelia continued. At this, there was a cheer from all of the Leaders of the Light. Harry let himself smile. Five down. Two to go. *** End of Chapter
An: If you wanna read the latest chapters of TIP a teensy weensy bit early, check out THe Intelligent Potter on webnovel. I hope all of you enjoy this chapter. I know I'm going to enjoy writing this one… Cue maniacal laughter *** 2 Months Later, Riddle Manor "Today is the day I will finally be myself," The Darkness announced inside of Voldemort's head, as if it were coming out of the closet, and not acquiring a physical manifestation of itself. "Yessir." For the hell of it, The Darkness sent a wave of pain at Voldemort. It was a testament to how used to it Voldemort had gotten that he didn't even wince or whimper. Or maybe it was just a testament to how much the Dark Lord's vocal chords had suffered in his time playing host to the spirit of The Darkness. "Fetch Severus Snape," The Darkness commanded. Oh, he knew that the Potions Master was an informant for Dumbledore, he had seen it in Snape's memories. Fortunately for The Darkness, Dumbledore was very tight-lipped about his sources, and he took the secret of Snape's true allegiance to the grave. When Snape disappeared shortly after the attack on Hogwarts, it was generally assumed that the man was dead. That was untrue. He had been called to the Dark Lord's side, only to be subjugated by The Darkness, and forced to brew the various dark potions which were required for the ritual he was about to perform. It was an elaborate plan, yes, but Severus Snape was one of the very few wizards or witches who could brew the complex potions required. His skills were invaluable, the only reason that Voldemort had kept him around despite the uncertainty of his allegiance. The sallow-skinned man entered the room, looking painfully thin. After all, he had not been fed in weeks. Voldemort regretted the torture he had been forced to inflict upon Snape, yes, even the former Dark Lord had limits to his sadism, but it was either Snape suffering or himself, and The Darkness already tortured Voldemort enough without extra incentive in the form of disobedience. "The potion is ready, master," Snape said robotically to the Dark Lord, bending over painfully into a bow, despite the lashes that Voldemort knew had been delivered by the magical whip he himself had animated. Voldemort rose on shaky feet, and headed towards the ritual room. Once they were inside, Snape handed a vial to the Dark Lord. Voldemort drank it. Then his world was pain. *** Later His world was still pain. *** Later His world was still pain. *** Later pAiN. *** Later His world was still pain… but relatively less pain. Everything burned, but at least he could see and move, and the first thing that he saw was The Darkness. He could not describe what exactly it had become. It was hot like fire, and as cold as ice. The Darkness had taken a vaguely humanoid shape, but it was shifting and moving, even as he looked at it. It seemed to be a body made up of shadows, like the kind of armour Voldemort had made for himself from The Darkness in the past. Where its face was supposed to be, there was just an abyss of blackness, with two small dots of fire for eyes. It was large, extremely large, larger than any human being that Voldemort had ever seen or heard of, at about ten feet of height, he reckoned. Not only tall, but quite broad. Power didn't just radiate off the being, power WAS the being. Voldemort's knees went soft and he collapsed. He realised he was still looking at The Darkness, the magnificence of the primordial being had brought him into a sort of trance. Looking at The Darkness made his vision go spotty so he looked away. The pain was beginning to subside, and Voldemort realised that he was feeling better than before. All of the Darkness which had crept into his body over the years, which had given him strength, was gone. And he felt BETTER for it. "I need to rest," The Darkness spoke, out loud, with its own mouth, and not Voldemort's. It plodded off to his chambers, to rest in his bed. Voldemort finally accepted something that had been in the back of his mind since the Battle of Hogwarts. He was no longer the Dark Lord, he had not had control of The Darkness for a long, long time now. He had been a Dark Servant of sorts, but now, he was FREE. The Darkness had left him. A plan for escape started to form in his head. He tried the door of the now empty ritual room, Severus Snape having hastily exited after The Darkness. It was locked. The Darkness had locked him in. Voldemort felt inside himself, hoping against hope that he still had magic. His power welled up against him, and he felt good again. Strong. Not in the way that he had been with The Darkness, but strong as he had felt in his days at Hogwarts. He suspected that The Darkness thought he was beaten, powerless once stripped of the unlimited magic granted by the primordial being. But Voldemort was not beaten. He was a man feared all around Britain for a reason. Voldemort drew his wand forth, and the familiar warm thrum of power greeted him, so unlike the piercing cold of using The Darkness. It was his power. He wanted to speak the words of the first real spell he had used in over two years, but his throat was completely done for, so he settled for a non-verbal 'Alohomora'. He walked out of the room, he had a few hours before The Darkness had recovered in its new body and found some new use for him. Voldemort stumbled as he hobbled out of his Manor… no, The Darkness' Manor. There was only one place he could go now. One place which was still beyond the reach of The Darkness. They would probably kill him, but after what he had been through, Voldemort embraced death. He wanted it. And there were good chances that he would find it at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. *** End of Chapter An: What a twist!
An: If you want to check out the latest chapter of The Intelligent Potter a teensy weensy bit early, please check this story out on webnovel! That said, I hope you enjoy this chapter. *** Present Voldemort was not beaten. He was a man feared all around Britain for a reason. Voldemort drew his wand forth, and the familiar warm thrum of power greeted him, so unlike the piercing cold of using The Darkness. It was his power. He wanted to speak the words of the first real spell he had used in over two years, but his throat was completely done for, so he settled for a non-verbal 'Alohomora'. He walked out of the room, he had a few hours before The Darkness had recovered in its new body and found some new use for him. Voldemort stumbled as he hobbled out of his Manor… no, The Darkness' Manor. There was only one place he could go now. One place which was still beyond the reach of The Darkness. They would probably kill him, but after what he had been through, Voldemort embraced death. He wanted it. And there were good chances that he would find it at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Riddle Manor was hardly close to Hogwarts, and Voldemort had yet to gain enough strength to apparate all the way to Scotland, so he found himself using his old muggle knowledge from decades ago, his childhood in a muggle orphanage, to navigate his way to a train station, and found himself on a muggle train to Scotland. He remembered how much he used to hate muggles, but it was truly astounding how much perspective a year of torture inside one's own body could give a man. He still thought muggles were powerless rats, but he had now realised that he was a rat as well. All insignificant in the face of the power of beings like Darkness and Death. *** Later The voice of the conductor of the train woke Voldemort up. A few muggles were looking at him with disgust and fear. He suspected it had something to do with his lack of a nose. Voldemort flicked his wand, putting a confundus on the stupid muggles. His magic kept on and on returning to him, as he recovered from the effects of the ritual which The Darkness had performed to bring itself its own body. He was ready to apparate. A nearly silent crack brought him to Hogsmeade, to a back alley which he knew for a fact was almost never visited by anyone. ALMOST never. It seemed Voldemort was having a patch of bad luck, because he heard a bottle shatter against the ground. He looked to see that there was a very very drunk wizard puking in a corner of the alleyway, clearly having exited the Hog's Head, which was just one road away. Despite his inebriated state, he was able to recognise Voldemort. "T-The Dark Lord," he stammered out before dropping to a knee, or well, trying to. Being drunk, he tripped and fell to the ground right in front of Voldemort. Then he puked on his shoes. He hiccuped "Forgive me, my lord." Clearly this was one of his Death Eaters, they were all over the place now. "Leave," Voldemort forced out one word, ignoring how his vocal chords pained. "Thank you, my lord," the Death Eater cried out, before scrambling to his feet and trying to get away as quick as his drunk feet would carry him. He couldn't let that man tell anybody else. Voldemort raised his wand, "Ava-" then stopped. Killing a man just before he entered Hogwarts might cause him more pain in the long run. Voldemort did not want pain. "Obliviate," he said instead, and then followed it up with a nonverbal stupefy. Anybody who came looking for the drunk would chalk up both his lack of consciousness, and his lack of memory to the copious amount of alcohol that he had no-doubt consumed earlier in the evening. Voldemort walked to Hogwarts. It was not a short walk. As a student, he had always travelled it in a carriage, and the thestrals ran extremely quickly, travelling the entire distance in about 20 minutes. On foot, however, it was a long hour and a half of trudging across the wet Scottish countryside. 'At least winter is over,' Voldemort thought. It would have been truly terrible to have to trudge through snow. As it were, mud and damp grass was all he had to bear, not that it was pleasant at all, but not the worst case scenario. Finally, Voldemort made it. He was there. In front of the school which he hadn't seen since he tried to take it over, nearly a year ago. Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Voldemort took a deep breath. Upon his death, Dumbledore had placed the entire castle underneath an intent-based blood ward, the kind which had been placed upon Harry Potter upon the death of his mother. He was counting on the 'intent-based' part of the ward. At this point, he meant no harm to any resident of the school. He would have believed that his torture had caused him to become a pacifist… if it wasn't for the fact that he wanted The Darkness to suffer a slow and painful death. He would truly relish that. Voldemort let out his deep breath. He was not entering the school as Voldemort the conqueror, the Dark Lord who was trying to take over the ancient castle. He was entering as… Tom Marvolo Riddle, one of the castle's own students. Tom pushed on the gate, and it swung open slowly. With much apprehension, he put one foot inside the castle, and waited. Nothing happened. He was okay. He was safe. Hogwarts had recognised him as one of its own. Tom put his other foot inside. He was home. He heard a sharp intake of breath, and looked around to see who it was. Harry Potter. The boy-who-lived himself was standing there, wide-eyed, looking at Voldemort. He was not accompanied by any other students. He seemed to be on a stroll around the lake, contemplating life, or something like that, Tom assumed. "You," Tom could hear the pure hate in his voice. He opened his mouth to say something - anything - to stop the confrontation which the two of them were barreling towards, but he was cut off as a humongous snake of fire tried to swallow him whole. *** End of Chapter
An: If you wanna read the latest chapter of The Intelligent Potter a few days earlier than they are available on FFNet, pretty please (with a cherry on top) check out this story on webnovel! *** A Walk Around The Lake Harry was walking. He was very rarely free these days. He was always involved with the war. He was still a school-going child. It was certainly something that the Leaders of the Light forgot from time to time, considering how involved with the war effort Harry was. Between training with Iliad, who he could now defeat in one-on-one combat, and researching the horcruxes, of which only two remained now, Harry had scarcely any time to think about or concentrate on his schooling. Harry himself forgot sometimes that he was still a child. He was still in school. His OWL exams came and went, and he was sure he had aced them all. He was just beyond the level that he could learn anything from the school now. He had been forced to learn and progress so fast, that he could hardly pay any attention to just living his life. He was so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he hadn't even thought about where he was walking to, so he came to a standstill as he tried to pick a direction to go. He could head up to the Room of Requirement, and get some more drills in. He could head up to the Headmistress' office to ask McGonagall whether there was anything that needed doing for the war effort that he could help with. He could find Iliad and duel the man once again. Harry may have bested the Lord Greengrass, but that did not make it an easy battle for the young Potter, even with the additional power of the Elder Wand. Finally he decided on none of the above, and headed down to the Lake. It was one of the few places where he could just concentrate. Just two years ago, he would have found dozens of couples snogging each other senseless underneath the trees by the side of the lake, but these days there were very few students of Hogwarts who went outside the castle, unless they had to for classes. After the great battle for Hogwarts which had occurred on the grounds, there was a fear of getting caught in the middle of such a conflict, were the Dark Lord to attack the school once more. While, obviously, Harry wasn't a fan of the fact that the entire school lived in the kind of fear which children should not have to face, he was quite glad for the solitude which the lake afforded him. He could walk around it over and over again, with just himself for company, and it was the most relaxing thing which he did these days. He just thought. He tried to come to terms with the million and one things which were going on in his life at any given point in time. He had continued on the Quidditch team, mostly because Quidditch drills were good for his flying capability, if it ever came in handy, not to mention that it was one portion of the overall training which kept the young man in tip-top shape. He attended all his classes, but barely paid attention. He didn't have to, and his teachers did not pick on him, even when they noticed him clearly working on something which was not a part of their classwork. All of them knew the burden he had to carry as the Champion of Death, a fact which had been told to them all by the Headmistress Minerva McGonagall. Not to mention the fact that Harry was already exceeding expectations at all their subjects. Not even in potions did Harry face any troubles, for Snape had run away when Dumbledore died, presumably to join The Darkness' forces, and he had been replaced at the school by a man of the name Horace Slughorn, who was a serviceable replacement. Harry was pulled out of his thoughts when, out of the blue, he heard the gates of the old castle swing open slowly, and he was immediately on guard. There was not supposed to be any visitors to the castle this day, he knew that. 'Still', he thought, 'The castle would not let in anybody who meant anyone inside any harm at all, so it should all be okay." He padded up to the gates. It should have been all okay. It was not all okay. Rather, it was quite the opposite, it was Lord Voldemort himself. For the first time since that night in the graveyard, he was not completely covered by The Darkness, but there was no mistaking the snakelike features and the red eyes. Voldemort was just standing there, taking in the view as if he hadn't seen the castle in decades, even though he had stood on these very grounds, and killed the Headmaster of this very school, not even one year ago. Then their eyes met, and Harry could not make out what Voldemort was thinking at all. He was not the deranged psychopath or the determined mass murderer that Harry was familiar with. His eyes were unfathomable. Dull. Dead. "You," Harry uttered with utter hatred. If Harry had looked down at Voldemort's mouth, he would have noticed that the man was trying to speak. Alas, he did not. Instead, he drew out the Elder Wand, and funneled all of his considerable magic through the magic-magnifying wand and conjured the largest piece of elemental magic that he could muster. A truly fearsome snake of fire rocketed towards Voldemort. *** End of Chapter AN: Aaaaand Scene! Just a few thoughts on how school has been progressing because the entire focus of the story has been on unusual events and war, and fourth year was almost completely skipped and I wanted to at least mention how school was going for our young protagonist, even though his schoolwork has really taken a backseat in this story from how much it featured in year 1 and year 2.
An: If you would like to read the latest chapters of TIP a bit early, please check this story out on webnovel! An2: That said, I hope you enjoy this chapter to come. After so much of Dumbledore, Sirius, Arcturus, and all the adults doing a lot of fighting, it is FINALLY Harry's turn to see a little bit of action. *** Present It was not at all okay. Rather, it was quite the opposite, it was Lord Voldemort himself. For the first time since that night in the graveyard, he was not completely covered by The Darkness, but there was no mistaking the snakelike features and the red eyes. Voldemort was just standing there, taking in the view as if he hadn't seen the castle in decades, even though he had stood on these very grounds, and killed the Headmaster of this very school, not even one year ago. Then their eyes met, and Harry could not make out what Voldemort was thinking at all. He was not the deranged psychopath or the determined mass murderer that Harry was familiar with. His eyes were unfathomable. Dull. Dead. "You," Harry uttered with utter hatred. If Harry had looked down at Voldemort's mouth, he would have noticed that the man was trying to speak. Alas, he did not. Instead, he drew out the Elder Wand, and funneled all of his considerable magic through the magic-magnifying wand and conjured the largest piece of elemental magic that he could muster. A truly fearsome snake of fire rocketed towards Voldemort. Harry's enemy managed to counter the elemental magic fairly well, deflecting it away with a wall of air, but somehow he seemed a lot weaker than Harry had ever seen him before. The two wizards battled. One more willingly than the other Tom had very little fight left in him, and he could barely keep up with the extremely high rate of casting which the younger combattant was maintaining. In the heat of the battle, as he was trying to land something, anything, on the man he still thought was a Dark Lord, Harry did not notice that they were absolutely no spells being sent back at him, as Tom was only deflecting Harry's spells, and countering his elemental magic with magic of his own. Harry did notice, however, that Voldemort was not using the powers of The Darkness. "Am I so little to you," he said with anger, "That you refuse to even use your real power?" "No," Tom scratched out, but before he could explain himself, he was flying backwards, as Harry landed a vicious expulsion spell on him in triumph. Tom stopped himself in midair and pulled himself out of the way of Harry's next attack, and sent a stunning spell at his opponent with stunning speed and accuracy. Having left himself open in his haste to hit Voldemort, Harry had left himself open to attack, and the very first spell which Tom sent his way hit its mark. And nothing happened. Harry blinked. Tom blinked. Then they both got back into the fight, and Tom realised that none of his spells would harm the young Potter. 'It must be the powers of Dumbledore's wards,' he realised, 'They let me in, but they won't let me harm any of the other inhabitants… but if the wards haven't accepted me as a Hogwarts student, then why would they possibly let me in?' The words of Albus Dumbledore floated to his mind unwillingly. "Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." Tom sighed, continuing to fight almost on autopilot, as Harry tired out and the gap between the skills of the two wizards became more obvious. Even in death, Dumbledore was always extending an olive branch to every person. There was a lull in the battle, as Harry gasped for air, and Tom just stood there, waiting for the young Potter, who was glaring at him with hate in his eyes. "Harry," Tom started, unsure of how to address the boy he had wanted to kill for well over a decade. "Don't you dare speak the name my parents gave me, you monster," Harry hissed and started fighting again. He ran at Tom, who let the boy get near, and then Harry pulled out the Sword of Potter and swung straight at the man he thought to be his mortal enemy. He knew that The Darkness was the real threat, but defeating it was just part of the huge duty put on his shoulders. This was the man that he really hated. Defeating Voldemort was personal. Spells flew in every which direction. Tom was sure that they had been spotted already, and that there would be reinforcements for the child he was fighting very soon. With a roar, Tom summoned a gust of wind so large it threw Harry at a wall. The young Potter was saved by Hogwarts just before he hit the wall, as Tom had been anticipating. He put his hand to the floor and transmuted the stone of the castle to shackle Harry's wrists. The young Potter was finally subdued. His hands were tied, and Tom regretfully plucked the wand from his hand. "Do your worst," Harry said, glaring at Tom. "I did not come here to fight you Harry," Tom scratched out. "Don't say my name!" Harry roared at him. "Fine," Tom sighed, "Mr Potter, I did not come all this way to fight you." "Came here to die, Voldemort?" Harry spat back. "That is not ideal," Tom admitted, "But it would be a fair bit better than the alternative." Harry blinked. He was still angry - furious - but this conversation was not going at all as he had imagined. "Step away from Harry," a cold voice said from behind Tom's head. "I hope I can prove to you that I am not here to fight," Tom said, and then raised his hands above his head and stepped away from Harry. And then, Arcturus was next to Harry, and with a single movement, he removed the bindings from Harry, sacrificing all of the transmuted stone to remove the restraints, leaving a small portion of the wall gouged out. Tom on the other hand was shackled by Iliad, in the blink of an eye. A knee to the stomach brought him to his knees. Tom hacked up blood. "I'm not here to fight," Tom gasped out. "Give me one reason I shouldn't kill you where you stand," Iliad said before backhanding Tom across the face, "Oh, I'm sorry, Give me one reason I shouldn't kill you where you COWER." *** End of Chapter
An: If you wanna read the latest The Intelligent Potter chapters, check this story out on webnovel. I hope you enjoy this chapter! *** A Little Later The former Dark Lord was shackled to the middle of the interrogation chamber. Or well, the interrogation chamber which had been created by the Room of Requirement. The interrogation had yet to start, but plenty of Order members had roughed Tom up a bit, they couldn't stand the sight of him, for obvious reasons. Still, no matter how many times they punched him or kicked him, the pain was nothing relative to what The Darkness had already inflicted on him, so he just took the attacks quietly. There was nothing else he could do really. Amelia Bones walked into the room. It seemed like the former DMLE Head had been chosen as interrogator. There was a window of tinted glass behind which, he assumed, the rest of the Leaders of the Light were hidden. "Amelia Bones," Tom greeted quietly. "Murderer," she returned. Tom nodded, accepting the title. He saw no point denying it. He was a murderer after all. Just because he didn't really have it in him to hurt anybody anymore didn't mean he had completely repented of his many murders. "Why haven't you freed yourself," Amelia asked first. Tom supposed that was the most important question. They couldn't kill him, because of the two remaining horcruxes, but at the same time, there had to be a reason that he practically walked into the den of his enemy with no backup and let himself be captured. And he had let himself be captured. It was possible that Arcturus could have taken him in this weakened state but not without a very long fight, even with the help of the Black Lord's allies. "Because this is the only place I am safe." Even Amelia couldn't stop herself from snorting, "Safe? You think you are safe here? You will die as soon as we can figure out how." Tom raised his eyebrows, "You would make Harry a killer while he was still in school?" He could see the conflicting emotions on Amelia's face, "No," she said simply, "I would kill you myself. The prophecy may well be fulfilled by Harry directly causing your death by hunting down all of your horcruxes." "Well," Tom said, "Right now, dying is the safe option for me." Amelia went quiet for a little bit. If she was completely honest with herself, she was extremely unsettled by this version of Lord Voldemort. The maniacal crazy who had killed her brother was a man she could easily get behind murdering. This man was quiet and subdued, and she couldn't help but want to know what had happened to the fearsome Dark Lord. "So what's the other option," Amelia said roughly, "What could be worse than this," and her roundhouse kick caught him across the face, making the chair he was tied to fall over. Tom crashed to the ground but didn't flinch. "The Darkness did worse," he said, "Much, much worse." Now Amelia was really confused, "The Darkness? Weren't you using it?" Tom looked Amelia dead in the eyes, with his dead eyes, "I will not lie to you for your sympathy, Amelia Bones. I was - maybe still am, somewhere deep inside - a psychopathic man thirsty for power, willing to do anything to get it… but for the last two years, I have been little more than a slave. A slave of The Darkness. It tortured me day and night. My own body was a hell that I could not escape from. After that, everything seems insignificant. I just… can't go back to the pain. So kill me, I beg of you, gather my horcruxes, destroy them, and kill me." Amelia began to see an opportunity forming, assuming that Voldemort was telling the truth. "If you're really so ready to die, surely you would not mind a questioning under veritaserum?" Tom shrugged, "I have nothing more to lose." Amelia disappeared, maybe she had gone to discuss with the rest of the Leaders of the Light, and returned a few minutes later with a vial of veritaserum. She dropped three drops onto the tongue of Voldemort, who opened his mouth willingly, and swallowed obediently. "What is your name." "Tom Marvolo Riddle." Amelia nodded. So it seemed that she was familiar with his real name, Tom noted. "Are you or are you not the self-styled mass-murderer and terrorist leader Lord Voldemort." Tom knew what she was asking but the serum forced him to answer honestly as per what he thought, "No," he said. Now, Amelia was surprised, she thought over her question and realised where she had misspoken. "Are you or have you ever been the self-styled mass-murderer and terrorist leader Lord Voldemort." "Yes." It was unrelated to the purpose of the questioning, but Amelia felt compelled to ask, "How many people have you killed." "I have personally murdered three hundred and eighty four men and women, but I do not know the total number of people killed by my actions, or my Death Eaters." "Do you repent your actions?" "No." "Then why in hell are you here, Tom Marvolo Riddle." He looked her straight in the eye and said, "Because I want The Darkness to suffer and die. I no longer care about my life, or my immortality. I just want The Darkness to end." Amelia was silent. She was not sure how to proceed with that revelation. "How about we cut a deal," a new voice entered the room. Arcturus Black pulled up a chair, which had been conjured by the Room of Requirement. "I thought you might say that," Tom smiled a little bit, for the first time since he had gotten there. "What are you doing!" Amelia hissed at Arcturus. The Lord Black ignored her and incanted, "Crucio." Tom twitched slightly but didn't cry out. "Wipe that smile off your face, Riddle. This may be an unforgivable curse, but I have done plenty of unforgivable things in my life, and I am willing to do one more to keep you in line. Now, here are the terms of our deal, and they are all my terms, because you do not get any terms, do you understand, Riddle?" *** End of Chapter
An: If you would like to read the latest chapters of TIP a few days early, please check this story out on webnovel. *** Present "How about we cut a deal," a new voice entered the room. Arcturus Black pulled up a chair, which had been conjured by the Room of Requirement. "I thought you might say that," Tom smiled a little bit, for the first time since he had gotten there. "What are you doing!" Amelia hissed at Arcturus. The Lord Black ignored her and incanted, "Crucio." Tom twitched slightly but didn't cry out. "Wipe that smile off your face, Riddle. This may be an unforgivable curse, but I have done plenty of unforgivable things in my life, and I am willing to do one more to keep you in line. Now, here are the terms of our deal, and they are all my terms, because you do not get any terms, do you understand, Riddle?" In the midst of irregular breathing, Tom nodded jerkily. "Good boy," Arcturus said, satisfied, "Now, I don't want to lift this curse, you understand, but I also do not want you to go crazy, so I will let you off the curse for now, got that Riddle?" Another nod. The curse was lifted. "So here are my terms, you listening, Riddle?" Arcturus punctuated with a punch situated near Tom's belly. "Yeah," Tom gasped, as all the air was knocked out of him. "You will tell me everything you know about The Darkness. What its powers are, what it likes, dislikes, how it can be beaten, what it eats for breakfast in the morning. Then you will tell me where your two remaining horcruxes are, and you will get them for me. Sounds good?" Tom opened his mouth to say that he was amenable with the terms but he was kicked again. "Trick question, doesn't matter what you think," Arcturus said. Amelia pulled the Lord Black back, "I think you are enjoying this a little bit too much, Arcturus," she said forcefully, "This is why we decided that I was going to be the interrogator and not you. At least I can hold back the vindictive side of me which demands that he feel pain." Arcturus glared at her but backed down, "Fine, whatever, but get an unbreakable vow first." Amelia glanced at Tom who shrugged. He had nothing to lose. Amelia waved her wand, and the chain holding Tom's right hand came undone. He held it out and it was grasped by the witch. Arcturus began the proceedings of an unbreakable vow, and the wizard and witch involved stood there, looking at each other in the eyes, as the strands connected their arms. "Do you, Tom Marvolo Riddle, swear not to do any intentional harm to any member of the Order of the Phoenix or the Leaders of the Light?" "I do." "Do you, Tom Marvolo Riddle, swear to do whatever it takes to bring down The Darkness?" "I do." And the bond was sealed. "Good luck," Arcturus wished Amelia, and then left. Amelia nodded, "Will do," she nodded to Arcturus before turning back to Tom, "Now you, Riddle, spill the beans." Tom nodded, "Okay, so The Darkness. The Darkness is a primordial being of the universe. It makes things exist. It mostly works through the power of its shadows, which it can use as basically anything. It can create things out of its shadows, or destroy things, or fly. Its powers are nigh endless. Anything it does cannot be reversed with a normal spell from a normal wand. It is strongest in the nighttime, and impossible for a regular wizard to defeat, no matter how powerful they may be. It fears the Champion of Death very much, that is Harry Potter. The Elder Wand possesses the essence of Death itself, another primordial being, so normal magic channeled through it can affect The Darkness. That is probably its only weakness, or at least the only one that I know of. The Darkness does not require any nutrition at all, but while it was occupying my body, it enjoyed eating muggle fruit loops and cheerios for breakfast, purely out of enjoyment." Amelia blinked, "What?" "The Darkness is a primordial being of the universe. It makes things exist. It mostly-" "No, don't repeat yourself," Amelia interrupted, "Just… why was that last part useful?" Tom shrugged, "It may have been a joke, but I have to respond to the entire question that the Lord Black asked me because I am under the influence of veritaserum." Amelia groaned, "God damn it Arcturus, why does that man have to be dramatic about everything? It's a bloody waste of time." "I do not know, because I am not Arcturus, but I believe that he was trying really hard to be intimidating," Tom said, compelled to answer to the rhetorical question. "Oh shut up," Amelia snapped at Tom. After a bit of an awkward silence, Amelia remembered this was an interrogation, "So, horcruxes?" "A Horcrux is an object in which a Dark wizard or witch has hidden a fragment of his or her soul for the purpose of attaining immortality" "Oh, for god's sake, answer my question properly. Where are your last two horcruxes located." "Nagini is my next horcrux," Tom said grimly, "She is still back at The Darkness' base in Riddle Manor." "The Darkness is based out of Riddle Manor?" "Yes," Tom confirmed, "It is heavily warded." "Well, I suppose we have to get her back." "It's a suicide mission," Tom hissed, "You need to wait till Potter can take down The Darkness." "No," Amelia shook her head, "You will lead an operation to acquire your bloody snake from your bloody Manor." Tom looked so truly scared that Amelia almost went back on her words, "No...please don't make me face it again!" "You made an unbreakable vow," Amelia said, "And since you can't die yet, I wouldn't want to imagine what torture your soul would be put through by denying." Tom looked like he was about to cry but nodded nonetheless. "And the last horcrux?" Amelia asked. Tom's look softened, "I am actually sorry about this," he said, "I did not mean it to happen, even back when it did." "Spit it out." "My last horcrux is Harry Potter." *** End of Chapter
An: If you would like to read the latest chapters of TIP a few days early, please check this story out on webnovel. I hope you enjoy this chapter! I'm steadily approaching the big chapter 100, and that is quite exciting for meeee. *** Present, Riddle Manor Bran Buckley bowed before The Darkness. He was still confused with everything that was happening. His Dark Lord had gone from the fearsome master to the Death Eaters' enemy number one within the span of a single day. A somewhat useless pureblood himself, he accepted his new master as he had accepted his old master. And the new master had certainly made an example of the few Death Eaters who had rebelled against him. Bran was happy enough to keep his life intact. "Any news on Voldemort?" The Darkness asked Buckley. "No sir, our spies are all out looking for The Dark-I mean, V-V-" "It's just a name," The Darkness growled, "The name of a weak coward, not a Dark Lord." "All our spies are out looking for him," Buckley chose his words carefully. Despite the departure of Voldemort, decades of habit meant that he could not make himself say the name of the man he had once called his lord. "And?" "We have had no luck," Buckley admitted, "He isn't at any of his safe houses, or anywhere in the underworld of Magical Britain, that is for sure. The agents we hired in the muggle world have not had any luck finding him there either. He seems to have just disappeared off the face of the Earth. If he had left the country via any magical or muggle means, our Ministry would have registered the act." The Darkness hmmed, deep in thought, "Then I know where that rat has gone," he said with contempt. "And where is that, sir?" Buckley asked. "Our little rat has fled," The Darkness said, "to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Buckley gasped, "That is most terrible news, sir," he said, trying to figure out how to phrase what he wanted to say without disrespecting his master, "we have had...difficulties trying to raid Hogwarts in the past." "On the contrary, Bran," The Darkness said with a smirk, "This is excellent news." Bran blinked once. Then twice. "What?" he asked. "Put Nagini under lock and key in the dungeons," The Darkness commanded his subordinate, "And prepare for an assault. The Leaders of the Light will be coming here." *** Hogwarts "Why can't you just deal with my horcrux after you've dealt with The Darkness," Tom grumbled. "Are you being serious, Riddle?" Babajide asked incredulously, "The Darkness is a major problem certainly, but you are the man that has terrorised this country for decades now." The two men were currently getting ready to lead the mission on Riddle Manor. Arcturus had initially wanted Tom alone to go to the Manor and retrieve his snake, but the former Dark Lord made a good point about The Darkness seeing that coming from a mile away, and the necessity of having backup became quite obvious. Arcturus and Babajide would both accompany Tom on the mission. It was an extremely risky play, endangering the two strongest fighters that the Light side had for this mission, not to mention two of the Leaders of the Light, but it was a necessary risk, Babajide opined, because they needed to have Tom mortal and killable, so that he didn't just slink away once his goal was fulfilled and The Darkness was dead. He had to pay. The three men were making the assault alone, they were short enough on men already, and this was a little bit more of a stealth mission, so there was no point bringing along large numbers of men to the battle. Though it would be hard to muster a decent force at this point anyway. There was no international help for them apart from that of Anu and Babajide who had both taken time off from their jobs to help out in Britain. Locally, there were a few old Aurors who had stayed loyal to Amelia, as well as a few members of the Order of the Phoenix, but their total numbers were still fewer than fifty. "We're ready to go," Tom said grimly, pulling his two companions out of their thoughts. *** Headmistress' Office Harry was subdued. Minerva could hardly blame the young boy, after all, she had no idea how she would feel if it were suddenly sprung on her that she would have to die for the Dark Lord to be defeated. Not to mention the boy was still a teenager, he should rightfully have had at least a century of life to go, a century of very good life, Minerva privately hoped, to make up for the hardships he was being forced to face as just a child. "Good Morning Professor McGonagall," the boy said to her, bringing the Headmistress back to reality, where she had called the young Potter into her office. "How are you feeling, Harry?" she asked him, concerned. He stared at her, and she could tell that he did not know how to answer. It was times like this when Minerva sorely missed the presence of the man whose portrait hung behind her. The version of Albus in the portrait was a dull recreation of the man she had known in life. It could recreate his personality, but it could not give the kind of advice which he was known for. The kind of advice it now fell to her to give her your charge. "What would Albus say," she murmured, which brought a smile to Harry's face. "I've been thinking that a lot as well," he admitted, "Wondering what the Headmaster would say to me. How he would make me feel better… if he would make me feel better." "Of course he would!" Minerva said, still racking her brain on what Albus would say. "We will find another way," she said finally. It was not what Albus would say. He would try and get Harry to be at peace with the current reality, but that was not what Minerva would do. She would find another way for her young pupil. *** End of Chapter
An: If you want the latest chapters of The Intelligent Potter just that little bit early, you can find it available on webnovel! That said, I hope you enjoy this chapter! Also, Chapter 100 is coming up next, and I am planning on seeing whether I can do something special for it? Maybe it's gonna be something as lame as a long chapter (though I've been writing short chapters recently to make numbers kinda, so I guess it would be special, even if it's only a 2000 word chapter or a 3000 word chapter) but I'm also considering some other ideas, like maybe a special fight, or a oneshot or a really cool story. *** Present Operation Nagini. That's what they were calling it. Tom preferred Operation Suicide, personally, but he guessed that that was a little too much of a downer for the rest of his team to palate. "The Darkness will have moved Nagini to the dungeons, to be held in captivity," Tom said, "She would have been moved immediately once it was realised that I had escaped." The other two men accompanying Tom nodded that they understood what he was saying. "The wards still accept me as their master," Tom continued, "So sneaking in should be no issue, I'll enter and then give the two of you permission to enter. Then we just sneak into the dungeons with as little confrontation as possible and escape with Nagini." The trio made their way through the thick forest which surrounded the Manor on all sides. The forest made sneaking up on the Manor a very easy task, something with Babajide, Arcturus, and Tom were all very glad for. "This is the ward line," Tom said, once they had well, reached the ward line. "I will enter first," he instructed before walking across. That was when everything went wrong. A loud klaxon-type sound went off. It was deafening. Tom's eyes widened, "The Darkness must have changed the wards!" he realised, "Akingbade, Black, come, we need to get to a different part of the grounds, The Darkness will be here within a minute." The trio sprinted as Tom led them through the less used pathways of the Manor, to try and find an empty spot where the three of them could hide. Finally, they found the shed of the gardener, which was completely deserted, and right next to a very overgrown garden. All three members of the team were breathing extremely heavily. Arcturus cursed, "It was a fucking trap." They heard a Death Eater approaching the cottage. "He must have seen us through the window," Tom hissed, before opening the door ever so slightly and shooting the Death Eater with a spell. He disappeared. "What did you do to him?" Arcturus whispered to Tom as they all ducked out of the view of the window. "You'll see," Tom said and then the Death Eater popped into existence right in front of them. Arcturus stared, "What the hell kind of spell was that?!" "One I made up myself," Tom said, wordlessly stunning the man in front of them who he had magically remotely apparated. "Damn!" Baba whistled. Tom let himself smile, "They'll start sweeping the rest of the grounds once they're done checking the perimeter. This is our chance to sneak in." Arcturus and Babajide nodded. They made their way out, under disillusionment charms, and Tom led them on a roundabout route back to the Manor, and snuck them in. The Manor was deserted. It looked like all of The Darkness' men had gone out to search the perimeter and find the trespassers. Babajide, the youngest and least experienced of the three, relaxed ever so slightly as they reached the dungeons. "There will be guards here for sure," Tom whispered. The three hid around the sides of the gate, and then as one unit, they slammed the door open and whipped up their wands, shooting our stunners before they even registered where they were. The three heard hissing from the cell at the furthest end of the dungeon and quickly scurried across to where they heard the hissing. Tom blasted open the gate to the cell. The Darkness sat on a chair, playing with Nagini. It paused from its play to look up at the shocked wizards who were frozen at the door. "Finally decided to return to me, Tom?" The Darkness casually said, "And you've brought two of our enemies as a sacrifice, good choice." "I'm here to take my snake back," Tom said quietly, his voice trembling as he was in the presence of the being that had tortured him for close to a year. The Darkness tightened his grip around Nagini's neck, and choked the snake to death, the black mist of the horcrux screeching as it was forcefully sent to the afterlife, "Oh no," it said in mock horror, "I think I killed it." Arcturus and Babajide looked at each other and blinked. Mission Accomplished? Both of them turned tail and sprinted away, blasting open the doors of the dungeon in an attempt to get out, now that their goal had been accomplished, hearing Tom scream behind them. Then they both tripped, looking down to their ankles to see that they had been grabbed by none other than The Darkness itself. "You thought you could get away that easily?" The Darkness spoke. Both wizards grunted and shot off spells at The Darkness, but were unable to hurt it at all. Then The Darkness fell over, blood spewing from its mouth. Tom appeared from behind it, looking a little bit worse for wear, his wand held out. "Let's go," he roared and they ran, even as The Darkness healed itself behind them. "How did you hurt it?" Baba asked, as they ran, blasting Death Eaters out of their way. "Alchemy," Tom replied, "It cannot resist alchemically created weaponry." Tom pulled a knife out of his robes - presumably an alchemically created one - and directed it to fly at their assailant. The Darkness dodged, but Tom directed it to stab it from behind. The primordial being held its hand out to prevent being impaled itself but gaining a cut on the hand. The trio reached the perimeter of the Manor, but could not exit, as there were wards set up to prevent their exit at the perimeter, which The Darkness must have set up as a part of the trap it had set for them. "Break the wards," Tom said grimly, pulling out more knives, "I'll hold him…" *** End of Chapter
An: And we've made it. Chapter 100. Thank you so much to everybody who has been following this story over the past three years. Over a thousand of you have followed this story and I am truly grateful. This chapter is for, well, all of you, but I would specifically like to acknowledge the few users who follow this story ardently and review on every chapter. This is for you WhiteEagle1985, jkarr, fraewyn, alix33, geekymom, Son of Whitebeard, and everyone else who has loyally been following this story for one hundred chapters. (I'm sure there's at least a few others who deserve mention by name who I'm forgetting right now, and I'm super sorry about that). Also thanks so much for the 1800 followers! I probably have a few more than that because this chapter will be posted in a few weeks from now, Also, here's a completely unbidden look back on this story. Really, it has been such a long process, and I have come so far as a writer and a person that it's really weird to look back at how quickly I used to skim over things and drop plot points. Not to say that I don't at all now, I am very very very far from infallible, but I think that I have gotten quite good at tying up plot threads, and writing things plausibly and seriously. To this day, I get tons of reviews about lazy mistakes like the 'insert granger address here' gag and stuff like that, and I really wish I could change every single lazy mistake I made with this story, but that would be very very hard. I get why Fanfic authors really want to redux their old work, but I just don't think I have the patience to do something like that. It just isn't creatively rewarding, and I would much rather be working on a brand new project after I'm done with The Intelligent Potter. Still, I get it, and I thank all of you for sticking through the silliness and idiocy of some of my earlier chapters. I hope it has been worth it for all of you. Let me just say once again that your support for over one HUNDRED chapters is amazing for me. Thank you very much. I hope you enjoy this chapter. It is a tribute to all y'all. *** Unknown Location, Present Nicolas Flamel stuck his head under the tap of the public washroom, running his hands through his overgrown hair to try and wash up. The man had not had a bath in several long weeks. He would use his wand but it had been crushed by the Darkness. His thoughts wandered to his wife for a brief second before he clamped down hard on that train of thought. Neither Nicolas nor his wife had been very afraid of death, but being separated from each other was an entirely different torment which Nicolas had not been prepared for in the slightest. Really, he supposed, he should have just let himself die at the hands of The Darkness. It would have been terribly embarrassing but life was a lot harder than being taken by the ever-fair hands of Death. He had pulled himself through the assault on his home, and escaped The Darkness (not before a short but fierce duel between the two) because he knew that he was needed by The Leaders of the Light. 'Much help I am now,' he thought bitterly, his hand coming up to scratch his unshaved chin. At the rate he was going, he would not even be able to make his way to England, let alone help out with the war effort. Not to mention that he was ever aware of the clock ticking on his lifespan, as his advanced age rapidly caught up with him, as the effects of the Philosopher's Stone wore out over time, after he had destroyed his life's greatest creation, to prevent it from falling into the hands of The Darkness. He pulled himself out of his reminiscing to notice an eerie silence. That was odd. He was sure that there had been the voices of plenty of Muggles all around the public toilet, as usual. Now it was quiet. It was unnaturally quiet. A silencing charm. Just Great. They were back. Nicolas scrambled up, his wild hair still dripping wet from the washing he had been giving it. Just in time to escape his death, it seemed, as the sink was shattered violently into itty bitty pieces of marble which went flying in every direction. Nicolas ducked into a toilet stall in the public toilet to avoid being impaled by shattered marble. The alchemist quickly set up an equivalent exchange, sacrificing the wall of the toilet to create a small dagger. With the wall out of place, Nicolas sprinted out of the toilet and into the crowded streets of Paris. He had been trying to make his way out of the city for weeks, but being pursued by the most deadly group of assassins in the world kind of put a dent in that plan. Parisians looked at Nicolas - confused - wondering why the old man dressed in rags with overgrown hair was running haphazardly through the streets. "Monsieur," Nicolas heard a French policier say, "Qu'est-ce que vous faites?" He didn't have time to reply and kept running down the street. The policeman followed him, much to his dismay, presumably thinking he was some kind of homeless man in some kind of trouble. Nicolas dove into a tiny alleyway, ducking past the board of a small restaurant set up there, and scaling the small wall at the end of the pathway. The policeman followed him, "Je suis là pour vous aider!" he said earnestly, "I am here to help you!" he repeated in English. Great. An earnest police officer thinking he would be able to help Nicolas against the best assassins in the world. He would have laughed at the hilarity of the situation under any other circumstances, but unfortunately, his life was on the line. He had to deal with the policeman before he got himself killed, or worse, before he got Nicolas found by his assassins. Nicolas stopped running, getting down on his haunches like he was tired from all of the running, and was panting to catch his breath. "Monsieur," the police officer reached him, and got down on his haunches as well, "What is wrong, sir," he said, in French. "Bad men," Nicolas gasped out with a faked shortness of breath, "Bad man chase me," he repeated. "Come with me to the police station, and I will help you," the officer said, "My name is Emmanuel," the now-named officer smiled down at him. Nicolas couldn't help being reminded of his old friend who he had not seen in so long now. He let the officer help him up, before subtly getting behind him. He pulled his dagger out discreetly, turning it around so that he could knock Emmanuel out with the butt of the weapon. Just as he drew his hand back to strike, he was blown away from the officer. Cracks formed in the ground underneath them, and a huge jagged shard of rock pierced out of the ground. Nicolas noticed it just in time to dive out of its way. The policeman whipped around, a baton out in his hand, his eyes bulging as he saw the destruction of the ground behind him. Shit. Nicolas was out of time. A young man, muscular, walked into the alleyway. He was young but his hair had been died pure white, including the stubble on his face and his moustache. "Oy oy oy," he said, "You are not dead yet." "Get behind me," the police officer said to Nicolas trying to take charge of the situation, while simultaneously asking the white-haired man, "Who are you?" "I am the Son of Whitebeard." the man smirked, before noticing that Emmanuel was reaching for his radio receiver to call for backup. "Oho, someone's trying to play the hero. Delightful. Unfortunately, I can't have you involving any more mortals than absolutely necessary." The white-haired man twitched his hand and the ground underneath Emmanuel the policeman ruptured, and then Emmanuel the policeman was ruptured, and then Emmanuel the policeman was stone cold dead. Nicolas ran, but he knew that the Son of Whitebeard was not working alone. He was proven right, as an absolutely gigantic eagle lunged out of the sky, with snow-white feathers, and razor sharp talons aimed right at him. Nicolas put his hand to the ground, sacrificing most of the cement and tarmac of the road to hastily create a metal medieval-style shield, and raised it. The talons of the eagle embedded themselves in his shield, piercing straight through the shield, but stopping just before his chest. Nicolas pulled the shield back before throwing it right at the face of the eagle. "White Eagle, report status," Nicolas heard a voice say. "Subject is still alive, Fraewyn," a human voice came out of the eagle. "Then kill it." "That's what I'm trying to do!" the Eagle snapped before flapping its wings, creating large gusts of air which blew Nicolas into the wall. Nicolas scrambled to his feet, only to find himself in a corner with assassins surrounding him from every angle. The White Eagle, with a flap of his wings, flew behind him, to stand above the wall which he had been backed against, just in case he tried his trick of transmuting the wall into something a lot smaller - which he had employed in the public bathroom - once again. The two assassins who had assaulted him already were joined by four more assassins, who simply seemed to appear out of the shadows. Nicolas got into a fighting position, holding his knife offensively. The five assassins surrounded him. "Nicolas Flamel," they all said together. "Practised synchronisation, have you?" Nicolas said. The assassins all glared, except one older lady, who responded by saying, "Yes, Actually." "Geeky Mom," the White Eagle (who was still keeping himself floating by flapping his powerful wings) hissed, "Don't tell!" Taking advantage of their distraction, Nicolas ran at the weakest-looking member of the squad, the so-called Geeky Mom, and with lightning quick motion, he stabbed at her. With even faster reflexes, the assassin caught his wrist with two fingers, cracking the bones in the area and plucking the knife out of his hand faster than he could even blink. The knife found itself embedded in Nicolas' thigh. The oldest man in the world gritted his teeth to avoid screaming out loud at the pain that he was feeling. A powerful kick pushed Nicolas back into the corner he had been backed into earlier. He coughed up a wad of blood, and fell over. "He's done," the Son of Whitebeard said, "He isn't going anywhere." "Ooh, does that mean we can have an evil monologue!" Geeky Mom said, delighted, "I've wanted to do one of those ever since I became an assassin, but all our victims just die too quickly to hold a conversation with." The Son of Whitebeard pinched the bridge of his nose, but nodded, accepting the request. "Fine," he said to Geeky Mom, "But make it quick." Geeky Mom walked up to Nicolas, "Do you know who we are, dead man?" The Alchemist looked up at her incredulously, but didn't answer. A vicious kick to his stomach soon changed that. "Yes," he gasped out, "You are members of The Followers, the greatest group of assassins in the world." "You know, you're a lot alike, you and I!" Geeky Mom said dramatically. The rest of the assassins groaned at the cliche. There was an awkward silence. "Do you want to know how?" Geeky Mom prompted. Silence. Geeky Mom raised a fist and Nicolas answered quickly, "Yes, of course I do." "We're all alchemists here," she said, spreading her arms to gesture to the rest of her group, "In fact, our power, the power of our entire organisation, is based on research that you conducted, Mr Flamel, so you have to imagine how surreal it is to kill you. To kill the man that made us." Nicolas' eyes widened, this was news to him. Another member of the posse of assassins grinned, "You never finished your research into the transmutation of magic itself, did you? You seemed it a danger to society, and shelved it, didn't you?" Nicolas nodded slowly, a cold dread building in his stomach. "Jkarr, don't steal my monologue," Geeky Mom said crossly. "You don't own the monologue!" the now-identified Jkarr protested, "You're spouting cliches that are pretty much public domain, I can participate too! Tell her I can participate, Son," he said, referring to the Son of Whitebeard, and not a biological son of his own. The Son of Whitebeard simply stared at Jkarr. "Okay fine, be like that," Jkarr grumbled, before turning to another member of the group, "Tell her, Alix!" Alix shrugged, and Jkarr huffed. Geeky Mom looked back at Nicolas, "Sorry about that," she said, "Now, where were we? Oh yes, I was telling you about how your research was taken by our master, and made the basis for the creation of our powers." "You have a master?" Nicolas asked, unable to resist his curiosity, despite knowing that he was going to take this information to the grave with him. "We're called The Followers, of course we have a master," Alix said, reasonably. "Anyway, your research created us. If you sacrifice your magic, this is what you can do," Geeky Mom grinned, before all her veins started glowing red, and she picked up the shield Nicolas had been using and crushed it between her hands. "That's one of the possibilities," Alix explained, "Essentially, with all of the magic that you donate, you can transmute that supernatural energy into most any kind of power you wish." "Fascinating," Nicolas murmured. Geeky Mom frowned, "Where's the look of horror? I wanted to see your look of horror at what you have created." Rather than give a look of horror, Nicolas grinned. "Thanks for that," he said. "Kill him," the Son of Whitebeard said immediately, "He's planning something, just-" He flew into the wall, and collapsed to the ground. Unconscious but not dead. Nicolas sprinted, grinning at the rest of the assassins, despite the pain in his side. His hand was glowing with power. "Au Revoir, Assholes." *** End of Chapter An: Sorry I slipped into French a little in the thing. I really felt like writing all the French dialogue in French, but then I'd be one of the few people to understand what was going on, so I just kind of added lil French bits for fun. Yah. Also, I did not start this chapter thinking Nicolas would survive. I thought this would be a fun way to kill him off, but it seems not. Nicolas lives to fight another day! And also fight in a cool, not-just-wands-magic, way! Usually, I'm a believer in dead-is-dead, but I think that Nicolas is a pretty cool character to keep around. What do you guys think of me keeping Nicolas around? More importantly, I hope you guys enjoyed! I didn't mean to offend any of you with your representations or anything, these are just fun characters I made up off your usernames, and have nothing to do with any individual or what I think of them. Just a disclaimer. Thanks again for the follows and favourites and fancy schmancy powerstones, and most of all, thanks for the reviews.
An: Oh boy, we're entering the last phase of this story, and I am pretty sure this will be the longest one of all. In terms of story arcs, we are now entering 'The End' Arc. I made a list of active plot threads (not even talking about character arcs here, because I work those mostly organically, and if I miss some, that's why, they're not planned out properly) and damn, there are a lot of things I need to wrap up, and I'm only certain about my plans for some of them. Not to mention that I now feel like following up on The Followers (ha, see what I did there?) because they seem too cool not to follow up on, so them and Nicolas will be diving back into this story. Look forward to all that I suppose! Oh, I'm supposed to shout out webnovel, aren't I? I don't even know whether I should at this point. I was offered money and I was considering it but I have NOT signed a contract so I don't technically have to. I AM still posting this story on that platform as well, I will not be dropping it because I also have a readership there now. I've probably already dropped the posting-early thing, and I'm posting on Sundays on both. I can't be bothered changing all the ANs to reflect this though, so I guess they will still say 'first seem on webnovel' or something. *** Riddle Manor, Present "Break the wards," Tom said grimly, pulling out more knives, "I'll hold him…" And hold him he did. Using his alchemically created knives, Tom managed to put up a decent fight, impressing both his enemies-turned-comrades with how skilled he was with hand-to-hand combat. A blast sent Tom flying, but the former-Lord Voldemort kept on and on fighting against The Darkness, quite viciously, sending magic flying, as well as an abundance of daggers which he kept creating. A tendril of Darkness shot at him, but he dove beneath it, a knife in his hand, with which he swung quickly at The Darkness, even as his other hand went for a punch - with alchemically created knucklebusters on his hands. Neither landed, as he was pushed away by The Darkness, once more, as the primordial entity held him off. Neither of Tom's two allies were able to spend very much time looking upon how good of a job Tom was doing, as they were both quite busy working on the wards. A few Death Eaters tried to fight them at some point, but Babajide proved within half a minute why the two of them were wizards so powerful that only the Darkness itself could actually hope to stand against them. Arcturus also noted that only a few of the Death Eaters were truly devoted to attacking them. The rest of them were supremely confused because the master that they had spent years serving was now their enemy, and they weren't sure who they owed their allegiance to, The Darkness or their Lord Voldemort. It was likely - Arcturus postulated - that they would follow whichever of the two won the fight. The Death Eaters followed the powerful, after all. Tom's versatility was truly amazing, even being handicapped without The Darkness, which had been his main source of power in his rise and peak of power. "Enough!" The Darkness roared out, and Tom froze in mid-air, his arms having been grabbed by thick tendrils of Darkness. The man tried to wriggle out of it, but was unable to. "I am going to kill you slowly." The Darkness rasped, before noticing that Tom's attention wasn't on it at all. Controlling his magic completely wandlessly, Tom willed over a dozen knives - which he had guided to float behind The Darkness during the course of their fight - to fly straight into the physical body of his enemy. The primordial entity screeched in pain. Tom kept driving the knives into the creature, which fell to its knees. It looked at Tom with immense hate, and snapped his body in half, killing him in an instant. The exact instant that the two wizards who had been with Tom were able to break the wards and flee the scene. The younger of the two, Babajide, looked back at their former comrade with compassion in his eyes. "I know he deserved that, and more," Babajide said with a quiet voice, "But it is still hard to see a comrade killed." Arcturus grabbed Babajide's hand, and the two apparated out mere seconds before their imminent capture. With a crack, they emerged in one of the large fields of Black Manor, where Arcturus let go of the hand of his teammate, and both men lay down flat on the ground, breathing heavily. "It's what he wanted," Arcturus said, "A painless death." "Painless?" Babajide said incredulously, "The poor bugger was broken in half." "Painless relative to the pain of being tortured for the better part of a year," Arcturus said darkly, "And I don't think Riddle was joking when he called it Operation Suicide. He got to die taking out what he hated most in the world...that's all the penance he deserved." Babajide hesitated but nodded. "Now we only need to take care of the horcrux inside of Harry," Arcturus said, as both men strolled towards the Black Manor, from where they would be able to floo to Hogwarts to report their mission success and the death of Tom Riddle. The two walked in relative silence, making their way to the large and imposing ancestral home of the Blacks. Arcturus busied himself with organising the floo powder, which was stored somewhere away from the fireplace (Baba did not know why) and Baba sat down on the couch in the living room. The Lord Black found his floo powder and they set off to Hogwarts in a puff of green smoke. All of the Leaders of the Light were clustered around in McGonagall's tiny little office space. If it weren't for such a serious issue, Baba would have found the sight quite funny. As it was, the grim atmosphere was too tense for him to crack a smile. Even Sirius Black was sitting stone-faced, waiting for the news - good or bad. When Tom did not follow the other two men out of the fireplace, a look of horror covered the faces of everyone in the room. "The mission was successful," Arcturus said heavily. *** End of Chapter
An: Oh wow, 101 was such a terrible chapter. You probably won't be able to tell, because my uploads are kinda scheduled now, but I struggled with writing that for a few weeks… Oh, speaking of schedules, I'm sorry I've been so inconsistent with posting on-schedule to FFNet...I keep forgetting to do that because Webnovel has the convenience of scheduling posts for you, and I'm extremely busy these days so I keep forgetting to upload chapters even though I have a calendar event for it every wednesday. Well, anyway, hope this one is more enjoyable! *** A Month Later, Gringotts Bank It had taken much coercing but the Goblins had finally agreed to do it. 'Agreed to do what?', you might ask. Well, the Goblins had perhaps the best curse breakers on the planet, which was why even immensely dark cursed objects such as horcruxes were well within the abilities of the wily green creatures to destroy. It had taken a combination of a lot of gold, plus the favour owed to the Leaders of the Light for pointing out the Horcrux which had been stored in Bellatrix's vault, but they had finally, if somewhat reluctantly, agreed to extract the horcrux from Harry's head. And so, Harry and Sirius found themselves waiting nervously at the desk of a Goblin Teller in the Bank of Gringotts. "Come with me, Mr Potter," the teller said gruffly. More than a little bit nervous, Harry complied. Sirius made to follow him, but a different teller stepped up and blocked Sirius' route. "No-one else is allowed," Harry's Dogfather was told firmly. Harry could hear Sirius protesting even as he and the first goblin teller moved out of earshot. "Why can't Sirius come with me?" Harry asked, a little bit lamely. "You are going deep within Gringotts to places very few humans have been," the teller said, "Gringotts owes your so-called Leaders of the Light a great debt for pointing to a horcrux in our own system. A debt worth more galleons than either of us could hope to see in our lives. That is why you are here. No human has set foot in here in the five hundred years since the Wizards waged their last war of oppression upon us." Harry nodded, he had expected as much. He got into the cart with the teller, and it rocketed off at breakneck speeds. Harry was used to it at this point, so he just closed his eyes and tried not to throw up. The ride kept going longer than it ever had before to get to his trust vault. Harry opened his eyes briefly, trying to ignore the stinging from the wind whipping into his eyes, and looked around. They were in a massive cavern. Below them - far below them - thousands of goblins were mining away, and around them was a huge labyrinth of enchanted rail tracks, floating in mid-air. Some of them led down to where the miners were, while others led into different caverns and all over the bank. Gringotts was a lot bigger than Harry could have ever imagined. He closed his eyes again, to stop the nausea from overwhelming him. The last thing he caught a glimpse of was the teller looking absolutely unmoved, as if he were taking a stroll in the park and not travelling at batshit insane speeds hundreds of feet above where the ground was. Harry lost track of the time but they reached their destination eventually. The cart slowed down over about five hundred metres, before coming to a halt, to prevent the people inside it from being thrown out violently due to the speed of the thing. "No human has ever stepped foot here," the teller said casually, "Follow me." Harry followed him. They walked for about a minute through small caverns with glowing rocks embedded in the floor and in the walls which allowed them to see their way, and gave the entire place a little bit of an ethereal aesthetic. They entered a room. An older goblin was there, waiting for them. "Welcome Mr Potter," he rumbled, "My name is Rumbleroar*. Let us get started." It seemed like Rumbleroar was a man of few words. "Removing a horcrux from a living being is not a pleasant process," Rumbleroar pulled an ornate wooden box out of a shelf, and took out of it a wand. Harry stared, "I thought goblins weren't allowed to have wands." "They aren't." Harry's question was given no further regard. The Goblin pointed the wand at Harry's head, and seemed to be trying to take an exact aim. "I should probably warn you," the goblin said, "For this process to work, you will have to be dead for a short period of time. Sorry about that." "Wha-" He saw the goblin's mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone. *** Death The next thing Harry saw was the mighty annoyed face of Albus Dumbledore looking at him crossly. If it weren't a clear sign that he had passed on, Harry would have found the expression on his old Headmaster's face extremely funny. Dumbledore just lookedso grumpy. It was hilarious. Then he spoke. "You fool," Death hissed at Harry, "You may be my Champion, but you can't go around killing yourself whenever you want. You have responsibilities, and I must send you back. Do you know how much paperwork is involved in sending you back once you visit this realm?" "There is a horcrux in my head," Harry said, "One of Voldemort's. It's his last one. After this, he will have truly passed on. His physical body is already dead." Death groaned, "When a person has a horcrux, and they die, what happens to them. What happened to Voldemort when you killed his physical body as a baby?" he said, as if he was speaking to a little child. "They, uh, become a wraith?" "And yet, when The Darkness killed Tom Riddle, he did not become a wraith. He simply ceased to exist. Which would imply…" "There was no horcrux in me," Harry realised, "That means Voldemort was trying to get the Leaders of the Light to kill me...his final revenge from beyond the grave." "Not quite so dramatic, I'm afraid," Death said dryly, "By the end, Riddle couldn't give less of a shit if you died or not. There was indeed a horcrux in your head...that is until you became my Champion. I could hardly have a tainted human as my Champion. Death is fair and untainted. I removed it as soon as you became my representative." "Oh," Harry said. "Oh indeed," Death said, "Now, I shall send you home, Champion, and I better not see you here again at least until The Darkness is dealt with. Have I made myself understood?" Harry hesitated, then nodded. "Good," Death said, "Now, go to sleep." The Primordial Entity waved his hand, and suddenly his eyes felt heavy. "Until next time, My Champion." And then, Harry was asleep. *** End of Chapter * No I have no idea why I named him after the AVPM Pigfarts Headmaster either, I just wanted him to have a name.
An: I hope that you enjoy. *** Wizengamot Meeting, Present The Darkness was frustrated. And bored. Bored and frustrated. The fifty men around it were less bored, and more scared-shitless. "I invite the holder of the seat of Malfoy to speak," The Darkness' puppet, Pius Thicknesse piped up, from his spot on the podium of the Chief Warlock, which he had assumed in the absence of a real candidate for the position due to his own position as Minister. The Darkness stood. It could see the wary glances of all the men and women around him, fellow members of the Wizengamot. "For those of you who don't know me, I am Maximilion Abraxus Malfoy. Due to the untimely and unfortunate passing of my cousin, Lucius, I have been instated as the representative of our family to this great body," The Darkness lied. Of course, the families associated with The Darkness were well aware of who - or rather what - it was, but due to fear, none of them would dare contradict him. The families of the light, the few of them that remained in their spots on the Wizengamot, had obviously never heard of such a Malfoy, but the general acceptance from the dark families led to them accepting its fake identity as a Malfoy as well. It was covered from head to toe in a cloak with a hood, and a glamour which imitated Lucius' luscious blonde hair which cascaded out of said hood. Its face itself was not directly visible by any member of the Wizengamot, and for good reason. Anyone who looked directly upon it would be immediately struck by the potency of its power and the danger he radiated. It would be most impractical. It paused, waiting for the murmuring in the room to calm down. It sent a mental command to Thicknesse, instructing him to bang his gavel and restore order. His stooge did as commanded. The gavel came down, "Silence!" his squeaky voice commanded, "Order, order in the court!" Thicknesse's request was heard, and The Darkness continued speaking. "I have reason to believe that rebel operations are going on at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. In fact, it was an attempted inspection of the premises of the school, conducted independently by my cousin Lucius which resulted in his passing away. Obviously, this is unacceptable, and it demonstrates the complete incompetence of the Hogwarts staff, and their compliance with rebels against the Ministry of Magic." It paused. After an awkward beat of silence, The Darkness realised that Thicknesse was just staring at him dumbly. Idiot. The Darkness mentally commanded Thicknesse, who jerked his neck up and down rather jerkily, "Hear hear, Mr Malfoy," he said, "Do you have any solutions for this?" "While we would ideally like to overthrow the rebels from Hogwarts immediately, this is not possible because it is outside the Ministry's age old agreement with the school, so we cannot simply assault and evict the undesirable parties." That was a lie. The laws regarding the school with the Ministry did indeed specify against a direct assault on the castle, but The Darkness couldn't care any less about that law. It did however care about the powerful wards placed upon the castle by Albus Dumbledore, which it could not overcome in a direct assault. "Then what is our way forward, Mr Malfoy!" Thicknesse said. "The laws do however give the Ministry the right to inspect the premises of Hogwarts, if they believe that the school is not meeting minimum standards of education...I am personally of the opinion that allowing exposure to rebels is destroying any standards of education whatsoever. I'm also certain that this means that other standards of education have also been violated…" "How do you propose we put this law into action," Thicknesse spoke, tonelessly, providing a wall for The Darkness to bounce its speech off of, to avoid seeming dictatorial. "This year, we'll be instating a new position to the school…" The Darkness started speaking, "The Hogwarts High Inquisitor. A position engineered to give The Ministry a foothold at the school, and they can't deny it! The very magic which forms the sentience of the school would bend to the will of an official position." This was it. The initiation of its master plan. He had scoured the laws of the Ministry, and this was the one way in which The Darkness could exert its control over the school without having to fight its way through the wards of the school, which it still could not penetrate. In the moments of silence after his speaking, gossiping had broken out across the entire hall of the Wizengamot. Horror was easily seen on the faces of the light families, whose kids were at Hogwarts, safe from all of the fighting and strife which had engulfed the rest of Magical Britain. The minority of the light families who were actively involved in the resistance effort were even more distraught, as it seemed like their last stronghold of power was going to finally be penetrated. The Dark families could not be read. Their Lord Voldemort, the strongest and most magically intimidating man any of them had met in their lives up to that point, was easily destroyed and killed in a battle of magic by The Darkness. The motion was put to a vote. They were too scared to do anything but vote in the favour of the being - for The Darkness certainly wasn't human in any way, shape, or form - which had declared itself their new Master. Each and every light family voted against the motion. There were no grey families left to vote against the motion, having all been removed from the Wizengamot like the Greengrasses, or been forced to convert to the dark side. "This motion passes with a majority," Thicknesse banged his gavel. It was normal for about one half of the room of the Wizengamot to look grim, due to the polarised dark and light nature of their politics, but for once, nobody in the room looked like they were happy about the passed motion. Thicknesse spoke, "So who are we electing for this position of Hogwarts High Inquisitor? Any suggestions?" The Darkness, under the guise of being Maximillion Malfoy raised its hand, "If I may, Minister, I think I know just the right person for this endeavour…"
