Chapter 1 Not Much of a Plan She shivered in the alley opposite the dingy pub as buckets of rain poured down on her. The people passing by took about as much notice of her as they did the pub she had her eyes fixed on. Everyone was in a hurry to get out of the rain. Last chance, she thought to herself. No turning back after this. Then she crossed the road and walked into the Leaky Cauldron. She didn't know how she'd ended up in that alley. Her memories were all of 5 minutes old, and that was extremely disorienting. She eyed the bar uncertainly. A drink couldn't hurt, after all? And she needed someplace to stay. She needed to get her thoughts in order. She had a feeling she knew why she was here, but it was maddening not to be sure. "What can I get ya?" asked the barkeeper as she sat down on one of the grimy stools. "Uh… Firewhisky, please." He pushed a glass of the amber liquid in her direction, and turned his attention to other customers. She reached for it with shivering fingers and took inventory of her possessions, such as they were. Sodden coat, 1. Bag of coins in its pocket, 1. Shoes drenched and leaking water, 1 pair. An aching sense of injustice, infinite. So she wanted to correct an injustice, and she was here. How could she be certain she even belonged here? She supposed that being able to see the pub was a good start. But getting into the alley beyond… well, that was another kettle of fish altogether. "I'd like a room for the night," she said when the barkeeper happened to move nearer to her end of the bar. He grunted. "That'll be fifty sickles." She nodded. "And another Firewhiskey, please." The glass in her hands was already empty. The morning found her warm, dry, and in much better spirits. She'd spent the early hours of the morning outlining as many things as she could think of. It wasn't a plan, exactly, but it was the beginnings of one. Easy to execute, it would not be. But without a discernible past to provide context for herself, this was all she had going on for her. She had to ask the barkeeper for help getting into Diagon Alley. To her relief, he didn't think much of it. He must have other kinds of people who needed help getting into the place. Wandless people. Goblins, and hags, and things like that, definitely. And surely squibs and the parents of Muggleborn kids would need help as well. She thought of Hagrid briefly, and shivered. She was almost certain she'd never met the man, but it felt as though she knew enough about him already. Once in Diagon Alley, her first stop was the post office. The letter was already written, and she was fairly sure she had engineered it so that she was guaranteed a response. If she didn't, then it was on to Plan A Sub Plan B. But for now, her next step was clear - she needed a wand if she was going to survive in this world. She walked into Ollivander's expecting it to be eerie and silent, and was rather surprised to see that it wasn't. There were at least three customers in the shop already, small kids who chattered away excitedly while their parents smiled on. She settled herself in a corner of the shop and waited quietly, resisting the tug of excitement everything around her was threatening to bring out in her. If she was going to get rejected her, she'd rather she didn't have an audience for it. Finally, the last of the kids trailed out, beaming at their big step into the world of adult magic. The old man turned to look at her, the smile on his face getting rather fixed as he, presumably, realized he couldn't place her the way he did his usual customers. "And how can I help you, Miss…?" "Arwen," she said, repeating the name that had popped into her head when filling out the guest particulars at the Leaky Cauldron the previous night. "Lisa Arwen. I'm looking for a-" The measuring tape that did its work by itself cut her off as it leapt to her face, seemingly measuring her nose on a whim. "A wand," finished Garrick Ollivander. "Wand arm out, please." He was still watching her carefully, as though he expected her to jump up and do something extraordinary, any moment now. "Uh…" She held up her left hand, and then her right, looking hopelessly from one to the other. Which one had she used to write her letter? "Ambidextrous, I see? Not that common a quality, that," observed Ollivander. "Have you had a wand before? You look a little too old to be measuring for your first." "Umm…" she cast about helplessly for a likely excuse. "I, uh, I used to have my mother's old wand. It wasn't great, though, and it, uh…" "Quite." His polite tone seemed to indicate that he didn't entirely buy what she was selling, but he didn't care either way. Ollivander took down a stack of boxes and placed them in front of her. "Let's get started then, shall we?" The pointless wand waving seemed to go on forever, and she felt her misery growing by the minute. "It's no use," she finally said after what felt like the fiftieth box was tossed aside. "I'll just, er, I'll just get going. Sorry to have wasted your time." "No, no, no, young lady." She noticed that Ollivander had quite the gleam in his eye by now. "I'm sure we have just the thing for you somewhere in here." "You don't understand. I don't think-" "What, that you're magic enough?" he finished, seemingly knowing exactly what was bothering her. "You're not the first to worry about that, you know?" She grimaced, said nothing. "Here," he said, plopping another stack down in front of her. It happened halfway down the stack. Without warning, the umpteenth nondescript stick of wood she reached out for came alive under her grasp. Lisa - she supposed she was Lisa now - froze, looking down at the wand she held. "There, what'd I tell you," cackled Ollivander. "Alder wood with a dragon heartstring core. Thirteen inches. Surprisingly swishy." She turned the wand over in her hand, marvelling at it, yet determined to give nothing of her emotions away. "You could do worse than alder, you know," continued Ollivander, packing up the box and handing it to her. "Loyal wood, that. Although the dragon heartstring makes for a rather temperamental wand. It would be interesting to see what the combination achieves. That will be five galleons." She paid for the wand silently and exited, her mind already moving past the initial rush of happiness, and onto more practical matters. She'd give the owl a day or two to respond. In the meantime, she had reading to do. A lot of reading.
Chapter 2 Dark Lords and Ice Cream Albus Dumbledore set down the letter he was reading - for the fifth time - with a sigh. The owl that had brought it showed no signs of moving. It had settled on his desk, one claw held out for a reply, its unblinking stare fixed on him. Every now and then it would break the monotony by snagging a piece of toast from his plate before resuming its vigil. He might have dismissed the letter as crank mail. Indeed, he had been inclined to. Anyone might write to the Headmaster of Hogwarts, after all. But there had been something about it - a hint of too much detail, perhaps. Too much troubling detail. Dear Professor Dumbledore, it read. I hope my letter finds you in good health. I'm writing to request an audience with your august self, at your earliest convenience. I believe I have information of the utmost significance to you, and which closely relates to the troubling events of a few years ago. It is my conviction that unless action is taken well in advance, we may find that history repeats itself in the not too distant future. I have reason to believe that you share this conviction. The wizarding world has bought itself a reprieve at immeasurable cost. It is my intention that this cost is not repeated. The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches, but will be a long time coming, and responsible adults have much work to do before then. Do let me know when would be a good time for you, and please do me the kind favour of arranging transport to your esteemed location as well. I await your owl. Regards, Lisa Arwen Albus felt glad he had opted to breakfast in his quarters today. Setting aside his toast, he got up to retrieve his Pensieve. Bringing up the memory he was looking for wasn't difficult, and he was staring at the pearly miniature of a woman in oversized glasses within minutes. "The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches…" said the memory of Sybill Trelawney. "Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies..." Albus remained bent over the Pensieve as the figure sank back into its depths. It could have been just a careless turn of phrase, he mused. But the overall tone of the letter suggested to him that the author had chosen her words carefully. Coming to a decision, he sat down to compose a response. After all, there could be no harm in hearing the mysterious Miss Arwen out. Dumbledore's response came sooner than Lisa expected. She was slightly amused to find that he had suggested a meeting in Diagon Alley itself. That he was still appropriately cautious was a good sign. It was a pity, really, that he had never bothered to implement that level of caution during the war. Well, perhaps she was being too hard on him, but Lisa didn't feel she could afford superfluous kindness at the moment. She had spent all night and all morning poring over the books she'd picked up from bookstores all over Diagon Alley. Books on the basics of magical theory, on elementary transfiguration and charms lay scattered across the room, heavily underlined and outlined in parts. On the desk lay a sheaf of parchment covered in notes. But there was still so much she didn't understand. At precisely 5 pm, there was a knock on her door. Right on time, she thought, as she set aside the remnants of her late lunch and pushed the books under the bed, dropping the edge of the coverlet to hide them. Her coat, seemingly carelessly dropped over the notes on the table. There was no reason to give the man more information that needed to have about her. It would be concerning, she mused, if he were to somehow get more information on her than even she had herself. Not that she'd put it past him. She pulled open the door to reveal the magnificent white beard of the Hogwarts Headmaster filling most of the doorway. "Professor Dumbledore," she said, mostly to the beard. "A real pleasure to meet you. You're… taller than I expected." That got her a twinkle. He inclined his head. "You must be Miss Arwen." "I am. Would you prefer to have our conversation somewhere outside? I'm feeling like coffee and an ice cream." "Lead on, Miss Arwen," Albus replied amiably. They found themselves at Fortescue's, where they were promptly given a back room she hadn't even realized existed. They sat in silence until their food arrived, Lisa striving to seem unperturbed under the Headmaster's constant, searching gaze. When the door closed behind Florean Fortescue, the Headmaster made an almost imperceptible flick with his hand, towards the door. "We may now speak freely." She raised an eyebrow quizzically. "Muffliato?" Dumbledore smiled. "Alas, I wish I could say I was that sophisticated. No, I'm afraid I'm used to cruder spells from an older time. But just as effective, I think you'll find." She smiled. "Thank you, Professor. I'm here because I think you need my help, and because you'd be a fool to refuse it." It was Dumbledore's turn to raise an eyebrow in surprise. "A bold assertion, even if I do say so myself." "Yeah, that's kind of the problem," she muttered. "You must forgive me. My hearing isn't what it used to be. What was it you were saying?" "Your hearing is fine, Professor. I must say I'm… troubled, to say the least, by the toll this war has taken." "Such is the nature of war, unfortunately," he replied, looking weary. "Especially when we don't even fully understand what it is we're fighting." "And that's where I come in, Professor. To supplement your understanding." He inclined his head again. "Do go on." She took a deep breath. Enough games. Here went nothing. "I think we can both agree that Riddle isn't dead." The look of surprise probably registered on Dumbledore's face for longer than he'd have liked. "That's not a well-known name." "Yes, I know. I also need you to take me seriously, Professor. Because I know why he wasn't killed that night in Godric's Hollow." "There are theories…" he began, before she cut him off impatiently. "I'm not theorizing, Professor. I know. And I know how he can be killed. But it's not going to be easy." Dumbledore sat back, his frank stare appraising her anew. "Nothing worth doing rarely is." He finished his coffee and set the cup back down. "Perhaps this is a conversation better finished elsewhere. Might I be so bold as to extend an invitation for you to stay at the castle for a while, Miss Arwen? Perhaps you can return with me this very night." "Nothing would give me greater pleasure, Professor," she replied, smiling. As they left the shop, she wondered whether he could hear how loudly her heart was pounding. She had done it. She was going to Hogwarts.
Chapter Three A Plague of What-Ifs Walking into Hogwarts evoked the strangest sensations in her - like coming home to a place for the first time. She had barely any time to marvel at all the amazing aspects of the castle she remembered. Remembered was perhaps the wrong word for it, she mused, considering the state of her memories. It was like she knew things, without knowing how she knew. "I have arranged lodging for you among the staff quarters," Professor Dumbledore was saying. "Considering the late hour, perhaps you would prefer to turn in for the night? Dinner will be sent up to your room." "That's very kind, Professor. Thank you." "Mr. Filch will show you up to your room," he continued, nodding at the caretaker who had appeared through a side entrance to the foyer. "Good night, Miss Arwen. I look forward to continuing our fascinating conversation in the morning." Lisa stood there for a moment longer, watching the Headmaster sweep from the room. Then she was called back to the present - and to the greasy sneer on Mr. Filch's face - by the rumblings of her stomach. "Shall we?" Lisa did not wake feeling particularly rested. She had tossed and turned all night, fighting a wave of crushing anxiety. It didn't seem to matter how many times she told herself that her panic was irrational - there was just no arguing it away. She felt plagued by what-ifs - what if the Headmaster refused to help? What if nobody believed her? What if she was unable to figure out how to carry out her mission? And there was the worst what-if of them all: What if she failed? What if she left someone behind? In the end, she climbed out of bed in an effort to beat the mindless panic, and began applying herself to her studies once again. She had found that the longer she spent reading, the easier the concepts came to her. Practicing basic spell work served to further strengthen her theory that perhaps she wasn't as much of a stranger to the world of magic as she had previously assumed herself to be. The spells came easier the more she worked on them, and even seemed to grow in strength and speed proportionate to her rising confidence. But spending hours practicing spell work was, as she found out the hard way, exhausting. Lisa didn't remember falling asleep, but it was well into the day when she awoke with her face stuck to the pages of a book. It took several minutes of rapid blinking, but her eyesight finally adjusted, bringing into focus a house elf who had clearly been interrupted in the middle of its cleaning. "H'lo," she mumbled. "Who are you?" "Miss has mail," said the elf, sniffing disapprovingly before disappearing with a crack. Lisa sighed. So much for making friends on her first day of school. She turned her attention to the missive on the desk the elf had been talking about. The looping cursive seemed unmistakable at even a single glance. 3 pm. Demiguise. A look at her watch told her she had less than an hour until the appointment. She hastily collected her notes on her plan - such as it was - and left the room. It wasn't like finding the Headmaster's office was going to be easy in this labyrinthine castle. Or so she thought, until she walked out of the room and into the house-elf from before, knocking it over. "Oops. Sorry!" The elf picked herself up, rolling her eyes as if she had expected no better from Lisa. "Follow Manita," she snapped before setting off at a run Lisa was able to easily keep pace with. Once they were in front of the gargoyle marking the Headmaster's Office, Manita disappeared as unobtrusively as she'd initially appeared. Lisa eyed the entrance with some trepidation. "Demiguise." The gargoyle sprang aside, revealing a circular escalator. Odd, she thought to herself as she stepped forward. She had been expecting a golden staircase, for some reason. Dumbledore was waiting for her, even though she was early for her appointment. "Miss Arwen," he said warmly, leaning across his desk to shake her hand. "I trust you've had a restful night?" Lisa scoffed as she slid into a chair opposite him. Now that she was in the man's presence again, she could feel her hackles rising, albeit somewhat unwillingly. "I'm sorry to hear that," said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. "I'll have some lunch sent up, and we can talk comfortably here. Comfortably… and safely." "Thank you, Headmaster." "I would appreciate it if you could clarify my curiosity on something to start with. You said you know that Voldemort isn't dead." Lisa nodded. "How?" She sighed. "Professor, you need to understand that I don't actually know how I know a lot of things. I just do. And it may even be difficult to prove many of the things I tell you. I need you to know that I'm not acting in bad faith." He leaned forward and fixed her with an intense blue stare. "I see. Well, then perhaps you can tell me your… theory as to why he's still alive." Lisa smiled to keep from gritting her teeth. "As I mentioned before, Professor, I'm not theorizing. Voldemort wasn't killed by his spell backfiring because of his horcruxes." Dumbledore's eyebrows nearly disappeared into his hair. "Miss Arwen, are you saying that you know for a certainty that Voldemort successfully created a horcrux?" "No, Professor, I'm saying he successfully created horcruxes. Plural." "Impossible," whispered Dumbledore, horror struck. "Even he wouldn't dare, would he?" His voice trailed off and he seemed to have forgotten that Lisa was in the room. "Oh, Tom…" "Professor?" Lisa had to work to keep the impatience out of her voice. Dumbledore sighed, collecting himself. Perhaps it was her imagination, but he suddenly looked much frailer. "You know, Miss Arwen," he said, leaning back into his chair, "there are times in one's career as an educator where one must look at one's reflection in the mirror, and see the face of utter failure staring back." Lisa resisted the urge to roll her eyes. Dumbledore certainly had his moments when it came to being dramatic. "If you're quite done feeling sorry for yourself…" Dumbledore smiled sadly. "Forgive me, Miss Arwen, I-" "No, I get it," interrupted Lisa. "It… sucks, in a word. But even in school, even when he was your pupil, you had to have known that- that there was no turning him away from the courses of action he had set his heart on." He inclined his head in assent. "And yet, one always hopes." They sat in silence for a moment longer, before the Headmaster broke the silence. "I must thank you, Miss Arwen, for this information. I had considered the horcrux as a possibility, especially considering the changes Tom underwent after leaving school. But multiple horcruxes… while the news itself comes as a crushing blow, it is something to work with. I-" "I'm not done." "I beg your pardon?" "There's more, Professor. I know how many - or at least, I can take an educated guess at how many. And I know what they are. And where they are." Dumbledore stared, once more at a loss for words. "And," she shrugged, "I know how to destroy them, but I suspect that's something you probably know as well." "Yes," he said slowly, still staring. "There are… books in our own library that dealt extensively with the subject. Restricted Section, of course, but I've no doubt that Tom would have had little difficulty getting his hands on them during his time at Hogwarts." He scowled. "In hindsight, probably not the best idea, leaving them within the reach of students." He gave her another long, searching look. "You know, Miss Arwen, I'm beginning to fully appreciate what you meant when you said that I need you." Lisa stared back at him, her expression neutral. "So I take it you're open to working together?" "Yes, I think that we certainly-" She held up her hand, cutting him off once again. "However, I do have some reservations, Professor." "I'd expect no less, Miss Arwen. This promises to be a most dangerous venture, and-" "I have some reservations, Professor, about you. About working with you." Dumbledore stared at her in frank astonishment. "Me?" "What was it someone once said?" Lisa's eyes took on a faraway look. "Secrets and lies," she quoted. "They come naturally to you. You work behind the scenes, rarely fighting on the front lines. You keep parts of a plan secret from the people expected to execute it, giving them only what you think they need to know." The old man's jaw tightened. "I do not know how much experience you have fighting a war, Miss Arwen, but sometimes it is important to keep details under wraps. The risks are too high. Even something as simple as human emotion can sometimes ruin everything. Human error-" "Is that what you're calling your incompetence? Human error?" Her voice cut across his words like a whip, silencing him immediately. Liza found that she was trembling, filled with inexplicable rage. "All your secrets, all your machinations, and you couldn't even find the traitor in your midst, Professor. You couldn't keep the people who trusted you from dying, picked off one by one like sitting ducks. Betrayed by someone they considered a friend. A fellow soldier. But most of all, Professor, they were betrayed by your inability to lead." She got up and began to pace. Dumbledore sat as though he had been turned to stone, his blue eyes blazing. "Sirius Black fooled us all," he said coldly. Quietly. "Sirius Black," she sneered back, "is innocent. Just another victim of your blind foolishness. Of your ego." The frozen silence between them seemed to crackle with a dangerous electricity. "Explain yourself," he finally said in a dangerous whisper. "The Potters' Secret Keeper," said Lisa, still pacing. "The traitor in the Order of the Phoenix." She didn't even bother to look at him. "Yes. Sirius Black. He was James Potter's best friend, best man at their wedding-" She was already shaking her head, before he could even finish his sentence. "Did you even bother to try and find out who it was? Did you bother to interrogate anyone in the Order?" Dumbledore sighed wearily. "Miss Arwen, I respect the conversation we have had here. But so far, all you've given me are guesses. Possible avenues of investigation. I'm going to need concrete something to work with, if I am to trust anything you say. Proof, if you will." "Trust is earned, Professor," she said finally, coming to a stop. "And you haven't earned mine. I came to you because I believe that you are well-placed to help stop Voldemort. But to do that, I need you to look past your prejudices and biases, and your belief that you alone know how best to handle a situation. I need you to stop playing chess using other peoples' lives as your pawns. You are our strongest player, but we need you out in the open, not hiding behind a desk." She considered her options for a moment, biting her lip. She was still feeling disoriented from the anger that had come upon her so suddenly. She couldn't shake the nagging sense that it was a clue- a remnant from whoever she had been, before she woke up in a downpour opposite the Leaky Cauldron. But that was a mystery for another day. For now… "I hope you'll think about what I've said. I'll see you at dinner, Professor Dumbledore." She turned on the spot and left the office before she broke and allowed herself to feel any guilt at the way she had spoken. Dumbledore sat as though petrified in his chair, and made no move to stop her.
Chapter 4 The Disappointing Absence of Fiendfyre Albus Dumbledore stayed seated long after the young woman had stormed out, collecting his thoughts. "Sirius Black," she had sneered, "is innocent." That alone should have proved to him, definitively, that she was full of it. He alone had known who the Potters' Secret Keeper had been. This young woman - this Lisa - what did she know? She hadn't been around. She didn't know any of them, or what they'd been through. "Is that what you're calling your incompetence?" He wasn't someone who could afford public displays of self-doubt, but Dumbledore would always be the first to admit - in private - that this wasn't for the lack of any. Her words had shaken him to the core because she had merely repeated back to him what he himself believed to be true. And yet, there had never been anyone who could have done what he had done. That was what he had always told himself. Lisa Arwen was offering him a way out of this conundrum. She had said as much. She was offering herself as an alternative - setting herself up as an authority to rival his own through sheer knowledge. If it could even be called that, he reminded himself. She had offered no knowledge so far - only assumptions. Only theories. Nothing actionable. Nothing that could be proved. And she seemed far too emotional to be able to view matters with any kind of objectivity. So why was she still in the castle? Why hadn't he promptly thrown her out? Why had he even invited her to the castle to begin with? She had known the name Riddle. There were very few people who knew that name. Fewer still, who knew enough to connect it to the dark wizard who styled himself Lord Voldemort. Albus tried to make a list of sources from where the woman could have gotten this information. There were Tom's classmates who had later grown up to become his followers. The first Death Eaters. Many of them were no longer even alive. Fighting Aurors wasn't the best way to ensure a long and healthy life. A second generation of Death Eaters were now either languishing in Azkaban, or had barely talked themselves out of Azkaban with great difficulty. They were effectively neutralized for the moment, and Dumbledore doubted that even they knew Voldemort's birth name. Who did that leave? A handful of former professors of Hogwarts, but most of them had never made the connection between Tom and Voldemort. There was Horace Slughorn - he'd know. But Albus knew the man well enough to know that he wasn't going to be stirring any Dark Lord related pots any time soon. Then there was how convincing she sounded. It wasn't easy to convince Albus Dumbledore. He was an accomplished Legilimens, and an even more accomplished reader of human nature. He was fluent in body language, and nothing about hers told him he was talking to a liar. No. At the very least, Miss Arwen was convinced that she was telling the truth. Albus sighed. He needed more to go on. He needed proof. And he needed to convince her to give it to him. If she couldn't... Well, then he'd eject her from the castle with a clear conscience. A knock at the door recalled him to his surroundings. Albus looked up. "Ah, Severus. Thank you for coming." The newly minted Potions Master walked in, looking wary. His vigilance was unsurprising. The man still carried scars - both physical and mental - from the war they had all just survived. And Albus got the sense that Snape didn't fully trust him yet, even now. "I need help with something, Severus. Please, have a seat." Snape reminded standing, his black eyes devoid of expression. Dumbledore sighed inwardly. A guarded Occlumens to do his bidding. How apropos. "We have a guest staying with us. A Miss Lisa Arwen. I'd be grateful if you could carry out some basic inquiries about her, see if we can find out where she's from, that sort of thing." Snape nodded. "I'll see what I can find out, Headmaster. Anything else?" "No, not at the moment, Severus. Thank you." Albus watched the man turn and glide out of the room without another word. It was almost time for dinner. Dinner... and a peace offering. Lisa was late for dinner. It was her own fault. She had gone for a walk after her tempestuous meeting with the Headmaster. To clear her head, she'd told herself. She hadn't realized that she had had a destination in mind until she found herself on the seventh floor, looking at familiar tapestry. We meet again, ugly trolls. She leaned against the wall, surveying the blank space she knew hid one of the castle's best kept secrets. She had business here, of course, but that would have to wait. There were some things Dumbledore would have to see for himself, if they were going to be working together. If they were going to be working together. Lisa shook her head, trying to get rid of the nagging sense that she might have already ruined everything by losing her temper. I need a place I can practice in, she thought, starting to pace the length of the wall. I need a place I can practice without being disturbed. A place I can use to plan and strategize. A place I can lose control in. She wheeled around after her third pass, and found to her great relief, a door framed in the centre of what had previously been blank wall. The Room of Requirement had been everything she'd dreamed of, and more. A bookshelf against one wall contained exactly the kinds of books she needed to continue her studies. A whiteboard hung against another wall. A lifesize dummy stood at the other end of the room, a target painted on its chest in blue, red and gold. "Brilliant," she whispered to herself. "Remind me to get snacks down here next time." As if on command, a new door began to materialize along one of the walls. "Not now, not now!" she snapped hastily. "Sorry." She had lost track of time after that, sending Stunners one after the next at the dummy. It was beginning to look a little battered by the time she collapsed to the floor in exhaustion, confident that she'd mastered the execution of the spell. She looked over at the dummy with a twinge of guilt. If she was being honest, she'd been taking more than a little of the rage inside on her on the thing. "Wow, what time is it?" she wondered out loud. A little alarm clock immediately appeared next to her and began to chirp shrilly. Lisa swore. It was well past 7. She was going to miss dinner as well at this rate. She scrambled for her possessions and made a dash for the door. Just before it shut behind her, she turned and said "Thank you," to the thin air. The room was sentient, wasn't it? A little good manners wouldn't go amiss. When she reached the Great Hall, Lisa's heart sank to see that there was only one empty seat at the teachers' table. And it was right next to Professor Dumbledore. Oh, well. Nothing like facing an awkward situation head on, was there? She slid into the empty seat, trying to appear as insignificant as possible. Ignore me, ignore me, ignore me- "You should try the potatoes, Miss Arwen. The house elves have outdone themselves today." Despite herself, Lisa froze. So much for getting through dinner without an awkward conversation. Dumbledore seemed to have regained his equanimity though, so there was that to be thankful for. "Thanks, Professor." "I owe you an apology, Miss Arwen." Lisa looked up at Dumbledore, frozen in the act of spooning potatoes onto her plate. "I-I beg your pardon?" "You seem to be right about a great many things. You certainly were right about me. I hope you are still open to working together? I hope that in time I can demonstrate to you that I can be trusted." She kept her eyes on her plate. "Of course, Professor. And, uh... I never intended for you to have to take me at my word. I have proof." Dumbledore's renewed focus on his own plate told her she wasn't the only one in this conversation trying to mask their feelings. "And, uh, how soon would you be able to... get this proof?" She shrugged. "Tonight, if you want." She felt, rather than saw, Dumbledore's eyebrows shoot up in surprise again. "That is, if you're free after dinner, Headmaster." Dinner was a very quick and silent affair after that. Dumbledore ate as fast as anyone could without literally shoveling food into their mouths. "You can meet me in my office once you're done, Miss Arwen," he said, standing up. "I shall just need to get a cloak, and-" "Oh, there's no need, Professor," she said, rather enjoying herself at this point. "We aren't going far. Why don't you sit down and give me ten minutes." Dumbledore sat, looking rather stunned. "Have a glass of pumpkin juice, Professor," she said airily, pushing a goblet towards him. Twenty minutes later, they were back on the seventh floor, looking at musically challenged trolls in need of anger management. "I daresay you know where we are, Professor?" "At this point, I dare not ask how you know, Miss Arwen," came the reply. Not wanting to waste any more time in conversation, Lisa began crossing the blank wall. I need the place where everything is hidden, she thought. I need the place where people hide things. Things they hope never to see again, or hope to return to get, someday. A gasp from Dumbledore told her she'd hit her mark. "Shall we?" What she had privately taken to calling the 'Lost and Found' of the Room of Requirement was exactly as she had imagined it. Mounds of assorted rubbish towered over them, with rows and stacks extending in every direction. Dumbledore gave his surroundings a cursory glance before returning his attention to her, confirming Lisa's suspicions that he'd had the opportunity to use the room in this form before. "Well, unless you know of a way to find something in this room easily, I'm afraid we're going to have to do this the old-fashioned way, Professor. Going to be a bit of a hike," she added, eyeing the hillocks of forgotten possessions. "There's always the Summoning Charm," supplied Dumbledore helpfully. "I know, but I'm not so sure that's going to work on a horcrux." Dumbledore did a slight double take. "So the proof you offer is a veritable horcrux? Hidden, as you claim, within Hogwarts itself? I'm not sure whether to be impressed or to conclude that you're - in a word - delusional!" "That's alright," she replied vaguely, trying to summon up a mental image of what she expected the Diadem to look like. "This is hardly the most astounding thing we're going to be doing." Raven shaped? Something to do with blue maybe? Ugly man bust, definitely. She raised her wand. "Accio Diadem!" They waited. And waited. She felt her shoulders sag. "The hard way it is then," she muttered, turning away in disgust. The diadem nearly hit her in the back of the head. "This is marvellous, Miss Arwen," she heard Dumbledore say wonderingly. She turned to find the man turning Ravenclaw's lost artifact over and over in his hands. He must have snatched it out of the air right before it hit her. "Is this...?" "Yep, that's it," she confirmed. "Rowena Ravenclaw's diadem. Stolen by her daughter, and then by Tom Riddle. He turned it into a Horcrux for himself, and then hid it in the castle, incidentally, the night he came to ask you for a job." "Astounding," Dumbledore whispered, his eyes still on the diadem in his hands. "You may consider me well and truly convinced." "Glad to hear it. Shall we go? This place actually kind of gives me the creeps." Back in the Headmaster's office, the two of them stared at the dark object on the table between them. Dumbledore was the first to speak. "Well, that was easy." Lisa was confronted with the mental image of evil, sentient flames bearing down on her. "Are you complaining, Professor?" "No, no, of course not." "Any ideas on how to destroy it, Headmaster?" "None at the moment. Even I dare not summon Fiendfyre, but perhaps there is a chance of locating Basilisk venom on the black market. I'll check with some of my contacts in Knockturn Alley." "In the meantime, we need to keep this thing safe. And us safe from it." Dumbledore looked at her curiously. "I have heard rumours of the effects of horcruxes on people around it." "Yeah, it has the ability to possess you, if you let it." "Interesting," he muttered. "Well, I can have it sufficiently warded for now. I can only hope that we locate the venom quickly." Lisa coughed to cover the urge to giggle. "Yeah, about that..." AN: Sorry to end on a teasing note! Hope you like it, and feel free to let me know even if you don't. :D
Chapter 5 A Horde of Acromantula, Living Next to a School Severus Snape was, all things considered, feeling decidedly grumpy. Well, at least, grumpier than usual. There was nothing Severus hated more than a dysfunctional power dynamic. A dysfunctional power dynamic that was stacked against him, he thought, correcting himself as he flashed back to the events of the recent years. He had, to put it lightly, royally buggered himself, and was now looking down the barrel at a couple of decades of indentured servitude to Dumbledore as a result. Not that it would do to be thinking such thoughts. Dumbledore might not be as vicious as his old master was, but he was just as skilled a Legilimens. Best not to risk it. He broke out of his reverie to find that he was already at the Headmaster's office. "Demiguise." The gargoyle sprang aside, and Snape briefly wondered whether it too was jeering at him, or whether that was merely his imagination. So much had gone wrong so fast, and try as he might, he couldn't help dwell on all of it. "Ah, Severus. Please tell me you have good news." Severus realized that the Headmaster had that look about him again - the kind Severus had gotten used to seeing during the war. For all his poise and composure, there were times when the man had looked like he was going to keel over and die on the spot. It would seem that this was one of those times. "I'm afraid not, Headmaster." Dumbledore's face fell, and Severus would even have felt sorry for him if the man hadn't been so vaguely insufferable. "Very well. Tell me what you know." "The first anyone remembers seeing her is at the Leaky Cauldron, the same day you received the first letter from her. There are no records in England of anyone by that name, no records of any foreigners coming in either. It is almost certainly an assumed name." "Curious," muttered Dumbledore, deep in thought. "Tell me, Severus, do you think she can be trusted?" Severus shrugged. "Honestly, I couldn't say, Headmaster. I have yet to even speak to her." "Hmm. Premature judgment would be... unbecoming, after all," mused Dumbledore. "Well, thank you, Severus. My apologies for wasting your time." "Not at all, Headmaster." He bowed slightly and left the room, only stopping to kick himself once he was in the corridor outside. Bowing was another habit leftover from his erstwhile master's service. Severus found that there were far too many of those that he was finding hard to get rid of. Back in his office, Dumbledore scowled. He had hoped that between his own vast network, and that of Severus', they would have been able to find some information on the mysterious Miss Arwen. But the closest thing Dumbledore had found to a match was a character in a Muggle fantasy series that had the same name. If anything, this seemed to support Severus' theory that the name was an assumed one. What are you hiding, Miss Arwen? Miss Arwen was hiding, among other things, a most despicable ignorance of even the most basic precepts of magic. At least, that was her takeaway as she stepped away from her cauldron, swearing. Three hours she'd spent slaving over it, measuring out ingredients and following instructions step by minute step, only to have it billow purple smoke and threaten to blow up in her face. When she'd finally gotten the mess contained, she tossed her wand onto her desk and collapsed on the bed, exhausted. It had been stupid to think she could attempt a potion by herself. No matter how easy the textbook had promised it would be. She was contemplating a long, luxuriant shower when the angry house-elf showed up again. "Miss is wanted in the Headmaster's office." Lisa groaned softly. "Now? Can it wait a couple of hours?" Manita glowered, making it clear what she thought of Lisa's suggestion. Sighing, she dragged herself off the bed. "Alright, thank you. I'll be right there." I have got to figure out how to do that, she told herself, as the elf disappeared with a crack. When she got to the Headmaster's office half an hour later, Lisa was bemused to find the place filled with people. Minerva McGonagall and Severus Snape stood behind the Headmaster's desk, while others were scattered across the room. "Ah, Miss Arwen," said Dumbledore, customary twinkle installed firmly in his eye. "Allow me to introduce you." She looked around the room and had a feeling she was going to recognize some of the names here. "This is Alastor Moody, head of the Auror Department at the Ministry of Magic." The man she had correctly pegged to be Moody gave her outstretched hand a brusque shake and nodded, both eyes firmly fixed on her. Lisa met his gaze firmly. There was no point acting like she had something to hide around Moody. Judging by his stare, he already knew she was hiding something, and was well into the process of trying to figure out what it was. "Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic." "A pleasure, Minister." The portly man in the bowler was practically a caricature of a born politician. "Miss Arwen." Fudge gave her a troubled smile, and Lisa had the feeling that he wasn't looking forward to whatever he suspected she and Dumbledore were in the midst of cooking up. "This is Kingsley Shacklebolt, another renowned member of the Auror Department. He and Alastor will be spearheading our... efforts at the castle." Kingsley gave her a gracious bow, which Lisa returned. "Yes, well, about that, Albus," said Fudge, clearly unable to contain himself any longer. "I think we'd all appreciate some clarity on what exactly we're doing here." "Absolutely, Cornelius," returned Dumbledore swiftly. "Please, have a seat." Lisa would have bet her wand that Cornelius was among the ignorant minority here, going by the fact that both Kingsley as well as Moody were members of the Order. She didn't recognize the other people in the room, but Dumbledore was likely to want at least as many Order members as Aurors on the mission. "We've all heard the rumours over the years," began Dumbledore. "Rumours of a chamber hidden in the Hogwarts castle by one of its founders, Salazar Slytherin himself." There was a muttered imprecation from Fudge, and she could hear whispers rising amongst others in the room as well. It was, it would seem, obvious where Dumbledore was going with this. "I understand," continued Dumbledore, raising his voice slightly to quell the impending rebellion, "that it is difficult to take information about the Chamber of Secrets seriously, after all these years. However, we may now have pertinent information about the Chamber that will help us to not only locate it, but also open it." "With all due respect, Albus, there's no proof such a place even exists," said Kingsley, his tone soft despite his disagreement. "It's poppycock!" said Fudge flatly. "I'm sorry, Headmaster, but I will not sanction-" "Please, Cornelius. Hear Miss Arwen out." Fudge looked like he was restraining himself from rolling his eyes as he turned to Lisa. There was an expectant pause from the group, in which Lisa discovered that she had forgotten how to speak. "Um..." She cleared her throat and gulped. Strong. Commanding. Brook no nonsense. All very useful tips, in theory. "A great many searches have been conducted in the past for Slytherin's chamber," she began, finally forcing the words out. "And none of them have found so much as a hidden nook," snapped Fudge. "I suspect that there are a great many aspects of Hogwarts that have eluded a great many people," Lisa snapped back, recovering some of her verve. It would appear that Fudge was irritating enough to quell a rising panic attack. "The fact remains that students of Hogwarts were terrorized just a few decades ago by the so-called Heir of Slytherin. If memory serves, one girl died, did she not?" "The perpetrator of that attack was caught, Miss Arwen," cut in Kingsley. Lisa noticed him dart a nervous glance at Dumbledore before continuing. "There is no danger of something like that repeating, I'm sure." "Mr. Shacklebolt, you are either unaware of the details of that attack, and the subsequent events, or you are lying," she returned coldly. "The students who were attacked some forty-odd years ago were petrified - frozen as though turned to stone. I presume Mandrakes were involved in their restoration?" This last was posed as a question to Dumbledore, who nodded. "The student who was wrongly accused - I said wrongly accused, Mr. Fudge," she continued, raising her voice slightly to forestall Fudge, who was clearly about to interrupt again, "was one Mr. Rubeus Hagrid. I believe he continues to live at Hogwarts, and works as the groundskeeper." Dumbledore nodded again, his expression tight, and Lisa saw Fudge's eyes widen. Clearly, he had not been privy to that last part. "Mr. Hagrid happens to be rather gifted around magical creatures the rest of us consider highly dangerous and unmanageable. He had been harbouring, inside a broom cupboard in the castle, a baby Acromantula." This pronouncement got a few reactions. Kingsley Shacklebolt started in surprise, the woman standing behind him turned to murmur something to the man next to her, Alastor Moody's magical eye was now watching Fudge intently, but Fudge himself betrayed no change in expression. "So?" he asked, his face turning redder. "So, Minister, Acromantulas aren't capable of petrifying anyone. They tend to eat people, it's true, but petrification? That's not in their skill set." "Well, if that were true, I'm sure the point would have been raised at the time, Miss Arwen," said Fudge, in a condescending tone that Lisa was sure would have made Slytherin himself proud. "No doubt, Minister, but the student who, er, caught Mr. Hagrid had an impeachable reputation. It was his word against Hagrid's, since nobody else saw the Acromantula, and no one would have doubted him. Not at that time, not in Hogwarts." "And you have proof that refutes his word, do you?" "Well, that really depends on what you would call proof, Minister. The Acromantula in question lives right here, in the Forbidden Forest. Goes by the name of Aragog. He's doing quite well for himself, in fact. Got himself a wife, kids, the whole shebang." Fudge spluttered. "Do you mean to say that there's a horde of Acromantula in the Forest, right next to a goddamn school?" He turned to Dumbledore, whose eyes were no longer twinkling. "You also have the testimony of Hagrid," Lisa continued, before Dumbledore had a chance to respond. "And last, but not least, you now have the luxury of knowing that the unimpeachable student who had Hagrid expelled was the last person to be trusted in the matter." Alastor Moody's magical eye had swivelled back around to Lisa. "And why's that?" asked Fudge, as though in spite of himself. "Because that student was Tom Marvolo Riddle, who grew up to style himself Lord Voldemort."
Chapter 6 Impertinence The room exploded in angry noise, and Lisa didn't bother trying to make herself heard above it. Dumbledore finally had to resort to purple firecrackers from the tip of his wand to restore order. Cornelius Fudge was beside himself in anger. He whirled around and strode all the way up to Dumbledore's desk, his outstretched finger practically jabbing the Headmaster in the face. "Explain. Yourself," he snarled, breathless. "Cornelius, I'm not sure..." "Yes, you are, for God's sake! You're Dumbledore. You must have... You had to have..." "Minister," cut in Alastor Moody, speaking for the first time since Lisa had entered the room. Fudge fell silent, looking at the head of his Auror Department. "Tell me, Alastor, were you aware of this?" "Of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's real name? No, I was not." The piercing glare Moody gave Dumbledore suggested that he was not very happy with his old friend just at the moment. "But it seems to have come as no shock to you, Albus." Dumbledore inclined his head, gravely. "Tom Riddle was my student many years ago, and I-" "Never told the rest of us," Moody finished, his face like stone. Dumbledore gestured vaguely. "It wasn't pertinent-" "Not pertinent?" Moody's voice took on a silky, dangerous edge. "Albus, I was tasked with hunting him down. I spent close to a decade tracking down known associates, aliases, mysterious disappearances in far-off countries, all the time watching my friends and colleagues get killed and maimed, one after the next. All this time, and I now find out you knew the man's real name all along?!" There was a pause. Dumbledore looked uncharacteristically fit to kill. Lisa imagined that having his authority or his judgment questioned so effectively wasn't a problem the man had to deal with very frequently. Behind him, McGonagall's face was frozen into a mask of affront. Snape looked as though he were barely restraining himself from sneering. His eyes met hers across the room, and Lisa suddenly got the sense she wasn't the only one enjoying this just a little bit. "My apologies, Alastor," said Dumbledore finally. "You more than anyone know that I am not exempt from making mistakes. From here on out, any information I have is yours, regardless of how I deem its relevance." A likely story, thought Lisa, but a slight relaxation in his stance indicated that Alastor seemed to buy it. She had the distinct feeling that Dumbledore was going to have words with her later. Lots of words. Dumbledore gestured towards her, eager to keep things moving. "Miss Arwen, please, do go on." "Thank you, Headmaster," she said as all eyes turned once again to her. "Since the monster is unlikely to be an Acromantula, that brings us to the question of what can actually cause that kind of damage. I've done quite a lot of research into the matter, and it is my belief that we are dealing with a basilisk." "A basilisk," repeated the woman behind Kingsley. "A forty-year-old basilisk?" "Actually, Miss..." Lisa trailed off, looking at her questioningly. "Vance. Emmeline Vance." "Right, Miss Vance. If it's true that this basilisk was left behind by Salazar Slytherin, it would be around a thousand years old." Emmeline Vance swore, and looked around at the man she'd been speaking to earlier. "Well?" she asked. "Any thoughts, Scamander? This is your area of expertise." Scamander. Lisa tried to figure out why the name rang a bell as the elderly man next to her shuffled forward reluctantly. "A basilisk may well be capable of surviving for a thousand years in the manner you have described, Miss Arwen. It, uh..." He cleared his throat and looked around at the room once before thinking better of it and fixing his gaze firmly on the ground. "It could, in theory, feed off the magical energies around the castle. But it's unusual for people to survive basilisk attacks easily, Miss Arwen. They are highly venomous, and looking into the eyes of a basilisk is deadly as well. Petrification..." "Is possible, is it not?" "Petrification occurs when a victim meets the stare of a basilisk indirectly. As though, uh, as though through a reflective surface, for example." "Great," sneered Fudge. "So now we don't just have a thousand year old basilisk roaming the castle, we have a conscientious thousand year old basilisk roaming the castle. Just out for a scare, is it? Halloween prank gone wrong?" "You're nearly right, Minister," she replied. "It wasn't the basilisk being choosy, but rather the person controlling it." "Controlling a basilisk," interrupted Scamander, his gaze darting quickly from Fudge back to the ground, "is not possible, Miss Arwen. They are powerful creatures, intelligent, even, and consumed by limitless hunger..." "You're right, of course, Mr. Scamander. But at the end of the day, the basilisk is a snake, and Slytherin was reported to have a... particular propensity for snakes." "You don't mean..." Kingsley looked shocked, like he was re-evaluating a lot of things. "You're saying Slytherin could control the snake because he was a Parseltongue," said Alastor grimly. "And that whoever attacked the students forty years ago was one too." "Riddle," said Emmeline Vance, finishing their collective train of thought. "You-Know-Who was at school when it happened. And he seems to be rather obsessed with snakes for some reason." "Yes, he styled himself the Heir of Slytherin. He talked the snake into creating a reign of terror around the school." "So why did he stop?" asked Moody. "He had everything - the snake, a huge supply of Muggleborn students to murder, and ample opportunity to roam around the castle," here he threw a dirty look at Dumbledore, "free of any suspicion. And yet only one girl died. Why stop at one?" "Because after Myrtle Warren's death, the Ministry threatened to close down the school altogether - something I suspect Riddle did not foresee. He would not have imagined that the life of a Muggleborn would be valued highly enough to have that effect. And Riddle... Riddle loved Hogwarts like he has loved little else in life. It was his home, and without it, he had nowhere to go." Moody laughed at that, a loud, twisted bark. "Well, that's reassuring. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has feelings too. Who would have thought?" Lisa gave him a small smile and shrugged. "But there you have it. He promptly framed Hagrid and stopped attacking students, re-sealing the snake back where it came from." "And you say you know where the Chamber is, and how we can get in?" pressed Alastor. "Yes. The Headmaster will be able to tell us the where, but the how is a little more difficult." All heads swung towards Dumbledore at this pronouncement, who looked more than a little confused, and at least a little angry. "You see," she continued, "the Chamber can only be accessed by a Parseltongue. So if anyone happens to know of a Parseltongue who can help us with this, now would be the time to say something." Glances were exchanged, but no one volunteered anything. "Parseltongues are rare," said Snape, finally. "Even in Slytherin house, no one has known a Parseltongue since the Dark Lord himself." "Practically unheard of," agreed Vance, nodding. "I see. Well, that's disappointing, but I'm sure we can come up with something. Even if we don't have an actual live Parseltongue, I've heard that it's a language like any other. That is to say, it can be learned." Heads turned in Scamander's direction, who shrugged at the opposing wall. "It may be possible. Hard to tell, without further study, but I'll definitely look into it." "Alright," said Dumbledore, cheerily clapping his hands together. "Well, I think that takes care of just about everything. Minister, I take it we have your blessing?" "Well, I-" began Fudge, taken aback. "Excellent," beamed Dumbledore, taking the man by the shoulders and striding out. "If you would all join us for dinner..." And then he was gone. The rest streamed out in ones and twos, talking amongst each other. All except Alastor Moody. Lisa stared at the back of his head as he headed towards the exit and nodded, feeling very confident that his magical eye was looking back at her. She saw his head dip once as he left without another word. AN: I hope you're enjoying reading this as much as I am with the writing :D Please forgive any typos (and feel free to point them out.) Chapters will be uploaded rather erratically for the time being - I'm dealing with a whole bunch of exams as well at the moment - but I'm hoping to update at least once a week for now. Disclaimer: This is JK Rowling's world, and I'm only borrowing the characters for a while.
Chapter Seven Countermeasures 'Tis a desolate time To be stuck on a rock Shackled to a sinking ship But my eyes, my eyes are drawn To invisible shores of hope My eyes, my eyes they seek The inevitable triumph of my Master's deeds The song rang out across the mostly silent superstructure, refusing to be quelled by the biting wind or the rattling breaths of the dementors. In his cell, Sirius Black swore. If only the damn woman would have the good sense to shut the hell up. She was going to have all of them on them like flies. And sure enough, he could hear the rattling grow nearer. Despair swept across the cells like a blanket, and Sirius felt fear explode painfully inside his chest. "Bella!" he roared, knowing it was too late already. "Bella, shut the fuck up!" Unfortunately, this only had the effect of making her louder. A desolate TIIIME To be buried here Amidst dead SOULS and blood TRAITORS BUT I'LL ENDUURE UNTIL THE DAY MY MASTER COMESSSSS TO take me home- Her last lines were choked as she began to whimper - five dementors hovered outside the door to her cell, sucking out every last hint of emotion they could find. Sirius huddled into the farthest corner of his own cell and tried to block it all out - the dementors, the singing, the screams that would erupt any moment now... Foolish Bellatrix, he couldn't help thinking. Hope is something they can take from you. He had no such thing. And so Sirius waited out the screaming, shivering in his corner. Faces from the past flashed in his mind, the memories made starker, more intense in detail by the dementors' presence. Dinner was a hushed affair, with the visitors still talking among themselves. Whether by design or by chance, Lisa found herself seated between Alastor Moody and Emmeline Vance. The former sniffed his beef suspiciously before stabbing it with a fork, while the latter gave her a gracious smile. "It's Arwen, isn't it?" "Yeah, Lisa," she responded, pulling a plate of food towards her. "You must be new to these parts." "Uh, yeah, kinda." "You must be impressive indeed, for Dumbledore to trust you so quickly." No, I just knew the right things to say. Lisa gave her an uncomfortable smile and said nothing. "So, are you a researcher of sorts? Foreign academia is making great strides these days, or so I've heard." So this was a fishing expedition. Lisa shrugged, not keen on giving up too much information to an Order member. "Of sorts. I guess you could say I've made it a point to research all things Voldemort," replied Lisa, having no idea whether it was true in the least. Lying through her teeth was getting easier by the day. "Still, a lot of this information," pressed Emmeline. "It can't have been easy to come by." "I guess not." "Oh, for crying out loud, Vance. Give it a break," grumbled Moody. "The girl clearly knows what you're up to, and she's not cracking easy." "Alastor! I wasn't-" Emmeline trailed off, looking highly affronted. "Miss Arwen, I hope I haven't caused any offence. I was merely curious." "No, that's alright," Lisa replied, smiling. What she wouldn't give to have Moody on her side. Vance immersed herself in conversation with Professor McGonagall, who was on her other side, after that, leaving Lisa to contemplate her food in peace. "One can hardly blame her for being curious," remarked Moody after a while, apropos of nothing. "I'm sure Dumbledore knows what he's doing, but I'm not one to trust a random stranger on her say-so. Most of what you've told us-" "Seems like conjecture. I know." Lisa knew her tone was betraying her impatience. "I've already jumped through these hoops with Dumbledore once. I gave him the proof he wanted. He's satisfied." Moody grunted. "And I suppose neither of you will be sharing with the rest of the class." She shrugged. "That's more his style than mine, to be honest. Regulating the flow of information is all very well, but strangling it is another matter altogether." Moody sniffed and examined his food even more closely. "Perhaps I can... That is to say, perhaps you would like to... Uh, perhaps we could discuss this further over a drink later in the evening, Miss Arwen." Lisa fought the urge to snort. "You don't issue many invitations, do you?" The look he gave her would have frozen lava. This did nothing to help with her urge to snicker. "Let's say around 10 pm, the Leaky Cauldron." He gave his plate a barely imperceptible nod, and the rest of the meal was finished in silence. Lisa was feeling much happier with herself by the time she got to the Leaky Cauldron, having finally gotten the time for that luxuriant shower she'd promised herself. She found Alastor in a corner booth, the table in front of him completely empty save for his hip flask, which he was staring morosely at. He didn't look up immediately as she slid into the booth and called for a Firewhiskey, opting for another swig from his flask instead. "Mr. Moody." "You can call me Alastor," he shrugged. "Mad-Eye if you aren't too keen on politeness." "Alastor, then. Well, shoot." He did look up at that, his one good eye giving her a quizzical stare. "I presume you called me here because you have questions." "And I gather that you're being rather evasive about the answers." "Some things I can't explain. I simply don't remember." Lisa had no intention of being anything but completely straightforward with Moody. "And the things you do remember are perfect for kicking up several large hornets' nests." "I think this is something that needs to be done." Moody snorted. "Flushing a Basilisk out of a school? Yeah, I'd say so. All the same, no offence to you, kid, but it's frankly a waste of my time. This is something the tossers over at the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures should be able to do. Why Dumbledore insisted on dragging half the-" he broke off and stared at Lisa suspiciously. "I know about the Order of the Phoenix," she replied patiently. "Unsurprising, for some reason. And were you given this information, or is one of the many things you inconveniently just happen to know?" "The latter, I'm afraid. And there's a reason this has to stay within trusted circles only. The Ministry is not... free from infiltration, as I'm sure you know only too well." "You're thinking one of the Death Eater scum walking around will try to use a Basilisk?" "I'm sure they would. But this is about more than the Basilisk, Alastor. I had hoped that Dumbledore would have filled you in, but..." He snorted again. "Dumbledore is a great man, but..." "He has his failings," she finished for him. "He keeps things too close to his vest." Moody scowled and looked away, forbearing to comment further. "I may know how to get rid of-" she paused and looked around hastily, in case there were any eavesdroppers, before turning back to Moody and mouthing, "Voldemort. For good." Both of Moody's eyes fixed on her in what had to be the most unsettling stare known to wizardkind. "And the-" her voice dropped to a whisper here, "Basilisk is something we need out of the way, first." "You don't strike me as the trusting type either, Miss Arwen," said Moody, and there was a very sharp edge to his voice. "So how is it that you're so free with information all of a sudden." "Because I don't know anyone else as committed as you are to getting rid of-" she mouthed the word again, "Voldemort and his flunkies." Moody grunted. "You don't need to keep doing that, by the way. I cast a silencing charm around our booth before you got here. No one can hear us, not even if they're standing right behind you with a hand cupped to each ear." Lisa relaxed a little. "Well, that's a relief anyway. And there's something else. Something I specifically need your help with." "What's that then?" "Dumbledore has an unfortunate tendency to overlook the possibility of collateral damage. I, on the other hand, would like to do everything in my power to keep anyone who doesn't absolutely need to be involved completely out of this." Mad-Eye shrugged. "Shouldn't be too difficult. We aren't at war anymore." Lisa sighed. "No, we're not. But..." She trailed off, wondering how to phrase it. "The thing is, getting into the Chamber needs a Parselmouth." "And we don't know any at the moment." "Yeah, that's... that's not entirely true," she said, hating the words even as they left her lips. Moody narrowed his eyes. "Well, if you know a Parselmouth, that's fantastic. Out with it, then!" "Yeah, that's just it. The only Parselmouth I know is a child." He blinked at her, momentarily at a loss. "I see," he said finally, settling back in his chair and taking another swig from his flask. He pondered this for a few minutes before speaking. "You said it's like a language? It can be learned?" "Right. We might mangle the diction a little, but we could, technically speaking, be able to learn enough of it to open the doors to the Chamber." "And the snake? Could we control it?" "I don't know. Even assuming we can learn enough Parseltongue to hold a conversation with the creature, it has no reason to listen to us. It would have obeyed Riddle because he was giving it what it wanted - fresh prey, freedom to roam through the castle, all that." "Hmm." He looked thoughtful. "And what does this have to do with the, er, the Dark Panjandrum?" "That's where it gets complicated," she replied, earning herself another derisive snort. The words As if it isn't complicated enough already hung in the air between them. "I believe," she continued, ignoring this, "and Dumbledore agrees with me, that the reason why he isn't dead yet is because he's created a boatload of-" she stumbled over the word, involuntarily looking over her shoulder again, "horcruxes." Moody physically recoiled at that, disbelief clouding his features. "Plural?" "Yes. Dumbledore and I found the first one." "You FOUND-" Moody nearly leapt out of his seat in suppressed fury and surprise. "Shhh!" He sat down, swearing profusely under his breath and glaring at her. "Miss Arwen, I swear-" "Alastor, please. Contain yourself. We need you to be on board with us. I need you to be on board with this." He was silent then, but the intensity of the glare only seemed to increase. Lisa mused that it wouldn't surprise her if her hair were to spontaneously combust. "Basilisk venom is one of the few things that can reliably destroy a Horcrux," she continued, once she was sure he wasn't about to launch into another outburst. "And considering we have a Basilisk just sitting in the bowels of the Castle, it also seems to be the most convenient. But nothing about this is easy." "And the Horcrux? It's safe?" "Dumbledore has it sufficiently warded for now." Moody grunted again. His friendship with the Headmaster seemed to be undergoing considerable strain at the moment. "And what makes you think it isn't the only one?" Ah. "Well, that's..." Lisa blushed crimson. She dreaded having to explain this over and over again. "Part of your inexplicable trove of knowledge?" "Pretty much," she replied, cringing. "Right, well." He took another swig and looked at the flask with distaste. "Empty. That's my cue to leave. Just one final thing left for us to settle before I do." "The bill?" "A name. Tell me the name of the Parselmouth kid, so we can get the ball rolling on all of this." "Ah, right." She gulped. "Harry Potter." Judging by his expression, it must have taken all of Moody's will power not to throw his flask at her head. AN: Life has been very nasty lately, so this update took longer than I expected. I'm so glad to see that people are enjoying reading this though. I'll try to update again within a week, as long as there are no more curveballs!
Chapter Eight Number Four, Privet Drive Mr and Mrs Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. Of course, the four people currently standing on their doorstep were proving to be a rather annoying monkey wrench in their perfectly normal works at the moment. "Thank you," Dumbledore was saying brightly as he stepped into the house he had by no means been invited into. "We haven't officially met. You must be Petunia." Petunia Dursley's lips were a thin line, and whiter than the rest of her face. She took another step backwards and collided with her husband, who was purple with rage, and immediately tried to insert himself between her and the advancing Dumbledore. "Albus Dumbledore," the Headmaster continued, smiling affably and giving himself the overall image of a very polite psychopath. "We have... corresponded." "You have no right!" blustered Vernon Dursley, making a very poor attempt at standing his ground. "This is ridiculous, and you have no right! You are trespassing! I demand that you-" "Alright, alright," snapped Alastor, the last one in. He shut the front door behind him. "Relax, will you? We're just here to talk." "Perhaps in here?" Dumbledore gestured towards the living room, still smiling. Lisa got a glimpse of his face and was struck with the urge to slap the smile off it. The Dursleys pressed themselves against the wall as Dumbledore, Moody, Snape and Lisa all filed past them into the living room and proceeded to make themselves comfortable. We're so rude, she couldn't help musing. Good as it felt to see the abusive couple do the quivering in fear for a change, it didn't help to realize that she and her companions were simply playing the bigger bully in the scenario. "We've come to see young Harry," said Dumbledore, once they were all seated. Lisa watched the Dursleys exchange nervous glances. "He's-" began Petunia, only to be cut off by her husband. "At school. Very important, formative years and all that, you know." Dumbledore nodded graciously. "Then we will wait." "He's not in that locked cupboard next to you by any chance, is he?" asked Lisa, her tone cutting across them like ice. She wouldn't have imagined that it was possible for Petunia to get whiter, or for Vernon to get more purple in the face. "N-no..." "In the what?" Moody growled, looking at the cupboard she'd mentioned. "Merlin's pants! There's a kid in there!" "What? No, no, of course not. Harry's at school." Moody's magical eye had clearly seen into the cupboard, for he got up and strode past them, wand already out. The swish and flick were almost imperceptible, but there was an audible click as the lock gave away and the door to the cupboard under the stairs swung open. "Er, hallo there, young man. Er..." he looked around at the rest of them for help. "I think I'm scaring him even more. Can somebody step in here who doesn't have a crazy eyeball?" Lisa figured this was her cue, especially going by the way Snape was staring straight ahead, his face a rictus. As she passed Dumbledore, she got the sense that he was somehow radiating anger, and all of it aimed at the Dursleys cowering in the doorway. Moody moved back to let her pass as she bent down to look into the tiny space under the staircase. A dark haired boy sat on a small cot inside, knees drawn up to his chin, eyes wide. "Hello there. You must be Harry?" The boy nodded. "I'm Lisa. I... We're friends of your parents, and we've come to say hello. Would you like to come outside?" His glance darted in the direction of Petunia's sniffles. "That's alright," she continued, as sweetly as she could muster. "You can come out. Your aunt and uncle don't mind." He entered the living room, wide-eyed and taking in every aspect of their appearance from head to toe. "Hello, Harry," said Dumbledore, his tone somehow warmer than Lisa had ever heard it before. It occurred to her that for all his failings, Dumbledore held genuine affection for the boy. Perhaps there was hope for the old man yet. "Hi," said Harry. He was a scrawny kid, the oversized clothes he was wearing practically swallowing him whole. He adjusted his glasses self-consciously, and Lisa noted the tape that was holding them together. "So, you're," he darted another nervous look at his aunt and uncle, "friends of my parents?" "And fine folk they were," said Moody from behind him, causing the boy to turn around and return the old man's scarred smile. He isn't really afraid of any of us, Lisa realized. Not even Moody. "Well, Harry," began Dumbledore. "I'm Albus Dumbledore, and I'm the Headmaster at the school your parents attended when they were younger." "Where- Where did they go to school?" The question came tentatively, as if he wasn't quite sure how welcome questions were. "The school is called Hogwarts, and we have your name down for it as well. We expect to see you there in a few years' time." Behind Lisa, she heard Vernon Dursley fidget. It sounded as though he'd been about to say something, and been elbowed into silence by his wife. "Me? I..." Another glance at his aunt and uncle. "Uh..." "You needn't worry about anything. All the arrangements for your schooling have already been taken care of," responded Dumbledore smoothly. "And this," he went on, gesturing to Snape, "is Professor Snape. He will be one of your teachers at Hogwarts." "Oh, right." Harry gave Snape a tentative smile, one which the older man showed no sign of seeing, let alone acknowledging. Snape was still staring at the opposite wall, looking very much like he'd just had a run-in with a conscientious basilisk. Lisa realized that he hadn't deigned to so much as look at the boy yet. "This here is Alastor Moody. He works with the Ministry of- Er, the Ministry." "And this," continued Dumbledore slightly louder, just as Harry showed every sign of being about to ask 'Ministry of what?' "is Miss Lisa Arwen." Lisa gave him the warmest smile she could muster, aware that it wasn't quite reaching her eyes. Seeing Harry was bringing back the maelstrom of emotions she'd been dealing with earlier. Rage at the way he had been treated was warring with fury at deeper, less determinate injustices. Lisa wasn't very sure what Dumbledore was going to say next, but Vernon Dursley saved him the trouble. "Now, look here, you... crackpots," said the man, wrenching himself free of his wife's grip. "I don't care who you think you are. Nothing gives you the right to barge into my house and we certainly didn't give you leave to make yourself comfortable. Nor is it right that you fill the boy's head with nonsense - he won't be going to your ruddy school, and I'm certainly not paying for it." Dumbledore looked around as if weighing the pros and cons of losing his temper in front of everybody. "Miss Arwen, could you please be so kind as to take young Harry outside? Perhaps you could begin by telling him a little about why we're here today. And Severus, if you would join them, please?" Snape rose at that, looking like he'd been struck in the face with something extremely unpleasant, and swept out. Lisa extended a hand to Harry, which he considered gravely before preceding her out the door. Too grown up to be holding anyone's hand? Or just too independent? Lisa couldn't help but wonder. The Dursleys' lawn was well kept, if rather unimaginative. She sat down in a corner of the lawn and gestured to Harry that he was to do the same. Snape stood several metres away, stiff as a rod, and still refusing to look at either of them. "I know this must all be very confusing for you," she said, by way of starting a conversation. Harry regarded her with deep green eyes. "If you're friends of my parents, how come I've never met any of you before?" "Well, uh," she cleared her throat, suddenly aware that Snape was listening intently, inspite of himself. "Well, when your parents passed away, your aunt and uncle were your closest living relatives. So you were brought here by Professor Dumbledore. I think he stayed away after that because he felt it might be easier for you to adjust." It was a terrible explanation and they all knew it. Harry said nothing, studying the lawn with great intensity. "What were they like?" he asked after a few moments. "Well, I..." Lisa felt acutely embarrassed. "To be honest, I never had the pleasure of meeting them. The others have though. Er, Professor Snape here knew your mother well." If looks that weren't directly aimed at you could kill, Lisa would have died instantaneously. Snape was examining the house across the street with such ferocity that she half expected the entire structure to vapourize on the spot. Harry, however, had immediately swung around to stare at Snape. "Is that true?" he asked. "Did you know her?" Snape grunted assent, clearly not trusting himself to speak further. "What was she like?" A barely perceptible shrug. "She was... nice." After waiting a few moments and realizing that no further information was forthcoming, Harry turned his attention back to her. "My aunt and uncle didn't seem too happy to see all of you." "I imagine they're not," she replied wryly. "But that can't be helped. You have people that care about you, Harry. People other than your aunt and uncle. And they're just going to have to make space for all of us too." "Oh." He looked down again, and then brightened immediately. "That would be nice." Dumbledore chose that moment to come striding out of the house. "Well," he said, clapping his hands together. "Harry, I've sorted some things out with your aunt and uncle. You're to have a new bedroom!" "I am? But there isn't any more space..." "'Course there is! I'm told the third bedroom in the house will do nicely." Lisa and Harry got to their feet and began walking back to the house in Dumbledore's wake. "But that's the room for all of Dudley's stuff," she heard him mumble under his breath. "Well, I'm sure they'll be able to find another place for it," she told him jovially. Her voice sounded loud and false to her ears. The longer she spent around the Dursleys, the faster she seemed to spiral into a depression. When they re-entered the house, Petunia and Vernon looked as if they'd personally passed through the seven hells and only just reemerged. Dumbledore turned to Harry. "As I was just telling your aunt and uncle, a few concerns have been raised about the future of your education. We thought it might be best if Lisa and Severus were to give you some classes, perhaps once or twice a week, so you'll be well prepared for when you join Hogwarts. In the meantime, I think you can move your things to your new room." Harry nodded mutely. The sudden windfall of an entire room to himself seemed to be too much for him to process all at once. Once Harry had left the room, Dumbledore turned his attention back to the Dursleys, who very much looked like they'd rather be anywhere but here. "I hope you will remember what we have discussed here, Mr. and Mrs. Dursley. My colleagues will be back to check on Harry regularly, and I hope everything will go smoothly from this point forward." He tipped his hat and beamed again. "Good day." AN: The first paragraph of this chapter have been taken verbatim from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. All rights to these lines as well as the characters and this universe belong to J.K. Rowling and the publishers, and I'm merely dabbling in this world for fun.
