Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. October 31st, 1981 At the Potter's ruined home in Godric's Hollow, Severus Snape rushed into the house, the door blasted off its hinges and passed James Potter's body with only a quick glance before heading upstairs. He made his way into the nursery and stumbled when he saw Lily's body on the floor. "No," He whispered, dropping down next to her and pulling her into his arms. "No! Oh Lily," Tears streamed down his cheeks as he held her lifeless body in his arms. She had been his best friend once, though he had ruined that with his careless words during their fifth year. He had loved her, though he knew she had only loved him as a friend. It was only recently they had begun speaking again and she had forgiven him. He still couldn't stand her husband, but he could put up with Potter if it meant having his friend back. And now she was gone. Across the room, Voldemort lay dead on the floor, his red eyes still open and full of shock. Thin and snakelike, he looked rather pathetic now instead of the terrifying wizard he had been. Severus's dark eyes stayed on the body of Voldemort. It was over, the creature was gone. That maniac had taken so many lives, destroyed so many people. Severus had been a fool to join him and was thankful that Dumbledore had helped him when he had realized his mistake. Severus had been fine with turning spy for the Order, anything to get rid of Voldemort. And when the monster had targeted the Potter's, Severus had made sure to let Dumbledore know immediately so that they could be kept safe. So that Lily would be kept safe. "Oh Lily, I really did love you," Severus murmured as he slowly rocked her back and forth. "You were the only true friend I ever had, the only one who cared about me. I wanted to protect you," He choked on a sob. He had failed her. A cry interrupted his thoughts and grief; Severus looked up to see the young Potter watching him, his emerald eyes shiny with tears and a cut in the shape of a lightening bolt on his forehead. He had met the baby once, when he and Lily had run into each other in Diagon Alley and he had once again apologized for calling her a Mudblood in school. She had told him all was forgiven as she gently bounced the child on her hip. The boy had been full of smiles that day and Lily had shamelessly doted on him. "He's curious about everything," Lily had smiled and shaken her head fondly as her son eagerly reached for the books Severus had just purchased. "You won't like these, there are no fun pictures in them," Severus had told the toddler solemnly. Lily had just laughed. Severus slowly and carefully laid Lily back on the floor and stood up. He walked over to the crib, noticing that except for the cut the child didn't appear to be hurt. Physically, anyway. Harry blinked up at the tall, black haired man and raised up his pudgy arms. "Up!" He sniffled, his bottom lip trembling. "Um," Severus was about to tell him no when he glanced at Lily's body and, remembering how besotted she had been with her child, he relented. "Yes, all right," He said gruffly, lifting the child into his arms. It felt a little awkward, he wasn't sure how to hold a child. Harry put his arms around the tall man's neck and laid his head down on his shoulder. "Mummy," He whispered sadly. "I know, I'm sorry Potter," Severus said quietly. Even he wasn't so heartless not to feel bad for a boy who had lost both his parents in one night. "Hawrry," Harry said with another sniffle. "Harry," Severus acknowledged. "Owie," Harry sniffed, one pudgy hand going up to his forehead. Severus examined the cut, pulling out a handkerchief and wetting it with an Aguamenti spell before holding it against the wound. "Severus." Severus turned and saw Dumbledore standing in the doorway, his eyes somber watching them. "How is he?" He asked as he knelt down next to Lily's body, taking her hand, his blue eyes full of sadness. "He has a cut on his forehead but otherwise appears fine," Severus said. Dumbledore stood up with a sigh. "So much loss in this war," He said softly. He smiled at Harry, who offered a tiny smile back. "Hello Harry, do you remember me?" He asked as he began waving his wand around, running diagnostics. "Dumdore," Harry said. Severus's lips twitched at that. Dumbledore beamed. "That's right! Such a smart boy." He put his wand away and lifted his arms out to take Harry but the child held on to Severus. "Go on Potter, go to Professor Dumbledore," Severus tried to pry the boy's arms from around his neck but the child just held on tighter. He looked at Dumbledore helplessly. Dumbledore chuckled. "It appears he is happy where he is." "Is the dark lord really gone?" Severus asked, giving up on trying to get Harry to leave his arms. He looked at the creature lying on the floor. Even with seeing the body, it seemed to good to be true. "Yes, Voldemort has been destroyed," Dumbledore said, relief in his eyes. Severus closed his eyes, feeling a sense of alleviation. The monster was truly gone. "Let's see if we can do something about that cut," Dumbledore said, waving his wand over Harry. The vivid red lightening bolt faded to a faint scar. "Why did it not heal completely?" Severus asked curiously. "Because of the way he got it," Dumbledore said. "Surviving a killing curse is not exactly common." Severus frowned. "What do you think happened here, exactly?" Severus asked, his dark eyes straying to Lily's body. He unconsciously held the boy tighter. "The Secret Keeper betrayed James and Lily," Dumbledore said somberly. "Voldemort came here and James most likely tried to fight him. From what I can see, Voldemort must have cast the killing curse at Harry and Lily..." Dumbledore paused. "She likely stood in front of her son, protecting him, sacrificing herself for him and causing the curse to rebound on Voldemort." Severus nodded slowly. Yes, Lily would have done that in a heartbeat. "The force of curse would have been strong, although Lily took the brunt of it. Her love protected Harry," Dumbledore said quietly. "And now Tom Riddle is gone and we can all begin to heal from his reign of terror." "There will still be Death Eaters wanting to cause trouble," Severus said numbly. Lily was gone... "Yes, the Aurors will be on the lookout for them," Dumbledore said. "The death eaters may even go after Harry." He said with some worry. Severus looked down at the dark haired boy he still held. Harry had fallen asleep, his head resting on his shoulder. "Where will he go?" He asked in concern. "Surely Lily would have left him to someone she trusted." Dumbledore cleared his throat. "James and Lily left him to Sirius Black, who is now in Azkaban." More sadness entered his eyes, he had thought Sirius was a true friend to James and Lily. "Good," Severus muttered. He had always known that Black was a dangerous man. "I believe I can cast some charms to strengthen the protection Lily gave Harry to a blood relative," Dumbledore said thoughtfully. "Blood relative? You can't mean Petunia," Severus practically sneered her name. "She is Lily's sister and I believe has a son close to Harry's age," Dumbledore said. "They can be raised like brothers." Severus hesitated. Petunia had been horrible as a child, it was hard to think of her any other way. Lily hadn't mentioned her in their recent talk so perhaps Petunia had changed. He gave Dumbledore the sleeping bundle in his arms. Dumbledore smiled down at the sleeping boy. "Don't worry, my dear boy. Everything will be all right." 4 Years Later "Hello Severus," Dumbledore greeted when Severus entered his office. "Professor Dumbledore," Severus said as he sat down in the visitors chair. It had been awhile since he had visited Hogwarts. "You sent word that you wanted to speak with me?" "Yes, I would like to discuss a couple of things with you," Dumbledore said brightly. "First, I would like to offer you the position of Potions Professor. Professor Slughorn is retiring." Severus raised an eyebrow. "I thought Professor Slughorn would never retire," He drawled. "Word around school was that he would end up like Professor Binns." Dumbledore chuckled. "Well, he has finally decided he is ready and I want you for the job." Severus sat thoughtfully for a moment. He had been selling his own potions in an apothecary and had been doing very well for himself, though interacting with customers was not high on his list of favorite things to do. However, interacting with children was not high on his list either. Plus, he had few good memories of Hogwarts, Lily being one and using the Hogwarts lab as he grew in his potion making skills another. On the other hand, this was the place he had also been bullied and almost killed by a werewolf. "You would have a generous budget for your supplies, as well as for personal projects," Dumbledore continued casually, his blue eyes twinkling. "And use of the Hogwarts potion facilities, equipment and materials." Severus could feel the temptation to accept grow, Hogwarts did have the finest lab and he would still be able to work on his own projects... "And as Head of Slytherin, you would have your own personal quarters, which you could decorate anyway you want," Dumbledore continued on happily. "Head of House quarters are quite spacious, you would have your own personal lab there as well." Severus started. "What? Head of Slytherin?" "Well, yes. Professor Slughorn is retiring, remember?" Severus scowled. "That would be more responsibility of the miscreants." "Students," Dumbledore corrected. Severus shrugged. "If you say so. I haven't forgotten that although Slughorn was an adequate professor, he also didn't intervene much when I was being bullied." A sorrowful look crossed over Dumbledore's face. "I am sorry for that Severus. Truly. But you see? This is why you would be an ideal Head of House, you would look out for the Slytherins." Severus sighed. "I suppose I could give it a try." Dumbledore beamed. "Wonderful! Now, I just need one more favor." "Just one?" Severus asked sarcastically. "Yes, if you could go and take peek at how Harry Potter is being treated, I would very much -" "Excuse me? Why would you need me to do that?" Severus demanded. "There have been some...concerns made known to me," Dumbledore said slowly. "About how the Dursley's are treating Harry. I thought since you know Petunia, you could just go and hopefully alleviate these concerns." "I hated Lily's sister, and the feeling was mutual," Severus said with a smirk, remembering the small pranks he and Lily had played on Petunia. Ahh, memories... "That was a long time ago," Dumbledore said. "What exactly are the concerns?" "I have someone who is able to keep an eye on the Dursley's, from afar mostly. She just has mentioned that he may not be being taken care of the way he should be." "Not spoiled enough?" Dumbledore gave him an exasperated look. "Honestly Severus. I wouldn't ask you if I wasn't concerned." "All right Albus, I will look in on the boy tomorrow." HP "Boy! Dudley's toys better be picked up and put away before dinner or else!" Vernon Dursley yelled out from upstairs. Five year old Harry sighed. He knew what or else meant. He was already sporting a black eye from last night. If only I hadn't dropped the plate, he thought sadly. He hadn't meant to when he had set the table but he had been trying to hurry as Dudley had been complaining that he was starving. His uncle had been furious and had hit him before making him finish setting the table and serve them their food. He had gone without dinner as added punishment and could only hope he would get to eat something today. Harry dutifully picked up Dudley's toys, of which there were many. Harry would have liked to play with them too but he wasn't allowed. Only good, normal children got toys, he reminded himself. Only good, normal children get a bedroom, food, parents... "You better not break anything, freak!" Dudley taunted from where he leaned against the doorway, watching as his cousin cleaned up his mess. "Or else my dad will punch your other eye!" He laughed loudly. Harry did his best to ignore his cousin's cruel taunts as he gathered all the toys in a box and prepared to walk upstairs to put them into Dudley's second bedroom. He had been so focused on the task that he hadn't noticed that Dudley had stepped closer to him as he started to climb the stairs. "Watch your step, freak," Dudley grinned as he stuck his foot out and Harry went tumbling several steps to the bottom of the stairs. The box he had been holding tipped over and all the toys fell out. Dudley laughed and then took a deep breath. "Mummy! Daddy! The freak broke my toys!" He yelled. Harry glared at him as he pushed himself up from the floor. His ankle hurt a lot and he bit his lip to keep from crying out in pain. He glanced at the toys that had fallen and noticed that none of them were broken. Petunia rushed into the room from the kitchen. "Dudders? What's wrong, dumpling?" Dudley had managed to squeeze out a few fat tears and pointed at his toys. "Harry dumped them!" "No I didn't!" Harry protested, his eyes widening in fear as his aunt advanced on him. Petunia slapped him. "How dare you lie to me? You ungrateful, horrid child!" Vernon stomped down the stairs. "What is with all the yelling?" He glanced at the toys, at his wife's angry face and his son's tears. He rounded on Harry, who flinched back from him. "Never learn, do you boy?" He reached out and grabbed the skinny child by the throat. "You always upset everyone! Why couldn't you have gotten yourself killed along with your parents, eh?" Harry's eyes widened as his uncle squeezed his throat before flinging him to the floor. He gasped for air and before his uncle could grab him again, he ran to his cupboard and squeezed himself as far back into it as he could. His uncle was too big to reach in and grab him. "Get back out here!" Vernon thundered as he followed the boy to his cupboard. He tried, as usual, to reach in to grab Harry but his wide girth stopped him and he wobbled back out, his face red from exertion. "Fine, you can stay in there for a week then!" He slammed the door shut and locked it. "What about dinner? I was going to have the boy make it," Petunia complained. "We'll go out for dinner," Vernon said, ruffling Dudley's hair. "And after that we'll stop at a store and get you a new toy. Would you like that Dudder's?" Dudley's face was blatantly gloating as he and his parents went to get their coats. A knock on the door had Vernon grumbling. "Who could that be?" He opened the door and his eyes widened slightly at the tall, dark haired man in black robes standing on his porch. He was dressed so oddly that he must be... "You – you must be one them!" He tried to slam the door shut. Severus raised an eyebrow and pushed the door open, stepping inside despite not being invited. "Not very polite, are we?" He said coolly, his eyes taking in the walrus looking man, skinny Petunia and child who was all blubber. "You – I remember you!" Petunia scowled. "You were Lily's horrid friend." "That's right," Severus said pleasantly. "And apparently you haven't changed a bit Tuney." Petunia bristled. She had always hated being called Tuney. "What are you doing here?" "I am here to check on Potter," Severus said, looking around the house. There were pictures on the walls that showed the three Dursley's and several pictures of the huge blond child but none of any other child. A sinking feeling settled in Severus's stomach. "Where is he?" "He isn't here," Vernon lied. "He's at a friends house." Severus narrowed his eyes. "Do not lie to me Dursley," He warned, pulling out his wand and pointing at him. "Where is your nephew?" Dudley, who was hungry and wanted to go get dinner gave an impatient huff. "The freak's in his cupboard. Now can we go to dinner?" He whined to his parents. "Dudley!" Petunia hissed, pulling her son behind her, not that her bony frame could hide him. "And why is Potter in a cupboard while the three of you are going out to dinner?" Severus asked, glowering at Dudley. Freak, indeed... "Listen," Vernon gave a nervous laugh. "The boy is trouble. He requires a firmer hand and more discipline than our Dudley." "Yes, he is very badly behaved," Petunia added. "We're doing our best, of course but he is such a handful." "Oh?" Severus gave a thoughtful nod. "Yeah, he makes a mess, breaks our Dudley's toys and practically takes the food from our mouths!" Vernon added, relaxing as the wizard in his home appeared to be believing him. "Look, he dumped Dudley's toys on the floor!" "So you put him in a cupboard?" Dudley snickered. "He lives in the cupboard." Severus's face darkened. "Show me where he is right now or so help me -" Sparks flew from his wand, reacting to his anger. Petunia gasped and Dudley gave a yelp, scurrying back behind his mother. Vernon gulped, his beady eyes on the wand. "He's – he's in the cupboard under the stairs." He said in a shaky voice. Severus glared at the Dursley's. "Petrificus Totalus!" He smirked as the two adult Dursley's froze and then fell over. He glanced at the younger one. "I suggest you go to your room," He said menacingly. Dudley let out a squeak and then ran as fast as his chubby legs would get him up the stairs. TBC: Hope you enjoyed! If you get a chance to review, I'd appreciate it!
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. A/N: Thank you so much for the positive feedback! Hope you enjoy this chapter! =) Severus knelt down in front of the cupboard, frowning at the lock that was on it. "Alohomora," He said quietly and then opened the door. He peered into the darkness. "Lumos." His wand lit up and revealed the nervous face of a pale faced child with large, frightened emerald green eyes. And the area around one of those eyes was bruised, there was a faint pink hand print on one cheek and finger marks on the boy's neck. Anger erupted inside Severus and it took all his restraint not to go and curse those muggles until they were screaming in agony. He took a deep breath, not wanting to further frighten the child. "Hello Potter, er, Harry." Harry's eyes widened. How did this man know his name? And what kind of flashlight was that? He had never seen one that looked like a stick before... "Hello," He whispered. "My name is Severus Snape. Can you come out of there? It doesn't look very comfortable," Severus said, keeping his voice quiet and calm. Harry hesitated. "My uncle can't get in here." He said finally. "Ah," Severus nodded in understanding. "Your uncle won't hurt you again, you have my word. Now come out of there, I need to see to your injuries." Harry slowly climbed out and stood up along with the dark haired man. He's really tall, Harry thought. "Why don't you sit on the sofa so that I can heal you," Severus said, struggling to keep the anger he felt out of his voice. He remembered the toddler he had held in his arms that fateful night, how could this have happened to him? This was completely unacceptable! How could Dumbledore have left the boy here? How could he not have known sooner how the boy was being treated? He narrowed his eyes as he watched Harry limp to the sofa. "Potter, does it hurt to walk?" Harry hopped up on the sofa, wondering why his aunt and uncle hadn't come in to yell at him for being out of his cupboard. Maybe they had already left for dinner... "Potter!" With a jump, Harry focused back on the strange man. "Sorry," He whispered. Severus felt guilt at snapping at the boy but how could he help him if the child didn't pay attention? "Tell me what hurts." He ordered. "Um, my ankle," Harry admitted. "My eye, my cheek and my throat. And my tummy." "You have a stomach ache?" Severus took his wand back out and lifted it. Harry's eyes widened. "No, please! I didn't mean to complain. I'm fine, honest!" Severus froze. He slowly lowered his hand. "Relax, Mr. Potter." Harry giggled at the Mr. Potter before covering his mouth. "I'm not going to hurt you, I'm just going to check your injuries." "With a stick?" "Stick?" Severus glanced at his wand. "This is my wand, Mr. Potter." "A wand?" Harry whispered in awe. "Like...like a magic wand?" "Correct." "But magic isn't real!" Harry protested. "I assure you it is, Mr. Potter," Severus said as he began running a diagnostic, waving his wand over Harry. A parchment appeared in the air and began listing injuries. "Blasted muggles," Severus muttered as he read it over. He noticed Harry watching him with wonder in his eyes. The child was definitely the doppelganger of James Potter, messy dark hair, glasses...but James had never looked so thin. The child had Lily's eyes but hers had never look so haunted, so worn for a mere five year old. He needed to get the boy to the infirmary so he could be fully healed and get fed. But first... "Do you have anything you want to bring with you?" Severus asked. "Um, bring where sir?" Snape paused. He wasn't sure where the boy would go but he surely wouldn't be staying here. "To a castle where you can be taken care of. Now, stay sitting here and I will return shortly." "Kay." Severus left Potter and returned to the Dursley's. He smirked, knowing they could see and hear but not move a muscle. He released them from the spell and watched coolly as they awkwardly stood up, holding onto each other. "How dare you? Get out of our house!" Vernon blustered. "Oh no Dursley. How dare you?" He leveled his wand right between his beady eyes. "It was believed that you would take the boy and raise him as your own. That you would care for him and instead you have spent the past four years abusing him!" "We never wanted him!" Petunia said stubbornly. "You took him in, didn't you?" "He was left on our doorstep! I snatched the basket he was in before any of the neighbors started gossiping!" Petunia snapped. "The letter that was there said for us to take him in for his protection and we did because we are decent people." "Decent? You hit your nephew, you make him sleep in a cupboard, you starve him!" Severus thundered, the injuries and neglect that showed on his diagnostic still fresh in his mind. Compared to Potter, his own neglectful upbringing had been downright cheery! "He has a roof over his head, don't he?" Vernon huffed. Severus needed to get away from these muggles before he cast an unforgivable. And Potter's injuries needed to be treated. "He no longer needs your roof. I will be taking him to Hogwarts and he will not be returning here." "Good," Petunia muttered. Severus gave her a look of loathing. "No wonder your parents preferred Lily. I'm sure they could see the hatefulness in you from the start," He said cruelly. A slow grin spread across his face. "You were on your way to dinner, weren't you?" He waved his wand over them. "Fame Et Dolore." Vernon and Petunia gasped. "What did you do?" Vernon asked fearfully. "Just a taste of what Potter felt while in your care," Severus said casually. He turned towards the stairs and pointed his wand. "Let's not forget your son. Reus Somnia." A stream of silver shot up the stairs. It would do the boy good to dream of the pain and fear Potter went through. Perhaps he would learn something. "What did you do to our Dudley? He's just a little boy!" Vernon protested. Severus glared at him. "So is Potter, you blasted muggle!" He snapped. Severus left them in the entryway and returned to Harry who looked up with hope in his eyes. "Is the castle real? I get to go see it?" "Of course it is real and yes, you get to go," Severus pointed at the boy's cupboard and did a packing spell. He would have Potter go through his things later and see what he wanted to keep. He hesitated, remembering that Potter's ankle was sprained. "All right, let's go." He lifted Potter into his arms. Harry yelped in surprise and put his arms around the man's neck automatically. No one had held him like this before and yet it felt familiar. "Mr. Snape, I can walk!" "Professor Snape," Severus corrected as he walked out of the house, ignoring the Dursley's stare, and made his way to a spot where he could Apparate them to the gates in front of Hogwarts. "I am a professor at Hogwarts." Or at least I am now, he thought ruefully. "Oh," Harry frowned. "What's Hogwarts?" "The name of the castle I am taking you too. It is also a wizarding school where I will begin teaching soon." A castle that was also a school? Cool! "What do you teach?" Harry asked curiously. "I will be teaching Potions," Severus held the boy tighter. "Close your eyes. This may be uncomfortable for a moment." He turned on his heel and they disapparated. HP "Ugh, that felt really weird," Harry complained as the professor carried him through a pathway and up to a huge castle. He forgot about the awful sensation as they entered Hogwarts. "Wow," He murmured as his eyes grew wide, taking everything in. "Are – are the portraits waving at me?" "Of course, most of them are quite polite," Severus said as he climbed the stairs. He didn't feel winded from carrying Potter, the boy was as light as a feather. "Magic's really real," Harry whispered as his eyes took in his surroundings. "They told me it didn't exist. That magic was a bad word." "They did, did they?" Severus said lightly, though his dark eyes were flashing with anger. "First thing you need to know Potter, is that not only is magic real, you are a wizard. You will learn spells, charms, potions and much more here at school once you turn eleven. The second thing you need to know is that your relative's are despicable liars. Forget everything they ever told you." They entered the infirmary where the Matron was filling some vials. She glanced over when they entered the room and her eyes widened in surprise. "Severus? What are you doing here? What happened? Who is that?" "Can't you see the faded scar?" Severus asked sarcastically. His hold on his temper was fading fast. He wanted to confront Dumbledore on whether the old coot had known how Potter was being treated. He would demand that Potter be placed with suitable guardians and he may plan another visit to those muggles, he knew many creative curses that would leave them very sorry they had ever mistreated the child. Poppy Pomfrey's mouth dropped open. "Harry Potter? What happened to him? Why is he here?" She began casting diagnostics as she talked, her eyes narrowing as she took in the results. "He's been -" "Abused," Severus said curtly. "Poor dear," Poppy said gently as she summoned several vials and jars from her cabinets. "We'll get you feeling better in no time at all." She raised her eyes to Severus. "How could this happen to him?" "His relatives," Severus practically growled. "I need to go speak with Albus." "You do that and you tell him I will be speaking to him as well," Poppy said, her eyes flashing. Severus inclined his head. "I'll be more than happy to," He said as he made to move. A tug on his robes stopped him and he turned to face a scared looking Harry Potter. "Don't go," Harry whispered. He was so confused, he didn't really know where he was, everything was different here and he didn't know the woman in the apron. "Potter, you will be fine. This is Madam Pomfrey, she will heal your injuries," Severus said. He hesitated when Potter stared at him with imploring eyes. "I really need to speak with the Headmaster but...I will return once I am done." "You promise?" Harry asked in a small voice. "I promise," Severus said, scowling at Poppy's smirk. HP "Severus," Dumbledore said as Severus entered his office. "How did everything go?" "How much did you know?" Severus demanded. "Pardon?" "How much of Potter's home life did you know about? I may have hated James Potter but even I would never have sentenced his son to those disgusting muggles." Dumbledore leaned back in his seat, his eyes sorrowful. "I assume you discovered that they haven't been treating Harry well," He said grimly. "I asked Arabella Figg to move into the neighborhood to keep an eye on Harry. She has reported that he is thinner than the other children, and appeared quiet and sad a lot. Sometimes he had bruises but he told her he fell while playing." "Most abused children lie about how they get injured," Severus said angrily. "Why did you not investigate further?" Dumbledore sighed. "She never saw the Dursley's hurt him and I suppose I didn't want to believe that Lily's own sister could treat her son that way, especially as she had a son nearly the same age. They are his family." He frowned. "They are child abusers," Severus spat out. "I brought Potter here to the infirmary. Poppy is tending to him now. He has a black eye and a hurt ankle. He also had marks on his face and neck from being manhandled. From the diagnostic I ran he has been treated like this for the past four years. He also is suffering from malnutrition." He glared at Dumbledore. "Still think he is safe with his relatives?" "I had hoped..." Dumbledore trailed off. "I made a mistake. I should have checked on him." He tapped his fingers on his desk. "The protection charm based on Lily's sacrifice is still in place, he is safe there from death eaters who would want to harm him." "You would not dare to send him back there?" "He is protected there, I will speak to the Dursley's myself and -" "No," Severus said firmly. "They hate the child and he will feel that even if they never lay another hand on him again. They will continue neglecting him. I know what it is like, I will not let another child go through it. Especially Lily's child." "The only other alternative is placing him with someone who is more than able to protect him from any remaining death eaters," Dumbledore said finally. Severus crossed his arms in thought. "The Weasley's," He said after a moment. "They are Order members and Molly was friends with Lily." Dumbledore shook his head. "I trust them, but they have many children already. It would be too easy for something to happen to Harry when there are that many children." Severus sighed. "Fine...then how about..Lupin?" He hated suggesting it but at least Lupin hadn't been one of his main tormentors in school. He had just watched and done nothing, he thought somewhat bitterly. And, well, had been about to attack him as a werewolf but that had been Black's fault. "No, the Ministry would never allow a werewolf custody of a child," Dumbledore said regretfully. "One of the professors here?" Severus asked impatiently. Dumbledore brightened. "That might work." Severus nodded, relieved. "I suggest Minerva. The boy will likely be a Gryffindor and even if he is not, she was Lily and James Head of House so he will appreciate the connection to his parents." "Minerva is too busy with deputy headmistress duties, as well as being a new grandmother," Dumbledore said pleasantly. Severus gritted his teeth. "Pomona? Filius?" "Ah, Filius has a huge family of his own and Pomona spends so much of her personal time traveling for her research..." "Then what teacher did you have in mind?" Dumbledore merely smiled at him. "Are you serious? Me?" Severus scoffed. "I hated the boy's father." "Yet cared deeply for his mother." "I will be starting a new career and will be busy." "You will be here at the castle, where there are many to help babysit," Dumbledore said cheerfully. "I bet Charity wouldn't mind helping with Harry's schooling. She went to a muggle primary school and now teaches muggle studies. And perhaps we could set up a daycare once a week with other children so that Harry can make friends." "I know nothing of being a parent." "You'll learn." Severus stared at him. "You really want me to be a guardian to Potter?" "Once you adopt him, you'll be his father," Dumbledore said, his eyes twinkling as Severus's widened. "You were friends with Lily, so that gives him a connection to his mother." "Adopting? Albus-" "You are a powerful wizard and know how death eaters think," Dumbledore said seriously. "I trust that you will be able to protect him no matter what." "I do not think it would work," Severus said stiffly. "I'm already planning for a huge change in my life by changing careers. Plus with my history with the boy's father...it just wouldn't work." "I see," Dumbledore said, disappointment in his eyes. "There must be someone else." "I will think on the matter. Thank you for checking on Harry and for bringing him here," Dumbledore said. "I will go and check on him soon." "Do that," Severus paused in the doorway. "Oh, Poppy said she will be having a chat with you as well regarding Harry." He said with a smirk, watching Dumbledore pale, before leaving. TBC:
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. Severus was about to head home to begin packing for his move to Hogwarts when he remembered his promise to Potter. With a resigned sigh, he returned to the infirmary. He walked in, noticing that Potter looked better, his bruise already faded and the marks on his neck gone. He was wearing a hospital gown and fiddling with the spoon that was next to a bowl of soup. Poppy was looking over a parchment. "You have had a lot of burns," She commented in an even tone. "On your hands and arms." "Oh, most of that was from cooking," Harry said with a shrug. Poppy stared. "You're only five and you cook?" "Yes Ma'am." "How else did you get burned?" Poppy continued, her eyes dark yet tone soft. "Um," Harry looked down at his untouched soup. "It is okay to tell me, Harry," Poppy said softly. "They won't hurt you again." "Sometimes my aunt would hold my hand to the stove if I accidentally burnt dinner or was too slow in making it," Harry finally said. Severus clenched his fists as he listened. "How else did they punish you?" "Mainly no food and locking me in my cupboard," Harry said matter-of-fact voice. "Adding to my chores." "What were your chores?" "Cooking, doing the dishes, dusting, sweeping, mopping, gardening -" "All right," Poppy interrupted, her voice furious as she stood up. Harry scooted back on his cot, his eyes wary. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you." He said automatically. "Oh no, you didn't dear," Poppy said with a shake of her head. "I just...they shouldn't have..." She sighed. "Eat your soup, dear. I just need a moment." She headed to the door, where Severus was still standing. She paused when she saw him. "Would you stay with him? I need a few minutes with the Headmaster." "I'll stay," Severus said, his eyes on Harry who was slowly trying a spoonful of soup. He watched the boy's eyes light up and quickly take another spoonful. "Do you like it?" Harry's face broke into a relieved smile when he saw him. "You came back!" "I said I would, didn't I?" "Yes, Perfessor Snape," Harry said, still smiling. "Professor," Severus corrected him. "Are you enjoying your soup?" Harry nodded enthusiastically. "It's so good! And Madame Pom, um Pom..." "Pomfrey." "Madame Pomfrey said the whole bowl was mine to eat! But to eat slowly." Harry said. Severus nodded his understanding. The boy's stomach wasn't used to full meals and would slowly have to grow accustomed to eating. "Have you tried the pumpkin juice?" Harry gave the glass full of orange liquid a doubtful look. "I've never had juice from a pumpkin before." Severus felt a small smile tugging on his lips. "Give it a try." Harry looked at him and with trust in his eyes, took a small sip. His eyes widened. "Yum!" He took a large gulp. "Slowly Potter," Severus warned. "You don't want to give yourself a stomachache." "Kay," Harry nodded and set down the glass, wiping his mouth on his sleeve. Severus rolled his eyes. "Honestly," He muttered, conjuring a handkerchief and handing it to the boy. "Do not use your sleeve to clean your face." Harry was staring at him. "Wow, how did you do that?" He fingered the handkerchief in awe. "Magic. I told you it was real." "Wow." "Finish your meal," Severus instructed. "And then you should probably take a nap." At Potter's affronted look, he amended, "I mean, take a small rest." Harry looked around the infirmary. "Is this where I'm gonna live now?" "Going to," Severus corrected. "And no, this is the infirmary. The Headmaster is looking for a home for you." "Oh," Harry said, looking a little sad. What if no one wanted him? "If he can't find no one, do I have to go back?" Severus looked straight into the child's emerald green eyes. "You will not go back." "What if no one wants me?" "Who wouldn't want you? You're the boy-who-lived," Severus said a touch snidely. He sighed at Potter's confused look. "I promise you, Potter. We will find you a home." Harry looked wistful. "I would love a real home." Severus felt something in him tighten at that expression. This small, five year old child who had been treated deplorably by his own relatives, Lily would be heartbroken. He remembered the boy holding onto him that night when Voldemort was killed, refusing to let go and falling asleep in his arms. Something in him softened at the memory. "You will have one." Harry still looked worried. "But what if -" "Potter, if there is no one else able to then I will become your guardian," Severus said, surprised to hear himself say it. Thank Merlin that Albus wasn't here or else he - "What a wonderful idea!" Dumbledore beamed as he entered the infirmary, Poppy following him. "Hello Harry, we met a few times when you were a baby." Harry's eyes widened at the blue and silver robes he was wearing. "You're a wizard too," He breathed. "Merlin?" Dumbledore laughed. "Not quite. My name is Albus Dumbledore. I am the Headmaster here at Hogwarts. And I am very sorry to hear that your relatives were so unkind to you, Harry." He said somberly. Harry shrugged his tiny shoulders. "They just don't like me cause I'm a freak." "You are not a freak, Potter!" Severus snapped. "You are a child and a wizard." "Sometimes I made strange things happen," Harry whispered. "I don't know how I did, though." "Accidental magic is expected when you are a child," Severus said a little impatiently. "Your Aunt knew this, she would have remembered it from your mother." "Oh." "But that is in the past Harry, you have a new guardian now," Dumbledore said happily. "My newly appointed Potion's Professor will be a wonderful guardian for you. He was friends with your mother, you know." He ignored the glowering look Severus was giving him. Harry perked up. "You knew my Mum?" "Yes," Severus admitted. He turned to Dumbledore. "However, I only said that I would be his guardian if you couldn't find someone more suitable." "And I can't," Dumbledore smiled, his eyes twinkling. "I think you are the most suitable, so it all works out, doesn't it?" He turned to Harry, once again ignoring Severus's glare. "Now my boy, do you like lemon drops?" HP "So I get to go to your house?" Harry asked hopefully after Dumbledore left. He would much rather stay with the perfessor than go back to the Dursley's. He wouldn't even mind doing the cooking and cleaning, at least the perfessor wanted him to eat and not feel pain. He didn't know where he would be sleeping but he would be happy with any cupboard, no matter how small. He couldn't believe how much better his life was getting and hoped that if he did his chores well enough, that the perfessor would tell him more about magic. "Yes," Severus said curtly, still unsure about being guardian to the young boy. He had no clue how to be one and had never thought about having children before. He was sure he would botch this up somehow. "Are you ready to go?" He suddenly realized that the boy didn't have any clothes except the over-sized rags he had been wearing when brought to the infirmary. He had taken a look in the bag packed with the few items from Potter's cupboard and promptly burned them. They were like what he was wearing – rags. He didn't have shoes, or a toothbrush or even toys...Severus shut his eyes for a moment. He would have to go shopping, which is the last thing he wanted to do. And he couldn't take the boy with him so he would have to find someone to mind the child and make sure he rested... "Oh Severus?" The Headmaster walked back into the infirmary holding a large duffel bag. "This should help Harry get started until you are able to take him shopping." Severus peered into the bag and saw clothes, pajamas, a hairbrush and toothbrush, even some toys. He looked at the Dumbledore suspiciously. "Where did these come from?" "I contacted Molly Weasley and -" "Molly Weasley! If she knows I have Potter, that blasted woman won't be able to stop herself from infringing on our lives!" Severus exclaimed in panic. He would have to move, change his name and - "Now Severus," Dumbledore had a small smirk on his face. "She does not know who the clothes are for. I simply contacted her and asked if I could borrow some things for a five year old boy who didn't have anything of his own. She was more than happy to pack a bag for me. She was curious though, and concerned but I told her I could not reveal who it was for at the moment. So do not worry, you are safe." Dumbledore smiled brightly. "For now, anyway." Severus was so relieved he didn't hear the Headmaster's last words. The last thing he or the boy needed was the Weasley family descending on them. "Good. She would no doubt want to take over where Potter is concerned, as if several children aren't enough for her." "Actually, she has seven," Dumbledore corrected. "She has a son Harry's age and a daughter a year younger as well as older twin boys and three more sons before them. Her two oldest you'll meet when school starts up." "Merlin," Severus breathed in horror. Who in their right mind would want to deal with seven children? Dumbledore cleared his throat. "I sent a couple of house elves to your home in Spinner's End, just to make up a room for Harry," Dumbledore said quickly as Severus's face darkened in anger. "Your old childhood bedroom would need a bit of sprucing up, wouldn't it?" "A bit," Severus said grudgingly. Actually, the whole house could use it. He rarely spent time there, he usually slept in the backroom of his small store that was in Diagon Alley. However, he could hardly have a child live there so he would have to make Spinner's End his home again. He didn't have many happy memories of the house and though he would now have a room at Hogwarts, he understood the boy should have a home away from the school. An alarming thought entered his mind. "If you told them to decorate the boy's room in red and gold I will -" Dumbledore held his hand up. "No, in fact I told them to avoid those two colors. I am only trying to help you Severus, not make this situation more difficult." "I appreciate that Albus," Severus sighed. "I suppose the boy and I should go." "Do let me know if you should need anything or want to borrow the house elves," Dumbledore said with a smile. HP "Well, here we are," Severus said unenthusiastically as he looked around his dusty old house. The house wasn't big, there was a tiny sitting room where the walls were covered with bookshelves. There was a gray sofa and armchair with a table in front of it. The room was lit by a candle-filled lamp that hung from the ceiling. "The kitchen is through there," Severus said, pointing to a doorway. There wasn't much to see, a old stove, small table for eating, a stone fireplace. "There is a backyard but it is quite small and the grass is probably overgrown by now. Upstairs are two bedrooms and a bathroom." Harry looked around with interested eyes. The furniture was rather worn looking and the bookshelves could use a good dusting. But there was a homey feeling that Harry had never felt at the Dursley's. In fact, he like it a lot that the perfessor's home wasn't anything like his aunt and uncle's. He didn't see a cupboard under the stairs but he was sure there was one somewhere. He was startled when he was handed a duffel bag. "Go ahead to your room and unpack," Severus said. "Then I want you to lay down and take a rest. We'll have dinner when you wake up." Harry looked down at the bag in confusion. "What's in here?" "Some clothes and toys for you," Severus said absently as he looked through his mail. "We'll get you more in a few days. These are borrowed so take good care of them." Harry bit his lip and hugged the bag closer to himself. Clothes for him? Toys? And he would get more? "Um, perfessor? Where is my room?" "Upstairs," Severus said. "The bedroom on the right. It's been fixed up for you." "A bedroom? Really? For me?" "Obviously. Where did you think you would -" Severus glanced down and inwardly winced at the excitement in those emerald green eyes. Of course, the child wasn't used to having an actual bedroom. Had he been expecting to sleep in a cupboard here too? From the look on Harry's face, the answer was yes. "I don't need a whole room to myself perfessor," Harry said earnestly. "A cupboard or closet would -" "Not be in any way appropriate," Severus said firmly. "You deserve a bedroom Potter. Come, let's go see your new room." He led Harry up the creaky stairs and turned to the right. He opened the door and when they entered, he was struck by how different his old bedroom looked. The room was now bright, the new curtains pulled back to let the sun in. The walls alternated in green and blue, with circles of green on the blue and circles of blue on the green wall, looking like a splash of bubbles. The bedspread was light blue with green and orange pillows piled up by the headboard. There was now a child size desk with a chair, a dresser and the bookshelf that had been Severus's as a child was painted a rich dark brown. There was also a soft looking orange sofa chair with a pattern of little brooms that moved around, a small table next to the chair. "Well, this is certainly different from how it looked when I slept in here," Severus remarked. Harry's eyes were wide as he took in the colorful room. He blinked up at the perfessor. "This was your room? When you were a kid?" "Yes," Severus leaned against the door frame. "Although I assure you, it didn't look anywhere near as nice as this. Go ahead and unpack and then I want you to take a nap." Harry made a face. He didn't want to take a nap, he wanted to explore his new room and the house! "But I've been resting all day in the infamy." He couldn't help but whine. Severus raised an eyebrow. "The infirmary. And you will rest some more," He said firmly. "And then we will have dinner once you wake up." Harry sighed but nodded. "Yes sir," He said. Actually, it was quite nice of the perfessor to let him sleep a little more before making dinner. It would probably take Harry longer to make something since he wasn't used to the kitchen but he was sure he could make a nice dinner for his new guardian. He was left alone and unpacked the duffel bag, grinning as he saw they were clothes his size! And they didn't have holes or anything in them. And there were blocks that once he put them on the shelf, they began rearranging themselves and then tumbling down all on their own! Harry watched in amazement. Magic, he thought dreamily. He vaguely remembered being told he was a wizard but he knew that couldn't be true. He was abnormal, he knew that. But somehow he had lucked out and got to stay where it was magical and work for the perfessor. It was more than he could have hoped for. He put the crayons and coloring book, a puzzle, and a small broom that zoomed out of his hand and flew around the room before landing back on his palm, on his shelf as well. He sighed happily as he lay on the comfortable bed. Yes, all of this was more than he could have hoped for. TBC:
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. Severus closed the door to his lab, locking and warding it. He would need to make sure the boy knew he was not allowed in there unless Severus was with him. He would need to make a list of rules and perhaps chores, although with the boy's history he wasn't sure he could bring himself to do that. The child was only five years old after all, and deserved the chance to actually be five years old. Walking into the kitchen and hoping there was something he could whip up for dinner, Severus stopped in his tracks. The five year old in his care was trying to light the stove. Severus moved quickly, pulling the boy away from the stove and snatching the matches from him. "What," He hissed slowly. "do you think you are doing, Potter?" Harry stared into the man's angry dark eyes and gulped. "I – I was -" "Trying to burn down my house? Trying to get yourself hurt? Or worse?" Severus was shouting at the end, looming over the small child. Harry paled and backed up, eyes filling with tears. "I'm – I'm sorry." He whispered. "Little boys do not play with matches and stoves!" Severus scolded. "I wasn't playi-" "Honestly Potter, just when I think you are not a spoiled, rotten child you pull a stunt like this! What do you have to say for yourself?" Severus demanded. "I thought I was supposed to make dinner!" Harry choked out on a sob before running out of the kitchen. Severus froze, shutting his eyes in frustration. Only the frustration was aimed at himself. Merlin, I'm an idiot, he thought. The boy was used to do doing the cooking and cleaning at his relatives, it would take him some time to learn that he didn't need to earn his keep like that. This is exactly why I shouldn't be his guardian, Severus thought sourly as he went in search of Potter. He found him in his room, huddled on the floor in the corner, crying with his arms wrapped around his legs. "Potter," Severus said quietly as he stepped towards the sobbing boy. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Harry kept repeating, his face in his knees. Feeling his heart clench, Severus slowly knelt down next to him. "Potter, I apologize. I didn't realize you thought you had to make dinner." He said and after a moments hesitation, he put a hand on a thin shoulder. Harry looked up, tears dripping down his face. "I can cook and clean, please don't send me away," He pleaded. Severus sighed and conjured a cloth, wetting it with a spell. He gently took off Potter's glasses and wiped his face with the cool cloth. "Do not get upset, I would not send you away. You didn't do anything wrong, Potter. I misunderstood the situation." He saw Potter's confused look. "I thought you were playing around, with the matches," He clarified. "I thought you were doing something you knew you shouldn't be doing." "I thought I was supposed to," Harry said softly as the perfessor put his glasses back on. "I don't mind doing the cooking and cleaning for you. I don't want to go back to the Dursley's." "You won't," Severus said. "You are in my care now and that's that." "Even if I did do something wrong? Or if I become spoiled and rotten?" Harry asked anxiously. "Even if you do something wrong, even if I get angry with you," Severus said. "And Potter, you are not spoiled and rotten. I should not have said that. I was upset when I saw you getting ready to light the stove. I was afraid that you would hurt yourself." Harry stared at him. "You were angry that I would get hurt?" That was a new concept for him. The Dursley's were happy when he was hurt, especially since they did most of the hurting. But even if he accidentally hurt himself, they would laugh and make fun of him. "Yes," Severus answered. "We should have a talk, let's go downstairs and I will make us something to eat." HP Harry sat at the table, his little legs swinging back and forth as he watched the perfessor make spaghetti. It was nice, having dinner made for him although he felt a little guilty, like he should be doing something. "Do you want help?" "No, not right now," Severus said as he levitated two plates of spaghetti onto the table. He also brought over a plate of hot rolls, butter, and cooked carrots. He poured a glass of milk for Harry while he had made tea for himself. He put a roll and a serving of carrots onto the boy's plate. "Dig in." "Thank you," Harry said politely as he swirled his fork in the spaghetti and took a bite. It was so good! Severus watched ruefully as more spaghetti sauce appeared on Potter's face than in his mouth. He handed the boy a paper towel. "Wipe your mouth please." "Kay," Harry said happily as he obeyed, cleaning his face. He finished almost everything on his plate, including the carrots. "Now, I have a few rules to go over with you," Severus said once they were done eating. "First, you are not to go into my lab unless I am with you. I will show you where it is in a minute, but it is off limits to you. I make my potions in there and it can be dangerous, especially for a child. Do you understand?" "Yes," Harry nodded. "Good. You are also not allowed outside unless I give you permission. No leaving the property without me. I expect you to be respectful and polite and never lie to me. No playing with fire and my wand is off limits. You will get your own wand when you are eleven years old but you are never to touch mine. Understand?" Harry nodded slowly. "I get a wand when I'm eleven?" "I just said so, did I not?" "So I really am a wizard?" "Yes," Severus said. "I promise you, Mr. Potter. You are a wizard." Harry's eyes brightened. "These rules apply when we are at Hogwarts," Severus continued. "As I will begin teaching soon, we will also be living at Hogwarts." Harry's eyes widened. "So we have two homes?" Severus nodded reluctantly. He still didn't consider this house a home, not a proper one anyway. "I will have my own quarters at the castle so you will have a bedroom there as well." "Two bedrooms," Harry whispered, wonder filling his eyes at the thought. Severus face softened a little at his expression. He cleared his throat. "You are never to wander the castle without me or one of the other professor's. You are definitely never to leave the castle by yourself. Just like the rule here, you are never to touch any of the students wands." "I won't," Harry said. Severus nodded in approval. "Your bedtime is eight o' clock. I will be figuring out school for you, apparently one of the professor's at Hogwarts will be able to teach you, and a friend of your mother's might be having a daycare once a week so perhaps you could meet some other children. As for chores..." He trailed off. He didn't want the boy to think he had to work night and day to earn his keep or anything. "I would like you to keep your room clean, when you play with your toys make sure to pick them up and put them where they belong when you are done. You can help me set and clear the table before and after meals, and water the plants that are in the sitting room. Or will be when I get some," He amended, which caused Harry to giggle. "If you keep up with these chores every week then I will give you an allowance." Harry's eyes widened. The chores were nothing compared to what he did at the Dursley's and yet the perfessor was going to pay him? "A few sickles a week," Severus said thoughtfully. "We'll see how you do and go from there. If you don't keep up with your chores then you won't get paid for that week. The same will go for when we are at Hogwarts, although some of our meals will be in the Great Hall so we won't have to set the table then." "What's a sickle?" Severus looked surprised for a moment before giving a small chuckle. He explained wizarding money as best he could, knowing it could be a little tricky. When he was done, he got out some biscuits for dessert and was not surprised to find the child yawning after he was done eating. "Why don't you go upstairs and get ready for bed? I'll come up to say goodnight in a few minutes." Harry nodded sleepily and stood up. He hesitated. "I need to clear the table." Severus shook his head. "You can start your chores tomorrow, if you like. You've had a busy day so I will clear the table." "Okay," Harry said gratefully before leaving the room. He really was tired. His tummy was pleasantly full and it made him feel sleepy. Once he was in his pajamas, real pajamas not just an over sized ratty t-shirt, he crawled into bed. "Ohh," He hummed as he snuggled into the warm comforter. It was so soft and pillows were like sleeping on clouds, or at least what he imagined clouds to feel like. His eyes drooped and he was soon sound asleep. Severus entered the child's room, prepared to offer to read him a story when he discovered the boy was already asleep. Hmm, he hoped all bedtimes went this smoothly. As the boy had objected to taking a nap earlier he had expected him to fight going to bed. Of course, it had been a big day so it wasn't surprising that it all would have caught up with him. He started to turn to leave when he noticed that even in sleep, the boy looked happy. Content. He sucked in a breath when he realized it was the child's first time sleeping in a bed. "I won't be a perfect guardian," He said quietly. "But I hope you will be happy here. I will do my best by you, I promise." HP The next morning after breakfast Severus made a list of things he needed to do. He still needed to pack for Hogwarts but decided not to make the move to the castle yet, figuring Harry would enjoy spending more time in his first real home. He'd need to get the boy his own clothes, toys and books. And if they were going to spend some time at Spinner's End before going to Hogwarts, he'd need to go to the local market. Shoe store, Severus added to the list. He needed to get some ingredients for his own potions supply and some more quills and parchment... Finishing his list, he sat back and noticed the child had brought down a coloring book and crayons and was happily coloring away across from him at the table. "We have some errands to do today." He informed Harry. Harry looked up curiously. "What kind of errands?" "You need some things, like clothes and we need some groceries and I need a few supplies for my lab." Severus answered. "We'll go to Diagon Alley for most of our errands, stop and get some lunch and stop at the market on the way home." He picked up his quill. Harry tilted his head to one side. "Is that what you write with?" "Hmm?" Severus paused and studied his quill. "Yes. You will learn to write with one as well." HP Severus shrunk down the shopping bag and put it in his pocket. He had to admit it was rather enjoyable to watch Harry's reaction to Diagon Alley. He was fascinated by everything, from the way wizards dressed to the shops. Severus had to hide a chuckle when the child's eyes widened as they passed Sugarplum's Sweet Shop. He had decided that since the child had been so good so far, from all the walking and picking out clothes and getting measured for robes, that he deserved a treat. "You may pick out something to have after lunch," Severus told him. "Wow, really?" Harry's green eyes shined. "What should I get?" "It is your decision," Severus told him as they entered the shop. He picked out some Liquorice Wands for himself. "Hello Severus." Severus turned and raised an eyebrow. "Narcissa. How are you?" Narcissa Malfoy gave a small nod. "I am doing well. You?" "Well, thank you for asking," Severus responded. Narcissa eyed his bag of Liquorice. "Have a sweet tooth, do you?" Her clear blue eyes sparkled with amusement for a moment before her cool facade came back. Since she married Lucius, her personality had changed from the Narcissa he remembered from school. Of course, being married to a cold, cruel man like Lucius would do that to anyone. "An indulgence I occasionally give into," Severus admitted. "But I am actually here for Harry, it is his first time in Diagon Alley." "Who?" Severus hesitated but realized news of him taking in Harry Potter would be made public soon, especially as he was to adopt the boy. "Harry Potter." Narcissa's eyes widened. "Harry Potter? Why are you with him?" "It isn't known yet but he is my new ward." Narcissa, normally so cool and composed, looked shocked as her mouth dropped open. She quickly closed her mouth. "But why? I had heard he was with family." "His home life proved unacceptable," Severus said carefully. "So now he is in my care." "Not acceptable? You mean they -" Narcissa's eyes darkened for a moment. "So he's with you for good?" She began to look thoughtful. "You hated James Potter, did you not?" "That does not mean I can not -" "But you cared for Lily," Narcissa murmured. "You were friends. She was kind, I remember." Severus nodded stiffly. "She was." "You'll keep him safe," Narcissa said, realization in her eyes. She looked at him seriously. "You will need to," She lowered her voice. "There are those who would love to get their hands on him, to hurt him." She didn't say her husband was one of them but she didn't have to. Severus understood. "I will protect him," Severus said. Narcissa nodded. "Good." Suddenly her son, Draco Malfoy, hurried up to her. "Mother, this boy didn't know that chocolate frogs jump when you open them!" His silver gray eyes looked amused, surrounded by light blonde hair. "Perhaps he has never had one, Draco," Narcissa said. "Everyone knows," Draco huffed. "Apparently not," Narcissa said with a small smile as Harry crept close to Severus. Severus put a comforting hand on Harry's shoulder. "Harry, this is Narcissa Malfoy and her son, Draco. You two are close in age, I believe." Draco gave him a doubtful look. "He looks littler than me." He looked at Harry. "I'm five," He said importantly. "So am I," Harry said, jutting his chin out. "Is he, Mother?" Draco demanded. "He is, Mr. Malfoy," Severus spoke up. Draco looked up at him. "Okay," He said. "This is Severus, Draco," Narcissa said, putting her hand on top of Draco's head. "He went to school with your father and I." "My father is a very important man," Draco bragged. He didn't know why he was important, but his father was always telling him that he was. "That is nice," Severus said, hiding his amusement. He looked down at Harry. "Did you pick out a sweet?" "No." "Go on then," Severus gave him a gentle nudge. Harry trotted back to the sweets, looking at all the choices when Draco walked up next to him. "What are you going to get?" Draco asked. "I don't know," Harry bit his lip. He wasn't used to getting to pick out a sweet. "I can have anything I want," Draco said smugly. "And as much as I want." Harry glanced at him. "Um, that's nice." "Does your father let you have whatever you want?" Harry glanced back at the perfessor, who was talking to the pretty blonde lady. "I don't have a father," He admitted. "The perfessor is my guardian and he said I could pick out one." "Only one?" Draco snorted as he picked up two boxes of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans. "Do you have a mother?" "No," Harry said quietly. Draco paused. "No parents?" Harry shook his head. "I have the perfessor," He said. "Perfessor?" "He teaches at the castle," Harry said, happy to be able to brag a little. "Hogwarts?" Draco did look impressed. "What does he teach?" "Potions." "Hmm," Draco said. "I'll go there and be a Slytherin, like my parents." "What is a Slytherin?" Harry asked with interest. Draco stared at him. "You don't know? It's the best house at Hogwarts. Are you a wizard?" He asked suspiciously. Harry shifted uncomfortably. He still wasn't sure, even if his guardian said he was. "Yes." He said finally. "You don't know much," Draco said as he added more treats to the basket he was holding. "I lived with people who weren't magical," Harry said as he picked up a chocolate frog. Did it really jump when you opened the package? "Muggles?" Draco sneered, copying the look his father got when he spoke of them. He didn't know why his father got that expression but figured it was just the thing to do when saying the word muggles. "Huh?" Harry wrinkled his nose. What were Muggles? "Harry, did you choose?" Severus called. "Umm, yeah!" Clutching his chocolate frog, he hurried back to his guardian. TBC: Hope you enjoyed!
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. A/N: Enjoy! "What's a muggle?" Severus glanced at Harry as he put a box of cereal in his cart. They were at their last stop, the market, and Harry had been fairly quiet since they left Diagon Alley. "A muggle is a person who has no magical ability." "Like my relative's?" "Yes," Severus picked out some apples. "I am guessing Draco mentioned it?" "Yeah," Harry said as picked up a bag of crisps and looked it over. "I don't think he believes I'm a wizard." He looked up at Severus. "Are you really sure I am?" "Yes, Potter," Severus insisted. "Do you remember telling me that you sometimes made things happen without knowing how you did?" Harry nodded. "Aunt Petunia cut all my hair off once and the next day it growed all back...was that magic?" He asked excitedly. "It was," Severus nodded. "Accidental magic, very common in children. So you see? You are indeed a wizard." HP "Narcissa." Narcissa stiffened slightly as her husband entered their sitting area. She concentrated on the flowers she was arranging in the new vase she had bought that day. "Lucius." "Draco was just telling me a most interesting story," Lucius drawled lazily, taking a seat and crossing his legs. "He mentioned meeting a boy who has a guardian that will be teaching at Hogwarts. Potions. Now, I have heard that Severus Snape has taken the title of Potions Master at Hogwarts." "Yes, we saw Severus today," Narcissa confirmed. "He is guardian to a boy named Harry?" Narcissa turned to her husband, an even expression on her face. "Yes, and it is the Harry you are thinking of." "Harry Potter," Lucius sneered. "So the traitor has taken in the brat. Why?" Narcissa raised one shoulder in a slight shrug. "We did not talk long, he mentioned Harry's home life not being acceptable." "Interesting," Lucius murmured. He gave a thin lipped smile. "If I had known the boy needed a home, I would have offered for us to take him in." He gave a low chuckle. "Is that so?" Narcissa gave him an innocent smile. "I did not know you wanted another child." Lucius scowled at her. "Don't be stupid, Narcissa. I don't. But that brat deserves to pay for the downfall of our master." "He wasn't my master," Narcissa snapped before she could stop herself. Lucius glared at her, standing up and crossing the room. "Careful, my dear. You do not want to make me angry, do you?" He grabbed her arm, squeezing hard enough to make her wince. "He was a great wizard, one who knew that half-bloods and mud-bloods needed to be put in their place. Now we are stuck with wizards in power like Dumbledore, who cares not for the purity of blood. The worst Headmaster Hogwarts has ever seen." Narcissa resisted the urge to rub her sore arm after Lucius let her go. She did not want to show weakness in front of him. "The void our master left is meant to be filled," Lucius said in a smug voice. "By you?" Narcissa asked quietly. "Yes," Lucius said. "It will take time but I can be patient. Destroying the boy-who-lived would be a good way to start. Perhaps Draco would like a play date with the boy?" Narcissa felt a moment of fear for the Potter child, though she made sure not let it show. "I doubt Severus would allow it. And I do not think Potter cared for our Draco." She lied. Lucius's face darkened. "And why is that?" "Draco noticed that Potter didn't know much about the wizarding world. I think he was jealous of our son, who is so knowledgeable about the wizarding world." Narcissa said smoothly. There was no way she would put that poor child in danger by risking Lucius getting close to him. "Not surprising, especially if he was raised by muggles," Lucius grimaced at the thought. "Our Draco is superior to that Potter boy in every way. He will make a fine death eater one day." Narcissa froze. "There are no more death eaters, with the dark lord gone." "Ah, my simple Narcissa," Lucius said in a mocking voice. "I told you I had plans to pick up where the dark lord left off. Draco will serve me well. He will be taught what really matters, the purity of blood and the joy of torturing muggles and muggle supporters." Lucius smiled cruelly. "No he won't!" Narcissa hissed. "I do not want that for our son." Before Narcissa could even blink, Lucius disarmed her, cast a silencing spell and cast the Cruciatus Curse on her. She fell to the floor, screaming though no sound came out. "Do not ever defy me, my dear wife," Lucius hissed. "I will raise my son as I see fit and you will be the perfect wife and support me. Otherwise, I will kill you." He lifted the curse and spell. "And I will kill Draco in front of you if you ever try to leave me, do you understand?" Narcissa nodded, tears burning in her eyes. Lucius tossed her wand at her and left the room. Narcissa gasped and whimpered a bit before shakily standing up. A pop distracted her from her pain. "Is Mistress okay?" The house elf Dobby asked anxiously. "Yes Dobby, I am fine," Narcissa took a deep breath to calm her pounding heart. "Mistress should sit and have some tea?" Narcissa gave Dobby a rare smile. "That would be lovely." Dobby beamed and popped back into the kitchens. Narcissa sank into the sofa chair, her legs still too shaky to hold her. She had suspected that Lucius wanted to take over the dark lord's role but now she knew for sure. And if he succeeded he would include Draco in his plans. Her precious son. Lucius was already trying to influence him into believing that pure-blooded wizards were better than everyone else. Lucius was a monster and he would try to turn her son into one as well. And if she took Draco and left, he would come after them. And she had no doubt that he would kill her and Draco. HP A few days after Severus and Harry's shopping trip, the Headmaster visited Spinner's End. "Harry is settling in well?" Dumbledore asked after he flooed in. "He appears to be," Severus said. "He was good when I took him out on errands. We ran into Narcissa Malfoy and her son, Draco in Diagon Alley." "I see," Dumbledore said. "The truth that Harry will be adopted by you will soon be public anyway. You have warded your home very well." Severus raised an eyebrow. "Yes, but you are welcome to go over them and add more if believe they are needed." He was confident that his wards were sufficient but he had no problem for the Headmaster to look them over. After Dumbledore had added an extra layer of protection to the house, he joined Severus for a cup of tea in the kitchen. "The adoption will take place tomorrow. I have the papers for you to fill out." "So soon?" "With Lucius knowing about Harry, he or someone else may try to get custody of the child." Dumbledore said seriously. "I have already spoken with child welfare and Cornelius Fudge." "I doubt they thought I would make a good guardian for the boy," Severus said dryly. "I told them that you were friends with Lily and that you would be working at Hogwarts, where Harry will be spending most of his time. They know Hogwarts is safe and that he will be very well looked after." Dumbledore said. "I also reminded them that you were a spy for me, that you gave helpful information of Voldemort's plans." "Did you remind them that I joined the dark lord willingly?" Severus asked bitterly. Such a foolish thing to do... "No, I didn't see the need for that," Dumbledore looked amused. "As far as they know, the reason you joined was to spy." Severus made a face. "My boy, you were a death eater for only a short time before you came to me and agreed to spy," Dumbledore said gently. "It doesn't change the fact that I was a fool," Severus muttered. "You were young and you made a mistake," Dumbledore said calmly. "Unlike some others, you saw the error of your ways and did your best to make them right. You aren't trying to take Voldemort's place." Severus took a deep breath. "Is that happening? Have you heard anything?" "I have heard that Lucius Malfoy is slowly starting to gain some followers," Dumbledore said slowly. "No surprise there," Severus said with a sigh. "I believe Narcissa tried to give me a warning, that there would be those who would want to hurt Potter. She didn't mention Lucius but it was implied." "Ah, Narcissa," Dumbledore eyes took on a saddened look. "I know her parents were very much in favor of her marrying Lucius." "From what I heard, it had been arranged for some time," Severus said. Harry entered the kitchen. "Perfessor, can I have -" He paused when he saw Dumbledore. "Hi," He said a little shyly. "Hello Harry," Dumbledore said. "You remember me? I'm Professor Dumbledore." "You're on my card from the chocolate frog!" Harry said, pulling the card out of his pocket that had Dumbledore's picture on it. Dumbledore beamed. "My greatest achievement." "Being on a collectors card?" Severus rolled his eyes and then focused on Harry. "Every chocolate frog comes with a card and if you collect them and save them, when you start Hogwarts you may find other students who collect and are willing to trade." Harry's eyes brightened. "That sounds fun! I'll save this one forever, cause it was my first." He assured the Headmaster. Dumbledore's eyes warmed. "Thank you, Harry." "What did you need, Potter?" "A snack?" Harry asked hopefully. He grinned when his guardian nodded. "What are houses?" Harry asked as he took a seat at the table. He wrinkled his nose at the tea and then grinned when his guardian summoned pumpkin juice for him. "What do you mean?" "The boy I met...Draco? He said there were houses at Hogwarts and he would be in Slthrin." Harry took a deep gulp of juice. "Slytherin," Severus corrected him as he set a plate of biscuits on the table. "There are four houses at Hogwarts, and first year students are sorted at the welcoming feast. The students in the house you are sorted into will be the ones you share a dormitory with and share classes with. You can gain points for your house by behaving and doing well in your classes while misbehavior will cause you to lose points for your house. At the end of the year the house with the most points will win the House Cup. Each house has their own Quidditch team that compete throughout the year for the Inter-House Quidditch Cup." "Quidditch," Harry remembered. "Like the store we saw that sold brooms?" "Indeed," Severus said. "You will see some games at Hogwarts, I'm sure. Now, the four houses are Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and Hufflepuff." Harry giggled. "Those are funny names." "I suppose they are, Harry," Dumbledore said cheerfully. "Each house has their own traits that they are known for, and their own animal that represents them, and their own colors." "What house were you in?" Harry asked Severus. "Slytherin," Severus said. "Known for being cunning and ambitious. Our animal is a snake and our colors green and silver." "I was in Gryffindor," Dumbledore said. "Our colors are red and gold, our animal is a lion and our traits are bravery and - " "And arrogance and recklessness," Severus finished with a smirk. "I was going to say chivalry," Dumbledore said, looking amused. "Ravenclaws are known for being wise and clever. Their animal is an eagle and their colors blue and bronze. Hufflepuffs are known for being loyal and friendly, their colors are yellow and black and their animal is a badger." "They are also known for crying at the drop of a hat and having no backbone," Severus said a touch snidely. Dumbledore tilted his head to the side and smiled at him. "I'll have to let Minerva and Pomona know how you describe their houses to future students." He looked back at Harry while Severus scowled at him. "Each house has a professor responsible for them, they are called the Head of House. Severus here will be Head of House for Slytherin." "Can't wait," Severus sighed. "It would be cool if I was in your house," Harry said happily. Severus exchanged a look with Dumbledore. "A lot of times, you end up in the same house that your parents were in." He said slowly. "But not always," Dumbledore added. "What houses were my parents in?" "Gryffindor," Severus answered flatly. "Oh," Harry bit his lip. It would be cool to be in the same house as his parents but he wanted to be with his guardian too. "You have plenty of time before you need to think about where you are sorted," Dumbledore told him. "Each house has its good traits and I'm sure you will enjoy wherever you are sorted." He leaned back in his chair. "Now, I've been thinking about your schooling. One of the Professor's at Hogwarts teaches a class about Muggles for students who are interested in learning about them and she went to a muggle primary when she was a child. Her class load isn't as heavy as most of the other professor's so she is willing to tutor you in your schooling. A couple of the other professors may be able to help teach you as well. And on Fridays a friend of your mother's will be having daycare where you can get to know other children." Severus relaxed, thinking this could work out. He could teach Harry as well, he had gone to muggle primary. He was slightly concerned about Harry getting to know the Weasleys, as the last thing he needed was that large family infringing on their life but one day a week wouldn't be so bad. And Harry did need friends his own age. Harry smiled back a little uncertainly, not knowing who all these people were that they were talking about. But his guardian looked pleased so it must be okay. And it would be cool to meet other children who were wizards, although he wondered if they would be like Draco, who seemed to look down on him for his lack of magical knowledge. Dumbledore cleared his throat. "Now, as Molly will be having Harry over to the Burrow one day week, she wanted to meet him beforehand. I told her that perhaps you two could stop by there one evening soon so that Harry could meet her and her children." Severus's eyes widened. "You told her what?" "She said she would make dessert," Dumbledore grinned at Harry. "She makes very good desserts. He son Ron is your age, and her twins are just a couple of years older, then of course, Percy is two years older than the twins and Charlie is -" "Uh, sir? How many children does she have?" Harry asked, feeling a little alarmed. He had thought he would only meet one or two kids, not a whole bunch. "Seven." Harry's mouth dropped open. Seven? He couldn't imagine being in a family that big! "I do not want him overwhelmed," Severus said. "You will be with him, and the Weasley's are very friendly," Dumbledore said, looking at Harry. "You don't have to stay long." He said kindly. "It will just be easier to meet them before you are left at their house for a day." Harry bit his lip, a worried expression taking over his face. Severus bit back a sigh. "All right. I'll arrange for us to visit them soon." Dumbledore beamed. "Wonderful! Now, we should talk about making the adoption final. There is a meeting at the Ministry with child services to finalize everything tomorrow evening." Harry's eyes lit up and he looked at Severus shyly. He would really be adopted? Have a family of his own? Never have to worry about the Dursley's again? Have a father of his own? Severus still felt apprehensive about adopting Potter, it was happening so fast... but it was best to get it done before someone underhanded tried to interfere and get Potter in their grasp. Besides, it wasn't that bad, the boy was rather well behaved. He met Potter's hopeful eyes and gave him a nod. "That's sounds just fine to me." Harry grinned broadly. HP Molly Weasley smiled as Harry and Severus flooed through and landed in her kitchen. She beamed when she saw Harry, a spitting image of James yet with Lily's lovely eyes. She had been shocked when Dumbledore had told her about Harry's relatives and that Severus Snape was adopting little Harry Potter. She and her husband Arthur would have been more than happy to take the child in as one of their own, but Dumbledore had insisted that the arrangement was working and that Severus was doing a fine job. Well, she would be keeping her eye on the situation. It was the least she could do for Lily and James. "Hello dear," Molly said gently. "I am very pleased that you will be in my daycare." "Thank you, Ma'am," Harry said shyly. "You may call me Mrs. Weasley," Molly smiled. Her eyes shifted to Severus. "Hello Severus. I'm happy you two were able to come over." "Molly," Severus said evenly. "Arthur is in the sitting room with the children. Let me introduce you," Molly said with a bright smile. Severus entered the room and worked hard to not let his mouth drop open in horror. All the Weasleys. All the red-headed Weasleys staring at him and Potter. "Severus!" Arthur Weasley got up and shook his hand. "Long time no see. I hear you will be teaching at Hogwarts this coming year." "Yes, I will be." Severus said. "Well, then you will get to know our oldest, Bill. He will be entering his fourth year," Arthur said, gesturing to the tallest. "And Charlie will be starting his second year." He pointed to one of the boys who had a very freckled face. "Ah, well, I'm sure it will be a pleasure to have you in Potions," Severus drawled. "I certainly hope you have gotten a head start on your studying." Both boys nodded, yet also paled so much their freckles seemed to pop out of their faces. "Percy will be next to start Hogwarts but he has a few years yet," Arthur continued, patting a skinny boy on the shoulder who peered over his book at them. "Then the twins." Severus pursed his lips together at the matching mischievous looks on the two boys faces. Trouble, he thought dryly. "This one is Fred and that one is George," Molly said as she gave each boy a fond pat on the head. "Mum!" One of the boys whined. "I'm not Fred, he is." "Oh, sorry dear," Molly said absently. "You'd think she would know which son is which by now," The other twin huffed. "I said I was sorry," Molly sighed. "You don't have to be mum, I am Fred!" "Boys!" Severus wondered if it would be rude to summon a headache potion in front of them. At least he had several years before the twins entered Hogwarts. "This is Ronnie, he is five like you Harry," Molly said. "Mum! It's Ron!" "Right, sorry love," Molly rolled her eyes. "And this is our youngest, Ginny," Arthur said as he picked up the little girl who had been clinging to his leg. "She's the baby," George smirked. "I am not a baby!" Ginny shrieked. Percy closed his book and sniffed. "Don't pick on her just because she's the baby of the family." "Don't tell me what to do!" "I'm not a baby!" "Children! That's enough!" Molly snapped. Severus rubbed his temples. "Severus, would you like some tea?" Molly asked sweetly. Firewhiskey might get me through the evening better, Severus thought as he politely nodded. "Yes, thank you." The three adults went into the kitchen after Severus was fairly sure that Harry would be all right with the Weasley children. Molly began boiling the water. "He's little for his age." She remarked. "He is," Severus said. "Malnutrition and neglect will do that to a child." Molly's face darkened. "I could not believe it when I heard he had been mistreated. Who could do that to a child?" She shook her head and then looked at Severus a little suspiciously. "He will need a lot of love and assurance from you. A lot of care. Are you able to do that?" "Molly," Arthur chided gently. "It's just a question." "Is this an interview?" Severus asked a little sarcastically. "You're too late as the adoption has been already finalized." "Severus, she didn't mean it like that," Arthur frowned. Molly flushed. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound like I'm interrogating you. I just worry for the poor dear." "I admit I know nothing about parenting, but I am doing the best I can," Severus said stiffly. Molly broke into a smile. "Of course you are. You'll be fine," She patted his arm and finished making the tea. "Especially since I have many books on child rearing that you can borrow. And my own experiences raising children, of course. I could likely write a book myself just on raising the twins alone! In fact, I -" As Molly happily prattled on, Severus sighed. It was going to be a long evening. TBC: If you get a chance, please review! =)
Disclaimer: All recognizable characters and settings belong to J.K. Rowling. "So, you're really Harry Potter?" Fred asked. "Do you really have a scar?" George asked eagerly. Harry looked back and forth between them, not sure what the fuss was about. What was the big deal with his scar? "Leave him be," Bill spoke up, giving the twins a hard stare. "We're just wondering," Fred muttered. "Our mum said you were living with muggles," Percy looked at him curiously. "Were you?" "Yeah," Harry said. "And now you're living with the new professor?" Charlie asked. "He looks...stern." "He adopted me," Harry told them. "He's firm about rules but he's nice to me." "Well, that's good," Bill said slowly. "Have you met any other wizarding people?" George asked. "Yeah, at Hogwarts. I have a house with the perfessor and we'll be living at the castle too," Harry said proudly. "I've met perfessor Dumdore and Madam Pomprey." Bill and Charlie chuckled at the mispronouncing of the names. "I met a boy at the sweet shop," Harry said thoughtfully. "And his mum. I'd never heard a name like his before. Draco." Ron snickered. "Draco Malfoy?" Fred wrinkled his nose. "He's a git." "You've never even met him," Bill said exasperatedly. "His dad is a git," George said. "You've never met him, either," Charlie pointed out. "Well, dad doesn't like his dad so..." Fred shrugged, as if that explained everything. He looked at Harry. "So was Draco a git?" "He was okay," Harry said with a shrug. "He did make a point of telling me he got to have as many sweets as he wanted." "Spoiled brat," George said with a nod. "The Malfoy's are rich and think they are better than everyone else." Percy threw a pillow at George. "You've never met any of them! How can you know that?" "From what I've heard dad say, it doesn't sound like Mr. Malfoy is a very nice man," Bill admitted. "But Dad's never mentioned anything about his wife or kid." Growing bored with the conversation, Ron turned to Harry. "Want to build something with my blocks?" He asked. "Sure!" Harry said, following him to the corner of the room where some were piled. "What should we build?" Ron asked as he dumped out his blocks. "Um... a space ship?" Harry suggested. Ron stared at him, wide eyed. "What's a space ship?" Delighted to know something someone else didn't, Harry began explaining and soon all the Weasley children were listening with fascination. HP Severus opted to have dinner in his quarters, figuring Harry would already be overwhelmed and tired from his first day of school. Merlin knew Severus was. It had only been one day but he couldn't believe the dunderheads he was having to teach. Most thought just putting in any ingredient and seeing what happened was the point of the class. Did they care about following instructions? Of course not. Did they care about reading the first chapter before the first class so they already were familiar with the potion they would be working on? No. The Gryffindors just gave him dumbfounded looks when he asked questions, the Hufflepuffs looked like they wanted to cry, big shock there, he thought sarcastically. The Ravenclaws weren't as bad but when he would ask a question, instead of just simply answering the question they practically gave a lecture as their answer. The Slytherins did what was expected of them without completely getting on Severus's nerves. Now all he wanted to do was have dinner, hear about Harry's day, and then after sending the boy to bed, put his feet up with a glass of brandy before tackling the summer essays his students had handed in. "How were your lessons with Professor Burbage and Professor Sinistra?" Severus asked over dinner. "Good," Harry said as he poured gravy on his roast chicken. Severus made a face. "Are you trying to drown the chicken?" Harry giggled. "No." "Make sure you eat all your vegetables," Severus instructed, although he didn't really have to. The child never made a fuss about eating vegetables. "I have homework," Harry announced when they were done eating. "Indeed?" Severus thought of the papers he had to grade. "So do I." At Harry's confused look, he explained. "Grading the dunderheads essays." Harry snickered. "And what is your homework?" "I have to do a worksheet on additions and I have to write two or three sentences of something exciting that happened to me this summer," Harry grinned. "I'm going to write that I found out I was a a wizard and got adopted." "That sounds like a very good idea," Severus said. After Harry did his homework and Severus checked it over, the little boy got ready for bed. Entering his room to tuck him in, Severus pulled out a small bag. "What's that?" Harry asked sleepily. "A little gift for you," Severus said, feeling out of his element. He had seen it in Diagon Alley and remembering how thrilled Harry had been when he had seen the owls, he pulled out a soft, stuffed white owl. Harry's emerald eyes sparkled. "For me? Really?" He reached out and took the soft toy, hugging it to himself. "My own plushie," He whispered. He had so many things that were his own now, clothes, shoes, even toys. And he never went without meals anymore. And he didn't get told he was worthless or a freak, and no one slapped or kicked him anymore. It finally hit Harry that he was adopted, that he had someone who cared about him. He was safe. "Thank you," He murmured as he began to fall asleep, hugging his owl tightly. "You're welcome," Severus whispered, feeling foolish that he felt so touched that Harry liked his gift. It was just a little stuffed animal, after all. But he had a small smile on his face as he left the room, leaving the door slightly ajar. Malfoy Manor Narcissa walked into Lucius's office, trying not to look as nervous as she felt. She couldn't show how she actually felt, he would perceive it as weakness. She had to be careful around her husband, he was a cold and cruel man. She didn't love him, although she had tried to when they had first married. In front of others, he treated her like a queen. In private, he treated her like a nuisance. She knew he didn't love her and though he had been proud when Draco was born, he didn't show their son any love or spend time playing with him. He did spend time telling Draco how important he was, how they all needed to have pride in the Malfoy name and how pure-bloods were superior to muggle-borns and half-bloods. Narcissa had never agreed with that, and neither had her sister Andromeda. Her sister Bellatrix on the other hand had been like their parents, believing that the dark lord had the right idea on purging the wizarding world of anyone who was not pure, who did not follow him. Narcissa had been so relieved, so thankful when news of Voldemort's death had reached them. Lucius had been furious and Narcissa had pretended to be upset but she had a feeling Lucius saw through her. "Is there something you want?" Lucius asked impatiently from his desk when he noticed her hovering. "I'm busy." "Forgive me, Lucius. I can come back," Narcissa offered. "No, just tell me what you want," Lucius said, setting down his quill. "I was thinking of putting Draco in daycare once a week," Narcissa said casually. "He is receiving proper instruction from his governess of course, but I believe it would be good for him to be around children his own age." "He sees the children of my associates from time to time," Lucius said dismissively. "Yes but I believe he would benefit from routinely being around children his age. Social skills are so important, do you not agree, dear?" Narcissa leaned on the side of his desk. "Our son is a natural born leader and it would be good for him to start developing his strengths and making connections." Lucius leaned back in his chair and stapled his fingers together, his cool gray eyes observing her. "I must say I am pleased to hear you say that." Narcissa gave him a small smile. "I want the best for Draco, never doubt that." "What sort of daycare would you look into?" Here she would need to tread carefully. "I heard of a pure-blooded witch who was thinking of running a once a week daycare. She would help the children interact with each other, let them do arts and crafts as well as bring any homework they need help with." "Who is this woman?" Narcissa took a deep breath. She had a friend, one of the real friends she had, who wanted more for her daughter than to be a death eater. She had been the one to tell Narcissa about Molly Weasley's daycare. Marina and Paul Davis both were happy to have the dark lord gone and wanted their daughter, Tracey, to grow up not being prejudiced about one's blood status. Paul's grandparents were muggles, after all. "A friend of Marina Davis. She is looking to have Tracey entered. Both her and her husband were Slytherins so it is likely that Tracey will be as well. I'm not sure who the other children will be," She lied. There was no way she could say Harry Potter would be one. She couldn't put the poor child in danger and she knew Lucius would love to get his hands on the boy. "It is only one day a week and of course, if we see that it is not helpful to Draco we will pull him from the daycare." "Davis? Trying to arrange Draco's marriage already, my dear?" Lucius smirked. "If that is the case, I believe the Parkinson girl would be the better choice. Her parents were loyal followers of the dark lord." Narcissa gave a light laugh. "No, dear. It's too early to think of that, isn't it?" There was no way she would have Draco enter an arranged marriage and risk being as trapped and unhappy as she was. "Never to early to think of the boy's future and what will look good to the Malfoy name." Lucius said. "I want that boy to be a son I can be proud of." He already is! Narcissa wanted to scream. She held her tongue and nodded. "You're right. Now, about the daycare?" Lucius waved her away. "Fine, fine. Keep me appraised of his progress." Narcissa resisted the urge to grin. She kept a cool look on her face and nodded. "I will. Thank you Lucius." She turned to leave his office but his next words stopped her. "Perhaps we should contact Severus and see if he wants his newly adopted brat to join," Lucius said with a sneer. "It would be easier to get my hands on him." Narcissa froze. "First I would see what, if any, powers he has," Lucius said thoughtfully. " "Somehow, that brat caused the dark lord's downfall. The dark lord was concerned that he was prophesied to be a powerful wizard, I would love to see if there are any signs of it." "Tell me you are not afraid of a five year old," Narcissa scoffed, speaking without thinking. What should she expect though? The dark lord had been afraid of a mere baby. Lucius slowly rose and stepped towards her. "Do not mock me," He hissed. "Are you forgetting your place, Narcissa?" Narcissa pasted a fake look of repentance on her face. She wanted to get her way on this and antagonizing her husband would not help her. "Forgive me, Lucius. I have been concerned for our son. I want to give him the best of everything and every opportunity we can give him." Lucius walked over to her, grabbing her arm and giving it a hard squeeze. "What a dutiful mother you are," He mocked. "If only you would put the same time and attention into being a proper wife, one I could be proud to have on my arm when we go out." "I do my best to please you," Narcissa said quietly. "Do better," Lucius let go of her arm. "I have big plans for this family and I need to know I can count on you. As for our discussion, I want weekly progress reports on how Draco does at daycare." "Of course, Lucius," Narcissa said, relieved. She relaxed, too much, that she was caught unaware when Lucius slapped her. She stared at him, resisting the urge to rub her stinging cheek. "Just a reminder to give me the proper respect," Lucius said, giving her a look of abhorrence. "You don't want me to find you replaceable, Narcissa. If that happened, I would make sure you disappeared and give Draco a more worthy mother." He smirked and closed the door in her face. Narcissa finally rubbed her cheek, seething. She longed to curse him, to even kill him. But she couldn't risk getting sent to Azkaban and being separated from her son and Lucius had spies in the house with the house elves. Only one of them was loyal to her. She wouldn't get away with hurting him and she wouldn't be able to take Draco and run far, not with all the contacts Lucius had. She was trapped and all she could do was try and protect her son. HP Severus was very surprised to see Narcissa Malfoy waiting for him in front of his office. "Did we have an appointment that I am forgetting?" Narcissa shook her head, her blonde hair pulled back in its usual bun. "No. I was hoping to get a chance to talk with you. It won't take long." Severus opened his office and gestured for her to enter. "Take a seat." Narcissa sat in front on his desk and smirked slightly. "I feel like I am back in school and in trouble for something." Severus raised an eyebrow. "Did you get in trouble a lot? I don't remember that you did." Narcissa gave a light laugh and shook her head. "Not too much. I was going to talk to Albus but thought I should run my idea by you first. If you do not feel comfortable with it, then I will drop the issue." "What is it?" "I would like Draco to attend Molly Weasley's daycare on Fridays." Severus stared at her in surprise. He didn't think the Malfoys, especially Lucius, would want a Weasley taking care of their son. He knew Lucius considered them blood traitors. Suddenly his eyes narrowed. "May I ask why?" If Lucius thought he could get at Harry this way... "I know what you are thinking," Narcissa said quietly. "I assure you this is not a way to hurt Harry in any way. I want my son to have interaction with other children," She explained. "He sometimes sees the children of Lucius's colleagues but the atmosphere..." She trailed off. "I would like him to have something different." "And Lucius is okay with this?" Severus asked suspiciously. Narcissa cleared her throat. "Yes. Of course, I neglected to tell him who was running the daycare. See, Marina Davis ran into Molly in Hogsmeade and heard it. She wants her daughter Tracey to join. So I told Lucius it was a pure-blooded friend of Marina's. I added that it would be a chance for Draco to grow in social skills, a chance to make connections." She sighed. "Severus, I don't believe in that blood purity nonsense. I never have, nor has my sister Andromeda. Unlike my parents and Bellatrix." "Ah, yes Bella was a mean one," Severus murmured. "Lucius remembers her as deliciously cruel," Narcissa grimaced as she thought of the horrid things her sister had done, especially what she had done to the Longbottom's. "The Burrow is warded, Albus did it himself," Severus said slowly. "But I would not want Lucius anywhere near there or my ward." "I wouldn't either," Narcissa said sincerely. "I could send Draco to the Davis's and he could go with them to the Burrow. I do not even have to go there, just to be safe. Believe me, Severus. I would not do anything that would let Lucius get near Harry." She shook her head. "Lucius wants to know if there are signs that he will be a great, powerful wizard. One like the dark lord feared." "He is just a little boy," Severus said stiffly. "A normal, little boy." "I know that," Narcissa said with a nod. "Now, I just need to know if you would mind Draco attending Molly's daycare" She looked at him pleadingly. "You can contact Marina and her husband Paul, if you have questions for them. I would even subject myself to Veritaserum to prove that I have no ill will towards your son. I will take a wizards oath as well, if you want me to." She continued on. "I will speak with Draco about not telling Lucius who the daycare provider is and not to mention Harry's name." Although he rarely did this without warning, Severus used his Legilimency skill when he looked into her eyes, just a surface look and saw that she spoke the truth. "I have no issue with it," Severus said at last. "But understand that if anything happens to Potter, if you set him up in any way, I will make sure you live to regret it. If you get any inkling that Lucius is suspicious, you must let me know immediately." "I understand, and yes, I will immediately message you if I feel Lucius is up to anything regarding your son." She looked at him thoughtfully. "You adopted him," She said slowly. "Why do you call him Potter and not Harry?" Severus looked surprised. "I – didn't realize I still did that." "You might want to start calling him Harry," Narcissa said a little teasingly. She stood. "Thank you for your time. I will talk to Albus about Draco joining Molly's daycare, as well as I would like to offer my assistance in letting him know of any plans Lucius makes in taking over the dark lord's plans." Severus raised an eyebrow. "That could be dangerous." "It would be more dangerous for Lucius to try and take over the wizarding world," Narcissa said seriously. "Narcissa," Severus hesitated. "Why do you not leave Lucius?" Narcissa paused. "And bring about the scandal of divorce?" She gave a small laugh. "I suppose I keep hoping he will change and well, Draco loves him." She admitted. "Lucius may not be as warm and loving as I wish he would be towards Draco but he hasn't hurt him." She stood, not wanting to admit how much she truly feared her husband and that she was afraid to leave him. "Thank you for your time, Severus." "Good day, Narcissa." Severus stared after her, contemplating their conversation. TBC:
