For some people lying is an easy way out. For some people, it's the most simple thing ever. But for Valentine Lestrange, it was her entire existence. -- Valentine Lestrange hummed contentedly as she stared out the large window of her bedroom. The grey clouds loomed above the manor and its large green grounds. Not only was it always gloomy there, but the air was always cold and the sky was always dark. This was something that was simply expectedby the residents of the manor. Besides, a place like Malfoy Manor was hardly worthy of sunlight. The small girl who sat upon the window seat turned her head to the several suitcases carrying her belongs that sat beside her grand four-poster bed. This year she was eleven years old, this year she would attend Hogwarts School of Witch Craft and Wizardry for the first time. This year her work would truly begin. She'd been waiting for almost three years for the day her life would take a drastic change of pace. The emotions mixed together in her chest, making the distinction between excitement and anxiousness impossible. Valentine was pulled from her thoughts when she heard a knock at her door. "Who is it?" She called from her place at the window seat. Her voice carried a remarkable concoction of boredom and malice. A mixture she'd perfected over the years. "It's Haley, Miss!" Her maid called back to her through the wooden door. "Come in." Showtime. There were certain things Valentine had to do to fool everyone who met her beyond the shadow of a doubt. Friend, family, foe. It didn't matter who they were for her mission was of great importance. It was easily the most important thing she would ever do. Even then, before she had begun, she knew. The dark-haired maid entered the room and shut the door behind her, arms full of freshly washed linen. "I thought you were supposed to have that done hours ago." Valentine stood with her hands on her hips and a blazing glare in her electric blue eyes as she looked upon the older girl. "Well, Miss, it's-it's just that..." The maid stuttered, frozen in fear of the small girl, fearful of what she might do to her this time. "Haley..." The girl scolded darkly, taking one small step towards the maid. "Do you need me to remind you of what happens when you fail to perform your duties properly?" "No, Miss." The girl mumbled, completely frozen with dread. "Are you sure?" Valentine asked, suddenly right beside her and brushing her dark hair aside, whispering darkly up at her. It has to be done. This could save her life, this could save a million lives. The maid jumped, her heart pounding harshly against her rib cage, her skin cold to touch and covered with goosebumps. If I succeed it will save millions of lives. "Y-y-yes, Miss." I have to save those lives. "Then you better get to it, Haley," Valentine whispered dangerously, her electric blue eyes telling a silent story of hate and loathing. I have to succeed. Haley rushed to replace the linen on her bed, her hands still shaking. It's all for the sake of my reputation. All of this madness. "Oh, and Haley?" Valentine could feel the guilt hidden far at the back of her mind. She ignored it as she had for years and hoped it would stay there, fearing the havoc it would play on her mind if ever unleashed. "Yes, Miss?" Valentine smirked coldly and placed her fingertip lightly on the edge of a vase sitting on a small table by the door. She gently pushed it over the side. The maid jumped as the vase crashed to the hardwood floor with a sickening crack, ceramics shattering in every direction. "Clean that up." I'm so sorry.
Valentine stood in her newly tailored Hogwarts robes, surrounded by other students and parents at platform nine and three quarters. She narrowed her eyes at a small boy with strawberry blond hair as he bumped into her. The scathing glare she sent had the child huddling into his mother side, who stood oblivious to the entire exchange. Valentine sniffed in indignation and looked out into the bustling crowd around her. So many people with one destination. She watched silently as mothers and fathers bid good by their children and as other first-year students looked around themselves with the wonder that Valentine fort to contain. "They'll just let anyone in here, won't they?" Draco Malfoy sneered coldly at the bustling crowd around him, the parents and children both. He wrinkled his nose in the way he'd been taught to at those he considered to be below him. "That does seem to be the state of things." Valentine arched a judgemental dark brow as a large familybustled past noisily. "How revolting." "Now, you two remember our discussion, I trust?" Lucius Malfoy, Valentine's uncle and Draco's father asked, towering above them with like the imposing force they both knew he was. "Yes, sir." Valentine and Draco answered in perfect unison. Valentine's mind drifted back to a night-time discussion just over one week ago when her uncle had called both her and her cousin into his office. 'Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.' This is what he had told them both. Valentine had caught his meaning, Draco, however, needed some further explanation. He wanted them to become friends with Harry Potter. That was his cold request, no room to deny it. Draco hadn't dared to ask why but Valentine had. This seemed important. Lucius had revealed with a dark grin that if Harry Potter had been strong enough to do away with Voldemort himself once before, that could only mean he was incredibly powerful. His eyes had glimmered with future plans. He hadn't said anything else, leaving Draco confused and for Valentine to explain in full once they were alone. Draco's chest had puffed out with pride at a mission from his father while Valentine had stayed up late to think about this. She wasn't sure how this would fit into Dumbledore's plans, but there wasn't a great deal she could do until the time come. If she had to act alone, then Potter wouldn't be joining them as a friend. If he was truly meant to end Voldemort once more, he was better off doing it from the other side. Valentine's aunt, Narcissa Malfoy smiled elegantly down at them both. She was a tall woman with stormy silver eyes settled into a stern gaze. Her fine, thick coat and perfectly styled hair gave her a regal, untouched appearance. She looked every bit the aristocratic woman she was. That was how she had always looked to Valentine and despite her austere appearance, both Valentine and Draco knew how loving she truly was, especially in contrast to her husband. Narcissa reached out a gentle hand, caressing Valentine's raven curls and then brushing away imaginary dust from Draco's shoulder. "And most importantly do not in any way disgrace the family name," Lucius added, his icy blue eyes burning through them both, hand tightening on his walking cane. "Or the repercussions will be severe. Is that understood?" "Yes, sir." Draco and Valentine answered in perfect practised unison once more. Neither of them was fond of drawing negative attention from the harsh man, especially given his usual choice of punishment. Valentine knew that she had typically little to fear other than guilt when it came to such things. "Good." Lucius tapped his son's cheek once, and a little too roughly Valentine suspected from Draco's flinch. Draco knew better than to back away and Valentine knew better than to voice her displeasure at seeing her cousin be treated as such. "You know your place, Draco," Lucius said. "You be sure that others know their's." "Of course, father." Draco nodded eagerly. Valentine fought the urge to roll her eyes. Draco was always vying after his father's harsh attention and she could never quite figure why. She certainly found no need to search for it so fervently. She usually tried her best to avoid it. Lucius didn't say anything to her as he turned to his wife. "Say your goodbyes. I can't stand another second in this place." He spat. "Yes, dear." Narcissa turned to Valentine and Draco once more. "Bye now, my love." She kissed Draco's forehead and he weakly pushed her away, not wanting to be coddled so in public. "Promise you'll write as soon as you can. And look after Val and Leah." "I will, mother." Draco stepped back so she couldn't kiss him again. Narcissa just sighed and shook her head. She touched his temple lightly, watching him quietly for a moment. Valentine supposed she was already feeling forlorn at having her only child taken from her, and for so long. Valentine had read about that kind of thing in books. A mothers love was often seen as an unfailingly powerful thing. Narcissa then moved her sliver gaze to Valentine and she took a quick step back, almost running into someone else on the platform. "Now, Val." Narcissa tutted and reached for her all the same. She pressed a kiss to the top of her head like she had her son. Then she pulled back and brushed a thumb under the girl's eye, other hand organising stray locks of her wild curls. "Oh, you've both gotten so big." "Have I?" Valentine said drolly, knowing that she was in fact, quite small. "Do try and keep out of trouble, my love," Narcissa said seriously. "Why do you always assume the worse of me?" Valentine quipped. "I know what you're like." Narcissa let her hands drop, with a knowing, serene smile. "Remember to write. And try not to tease Leah to harshly." "I would never." Valentine let a small, devilish grin form on her lips. "Dear," Lucius spoke up again, pocket watch gripped in one hand, tone impatient. "Of course." Narcissa sighed and reached for Draco one last time. Both Valentine and Draco immediately backed away them. "Go on then." The woman sighed and gestured to the large scarlet red locomotive behind them. "I love you." Valentine and Draco stared at her for a waning moment. "She's talking to you." Valentine leaned in and whispered to her cousin. "Oh for the love of-" Narcissa rubbed at her eyes. "Get on the train." "Yes, mother," Draco said quickly, snatching up Valentine's hand and starting to pull her towards the Hogwarts Express. Once aboard, the two immediately begun sought out an empty compartment but found most were already full. They both glared at an older boy who hurried, barreling down the narrow aisle, pressing themselves to the wall. Students laughed and talked amongst one another loudly, Valentine often had to tug Draco out of peoples way. A mother stuck her hand in through an open window holding a book. "Don't forget this!" "Crap!" A girl in blue, grey and black robes leapt forward from a compartment to grab at them. "Thanks, mum!" "You'd lose your head if it wasn't for me!" "Love you too!" Valentine and Draco had to wait for the girl to go back into the compartment before moving on. "Val! Draco! Over here!" The two turned back the way they had come and as a student moved, they revealed a to flailing arms attached to a tall girl with long caramel waves of hair reaching her waist. Draco's hand tensed horribly in Valentine's. "Look! Here! I'm over here!" "I say we go the other way." Draco made a face. "She's already seen us." "I'm just saying we should run before it's too late." "And don't even think of running! I know where you live!" The flailing girl added, one arm smacking a passing student in the face. "Do you ever regret every decision you've ever made?" Draco sighed. "Only when she's around." "Guys! I can literally see you standing there! My grasp is not one that you can escape!" "Well, she's not wrong." Draco huffed and started towards the girl. "That's the way!" She cooed at them. "That's a good Val and Draco!" "I say we wedge her under the wheels," Valentine spoke decidedly. "I was thinking more along the lines of just pushing her in front of it." "Simple and elegant." Valentine shrugged. "It'll do." "Oh my god! I've missed you so much!" The girl exclaimed, attacking Valentine first. She wrapped her long, rope-like arms around Valentine in a tight embrace and squeezed with more strength than a girl so skinny should have reasonably had. "We saw you only last week, Leah." Valentine shoved her away none to gently, something she would have felt worse about if Leah's hugs weren't so life-threatening. "I know. I mean, weeks practically forever!" Leah insisted brightly, dark brown eyes warm and sparking with an asine kind of innocence. Draco scoffed and then froze in terror as Leah's attention immediately switched to him. "Draco!" She threw her arms around him next, ruffling his hair. "I missed you!" "Yeah, well, that makes one of us." Draco tried his best to push her away as Valentine had but Leah was quickly restricting like a hungry snake. Her impossibly long arms held him tightly in an inescapable grasp. She nuzzled her cheek against his affectionately. "Let me go, idiot!" Draco brought up a hand between their faces to push her's away. "I can't breath!" "Leah." Valentine snapped at her and the girl promptly froze. "You can kill him later." "Okay!" Leah them unentwined herself from the gasping Draco, big happy grin on her face. Leah Lovat was Valentine's and Draco's closest friend, besides one another, of course. Not that one could tell with how they tended to interact. But, they'd, in fact, known each other since birth. The Malfoys and Leah's family, the Lovats had maintained a close friendship over the last several generations. Neither Valentine, Draco or Leah could recall a time before they had known each other. Being born only weeks apart meant they were as close to triplets as they would ever get. Not that they could have passed for triplets or even siblings for that matter. Each one was a world apart in both appearance and personality but despite that, they had formed the kind of friendship that came with being forced together whether they liked it or not. They were simply doomed to be a trio. "Oh! Follow me!" Leah clicked her fingers, seemingly remembered something. "I'm already making friends!" Leah looped one arm around each of their shoulders and lead them into the compartment they'd found her shrieking from. Inside the compartment, were two boys and a girl that turned to look at them. "Val, Draco. This is Crabbe, Goyle and...Fiona?" Leah says, first pointing at the two chubby boys, then to the girl. "Pansy." The girl corrected. "Pansy Parkinson." "Oh, wow." Leah blinked. "I was way off. Anyway! This is Valentine Lestrange and Draco Malfoy! We're best friends!" "I would prefer it if you didn't associate me with this idiot," Draco said smoothly and sat. Valentine sat beside him, ignoring the others across from them. Just remember, you're not nice or kind or friendly. If someone's not uncomfortable, then you're not doing it right. You've been working on this for two years! There's no way you can screw this up. Then she noticed the girl staring. She had black hair cut into a bob and a nose so upturned it looked as though someone had thrown her into a wall at birth. "Hello." Valentine nodded to the girl, eyes cold and penetrating without much effort. "I'm surprised you never bothered to fix that." Pansy touched her hair and face self-consciously, unsure of what Valentine was pointing out. Leah then wedged herself between Valentine and Draco, immediately launching into a story nobody was listening too. Soon after they felt the train lurch forward as they began to move. "What kind of names are Crabbe and Goyle?" Draco sneered at the two boys across from himself. "There are family name's." Goyle explained, seemingly too thick in the skull to be insulted by the obvious jab. "My names Gregory and Crabbe is Vincent. I mean, he's still Crabbe, but he's Vincent too. Not like they're different, they're the same but..." At that point, both Valentine and Draco had lost interest in the boy's verbal diarrhea. Valentine sincerely hoped that these were not the kind of friends Leah would insist on keeping around. She could already tell that she would get tired of them quickly. "Hey, I heard that Harry Potter is on this train." Said Crabbe, suddenly gaining their attention, leaning in towards the middle of the compartment as if he was telling a very important secret. "I heard the same thing." Goyle agreed. "Do you think he really has the scar?" Leah whispered, her own story forgotten, big brown eyes glowing. "Perhaps. We'll just have to wait until we see him," Draco said with an indifferent shrug of his shoulders. "See how the reality compares to the legend." "Poorly, I would imagine." Valentine scoffed cynically. At that moment compartment door slid open to reveal a pretty girl with a head of unfortunate bushy brown hair. "Excuse me, but has anyone seen a toad around? A boy named Neville, a few compartments down, lost one." She asked with a polite smile. "Nope." Said Leah with a decisive nodded. "Not me." "Does it look like there's a toad around here?" Said Pansy sneered at her lightly. "Exactly. So move along." Draco waved coldly at the girl, earned a blush from Pansy as he agreed with her. "Yeah, move along," Crabbe grunted. "You're quite rude." The girl frowned, polite demeanour forming into something more like an annoyance. "I've seen a toad," Valentine leaned forward with a smile just a bit too sweet. One that Draco and Leah knew not to trust. "Where?" The girl asked, her eyes filled with hope that maybe one person in the whole compartment was of decent character. "Why standing right in front of me, of course," Valentine replied innocently, the sugary smile faded to a smug one. Around Valentine, the compartment burst into rumpus laughter. The girl turned bright red in embarrassment and then turned away, grumbling something about beings of low intelligence. "That was awesome!" Cried Leah, laughing loudly, before she abruptly paused and pursed her lips. "I don't get it." That was cruel. "Nice one, Val." Draco shot her an amused smirked. No, it wasn't. "Thanks." Valentine returned indifferently. Lie. --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine sat in the small boat beside Draco, Leah, and Pansy, who now seemed to be following them. Although the other students had been so mystified by the boats that moved by themselves through the night or by a half-giant man named Hagrid who had collected all the first years at the station, Valentine found herself with her eyes glued to the glittering surface of the water watching the ripples go by softly. It seemed more beautiful to her than all the trinkets of Malfoy Manor and she couldn't help but wonder what was beneath that glistening layer of liquid. She'd heard all the tales about mermaids and other mystical underwater creatures, this caused her to internally battle with her curiosity. "Oh, my, God! Val! Look, look!" Valentine looked up from the water at the shouts of her friend, who was currently shaking her arm hard enough to dislocate it. "Leah, stop shaking the bloody boat!" Draco hissed at her. "What is it?" Valentine asked, looking into her friend's shocked face, her voice laced with biting annoyance. Leah stretched out her arm forward wordlessly, eyes wide. Valentine then found her own eyes migrating up the other girl's arm to the very tip of her finger. Then they landed on the biggest building she'd ever seen. It was a castle sitting high atop a hill looking down over the lake. The way the windows glowed with warmth and the stars and moon framed it from behind, it was practically storybook. Valentine had never seen anything like it. --Pretending to Hate-- Once inside the castle, the cool night air had seemed to disappear completely. Despite the stone structure, it held a kind of warmth the Malfoy Manor simply didn't. The first years had been directed up a flight of steps and Valentine walked with Draco and Leah on either side. Pansy, Crabbe, and Goyle trailing behind them like lost strays. They rounded the corner and were faced with a woman, standing before a set of large dark wooden doors. Valentine took a moment to study her. She was a tall, elderly woman in a long dark green cloak. Her greying hair was pulled back tightly beneath a black pointed hat. Her face was hard as the stone they stood upon that night. She watched them calmly, pursing her she waiting for them to come to a halt. Contrary to all that, her soft blue eyes told another story of misunderstood kindness. "Welcome to Hogwarts." The woman began, her voice firm and authoritative. "Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin." As the woman mentioned the last house Valentine and Draco shared a knowing look. Slytherin was a word they are heard often enough throughout their childhood. "Now, while you are here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn your house points. Any rule-breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup." "Trevor!" All of a sudden a boy with dark hair jumped forward from the crowd and wrapped his hands around a toad lying at the woman's feet. The other students giggled to themselves as the boy flushed bright red in his embarrassment. He looked up at the woman, freezing for a moment from her unimpressed gaze. He quickly apologized and moved back into the crowd. The woman seemed to roll her eyes without even doing so and then cleared her voice again. "The sorting ceremony will begin momentarily." She then turned from the first years and entered through the door behind her. Valentine scanned the crowd of her new classmate's cooly. She had never seen so many children her own age in one place before. She wondered how she would feel about them once they became more than just nameless faces. Then her eyes landed on a boy with glasses and messy black hair standing at the front. She knew instantly who this boy was. Unlike the others, he wasn't nameless for she already knew it. In fact, they all knew it. Dumbledore had told him what he looked like when they last spoke two years ago, that way Valentine would know who she was looking for. He was rather ordinary looking, she decided. Circle frame glasses and all. He didn't look like a grand messiah, but then she supposed she didn't look like a secret protector. Appearances could be deceiving that way. Draco seemed to realize who it was she was staring at because he stepped forward. She then remembered her uncle's request and moved to follow just behind him. "It's true then, what they're saying on the train." Draco's confident tone drew everyone's attention, eyes trained on the other boy. "Harry Potter has come to Hogwarts." The students turn to each other whispering about the famous 'Boy Who Lived'. "Do you think it's true?" It is. "Do you think that he really has the scar?" You bet. "Sounds like a load of bull." Wrong. "This is my cousin Valentine and that's Leah." Draco continued, gesturing to each girl. "And I'm Malfoy. Draco Malfoy." The red-haired boy beside Harry Potter snickered at his name, barely biting back a smile. "Think my name's funny, do you?" Draco immediately snapped, sounding every bit the condescending rich boy. "No need to ask yours. Red hair and a hand me down robe? You must be a Weasley." The red-haired boy's eyes lowered, almost ashamedly at the ridicule. Honestly Draco, your all bark no bite. "You'll soon find that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter," Valentine added, stepping up beside her cousin, taking the stance of some sort of dangerous guard dog and glaring down at the red-haired boy. "You wouldn't want to go around making friends with the wrong sort." "We can help you there," Said Draco, extending a hand to the other boy with a thin smirk. Harry didn't even give the hand a considering glance. "I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks." Valentine wanted to laugh. She hadn't been expecting such a strong response to bite back at them. I'm impressed. His clear blue stare suddenly seemed less young and mystified. For a moment she thought, that maybe, just maybe, this boy could really make a difference. Draco glared darkly and Valentine's eyes narrowed into a vicious glower. The temperature in the room seemed to drop several degrees. "How dare you-" Valentine's voice was cut short by a tap on her shoulder. She and Draco looked up the woman returned who had returned. One last heated glare, and then Draco grabbed Valentine's like he was afraid she would attack the boy none the less. Then they stepped back into the group beside Leah. Valentine could tell that she'd already left a lasting impression by the way students were eyeing her nervously. "We're ready for you now." Said the woman as she turned to lead them through the grand doorway into a large room with more faces then Valentine thought she had ever seen. The first thing that Valentine noticed wasn't the roof of the hall that had been enchanted to appear to look like the night sky or the vast amounts of students all around her sitting at four long tables stretching across the room. No, the first thing she noticed was the table at the back of the room where two familiar men watched. Her eyes lightly glanced over the teacher's faces, not stopping even a fraction when they passed effortlessly across the two familiar faces of Professor Albus Dumbledore and Professor Severus Snape. Only once Valentine had finished scanning the teachers and the rest of the hall did she notice her friend clinging to her arm beside her. Valentine looked down at Leah's face to see her biting her bottom lip, her eyes squinted with harsh, unyielding concentration. "Leah," Valentine arched a brow at her. "what the world are you doing?" "I'm trying to hold in all my excitement." She answered through clenched teeth as though the words took a great effort, not to the scream instead of whisper. Valentine just rolled her eyes and shoved the girl off her arm. Leah, I swear you're from another planet. "All right, will you wait along here, please?" The woman directed them. "Now, before we begin, Professor Dumbledore would like to say a few words." Then all eyes in the room were glued to one man who stood from his chair and flashed everyone a smile unbefitting the stories that surrounded him. "I have a few start of term notices I wish to announce." Professor Dumbledore began, his voice effortlessly filling the hall. "The first years please note that the dark forest is strictly forbidden to all students. Also, our caretaker, Mr. Filch has asked me to remind you that the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you." I feel like I should be more surprised that he said that, but I'm really not. The students all turned to each other, eyebrows arched with an unasked question that not even Leah dared to ask. "When I call your name, you will come forth, I shall place the sorting hat on your head, and you will be sorted into your houses." The woman spoke up once again to begin the sorting ceremony. "Hermione Granger." Valentine watched as the girl with the memorable head of hair step forward from the crowd and sit upon a stool. The girl sported a slightly worried expression as an old weathered hat was placed upon her head and then begun to talk aloud. "Ah, right then...hmm...right. Okay..." Once the hat had finished with it's mumbling and chuckling it announced loudly; "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat continued on sorting. Student after student joining their houses. Valentine wondered if the older students ever got tired of clapping for every first year. Are they really that excited for every student? The hat continued with its placing, sending students to one of the four tables to join their new houses. "Ow." Suddenly Valentine's ears picked out a sound of distress a few students in front of her. What was that? Is someone hurt? "Harry, what's wrong?" She heard the Weasley ask Harry. "It's nothing. I'm fine." Harry insisted. It's Harry Potter? What's going on? Moving as covertly as she could Valentine moved closer to The Boy Who Lived. Once Valentine had a good view of Harry Potter's face she found him staring directly into the eyes of Severus Snape, who was staring straight back at him. This was not an ideal event in Valentine's book. Well, that's a bloody fantastic way to start things, isn't it? Snape looks like he wants to vomit. Thinking quickly, she crushed her foot down upon the student next to her. The brunette cried out in pain and turned to glare angrily at Valentine. "Oh, so sorry," Valentine said, flashing the girl a smile too sweet to be truthful. The girls hazel eyes widened ever so slightly at Valentine's dead-eyed gaze and quickly averted her eyes. Valentine looked up to see the staring contest between Harry Potter and Professor Snape had stopped but instead found the Professor now looking directly at her, dark eyes brewing with irritation. "Val, what was that?" Draco murmured in her ear. "Nothing important." She shrugged him off. She titled her chin to the stewing Professor and proceeded to ignore him. She was watching Leah trying to tie two long locks of her hair into a bow from the corner of her eye when she heard her name being called. "Valentine Lestrange." The room was now completely silent as she moved swiftly up to the wooden stool and sat upon as if it were a throne. She made it look easy and nonchalant, but that was because she had taken care to hide how she had used the momentum of moving up the steps so quickly to subtly fling herself upwards. As scary as she was, she was still at least two inches shorter than everyone else in her year. Her eyes scanned the vast crowd of students with cold eyes. They stared back, watching her nervously in the quiet. She didn't blame them for staring at her so obtusely, she did, after all, have a widely known and widely feared name to live up to. A name she would most certainly live up to if things went according to plan. Then she felt the old hat touch her head and shout, 'SLYTHERIN' without a seconds deliberation. She had already known what it would say. Valentine let a light smirk drift on to her face and climbed down from the stool before making her way down the stone steps and to the only table cheering and clapping. She glanced down at the green and sliver serpent crest now embroidered on the breast of her robes. And that was it. She was now a Slytherin student as her entire family had been before her. "Leah Lovat." The next name was called, almost directly after her own. Valentine's head snapped up to watch. "Oh! OH! That's me!" Valentine watched Leah's arm stick up far above the first years, waving wildly. The girl quickly bound up the steps, long legs taking them like they were nothing and despite having no need to like Valentine, she half catapulted herself on to the stool, almost taking the whole thing down with her. Several students giggled at her antics, but Leah seemingly took no notice in her excitement, getting comfortable as the hat was placed on her head. A streak of dread bolted through Valentine. If Leah was placed somewhere other than Slytherin, things could turn very sour for her. The hat hummed in contemplation before scowling. "Good Merlin, girl! Could you at least attempt to calm your thoughts!" It scolded her. "It's like a maze in here..." Leah snatched the hat off her head and held it in front of her with a frown. "What would you know?" She pouted. "You're just a hat." Valentine fought the urge to march up there and slap her. She loved Leah, she truly did. But she had one of those...unique personalities that rendered her a rather acquired taste and Leah's particular flavour happened to be a moron with a side of lunatic. "Excuse me." The woman grabbed the hat from her and gave her a steely, level stare. "Shall we continue?" "Um," Leah swallowed. "Sure." The woman placed the hat back on her head and the hat sighed gravely. "This may take a while." The hat grumbled. "I've never seen such a mess." Leah stuck out her bottom lip and slouched in the chair, waiting. At least a minute passed before the hat growled in annoyance. "Oh, to hell with it! SLYTHERIN!" The Slytherin table gave a rather unsure round of applause as Leah skipped towards where Valentine sat with a wide grin. "There's always at least one nut..." The hat grumbled to itself, earning a disapproving stare from the woman. "Look!" Leah grabbed the front of her robes and thrust them at Valentine. "Hiss, hiss!" "Sit down." Valentine yanked her harshly on to the seat beside her. "Your mother would slaughter you if she was here." "Well, she's not, now is she?" Leah beamed before striking her fist up into the air. "Freedom is mine!" "Shut up!" Valentine growled, forcing her arm to drop. "Draco Malfoy." The name announced drew the attention of them both, even Leah turning to watch her friend be sorted. Draco made his way up confidently to the stool, chin tilted upwards, shoulders square. His father could never bear to see him slouch. Valentine didn't even blink when the hat had shouted out 'SLYTHERIN!' before it had even touched his head, just like it had with her. Draco hurried towards him but Valentine could tell he was fighting to keep his pace casual as to not seem overly excited. "Draco!" Leah was standing again waving his arms. He almost looked as though he wanted to sit at another table to simply avoid her. "Leah." Valentine hissed low and threatening and she quickly dropped back into her place. Draco stepped past Leah, purposefully sitting on the other side of Valentine. He shot her a proud smile. As far as he knew, they were right where they were supposed to be. He was at least half right. His smile quickly faded and turned to a hateful glare as the next name was called. "Harry Potter." Here we go. Suddenly once again the hall slipped into a heavy silence, even Leah didn't dare to break it. Valentine sat and watched. Instead of looking towards Harry Potter as he made his way towards the stool and the sorting hate, she watched Snape's eyes as they narrowed and Dumbledore as he openly leaned forward in his seat. The secret the three of them shared was far more important than what house Harry Potter was to be sorted into. The boy with glasses sat upon the chair and listened as the hat began to mumble. "Hmm...difficult, very difficult. Plenty of courage I see, not a bad mind, either. There's talent, oh yes, and a thirst to prove yourself. But where to put you?" Valentine's ears twitched as she heard older students a few seats down, betting on what house the Boy Who Lived would be placed in. "Not Slytherin, eh?" The hat asked the boy. Draco scoffed under his breath at that. "Are you sure? You could be great, you know." The hat continued. "It's all here in your head. And Slytherin will help you on your way to greatness! There's no doubt about that! No? Well, if you're sure. Better be...GRYFFINDOR!" The hall erupted into thunderous clapping as Harry made his way to his house table. Valentine could hear someone smugly saying 'pay up' and another person giving a pained groaned. "Bloody typical," Draco sneered beside her before his eyes begun to cloud over with worry. "Val, fathers not going to like this, you know. "I'm afraid he'll have to get over it." Said Valentine, sounding more confident then she felt. She didn't want to bring down her uncles wrath any more then Draco did. "Like he'll just accept that," Draco grumbled. Valentine grabbed his cousins face in a firm grip and pinned him with her gaze. "We're not at Malfoy Manor anymore, cousin." She hissed lowly. "While we're here, he can't do anything to us." Draco nodded shakily and she let go. Valentine turned back to watch the sorting process continue. She never liked intimidating Draco so, but it was part of who she was trying to be. While she watching a short boy being sorted into Hufflepuff, she became faintly aware of a pair of eyes looking directly at her from the teacher's table. She didn't bother to look their way. She already knew who it was. They'd been shooting each other looks at night, after all. --Pretending to Hate-- Snape's P.O.V I watched in silence as more and more of the brats I would have to deal with this year were sorted into their houses. Hufflepuff, Hufflepuff, Slytherin, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Gryffindor again. And this year among all the other brats was that boy. Potter. The boy was the spitting image of his infernal father, except for his clear blue eyes. His eyes were just like hers...but thoughts like that were dangerous, deathly even. The Potter's were all useless ingrates. Yes. That was a far more comfortable way to look at it. Useless and lazy, letting others do the hard work for them. And now I would have to teach one. Just the thought was infuriating. If Dumbledore really wanted the boy safe he should have just locked him up somewhere. But, no. Of course, that would seem inhumane, not that there was anything an ordinary human could handle in this situation. "Ow! Hey!" All of a sudden my thoughts are interrupted by, surprise, another first-year brat. I look to the student who had screeched so abruptly to find them glaring at girl with startlingly vibrant eyes. It was obvious that she had stepped on the other student completely on purpose, this I could tell by the smile on her face that she didn't even attempt to make apologetic. But it wasn't what she had done that caught me off guard it was how she looked. This was not the first time I had seen the girl and it still took me aback, even for that brief moment. I had seen her several times when she was too young to remember such things and again two years ago when Dumbledore had recruited her to aid in Potters protection. Even then she had looked reminiscent her mother, but now no one could ever argue that she was not the child of Bellatrix Lestrange, even with her father's strikingly electric blue eyes. "Valentine Lestrange." She stepped forward from the first years, an air of control and ease about her. She was making her first impression but the hat did it for her. "SLYTHERIN" It cried as it barely grazed the top of her curls. Seemingly pleased with the result, she headed for the Slytherin table. It felt like Rodolpus Lestrange was right there in the room and not in some cell in Azkaban. There was no resemblance, no slight familiarity. Those were his eyes and yet they were on the face of an eleven-year-old girl. If it hadn't been for those eyes, she wouldn't have looked like anything but a Black. Just like Bella, she sneered at each and every Gryffindor, each and every Muggle-Born. A perfect little spoiled, prejudiced, brat emulating the parents she couldn't remember. Rodolphus, her father, was a silent and plain man who had only been married to Bellatrix for social purposes, there had never been any kind of romantic element to their partnership, but I'm sure their obsessive love of violence and devotion to Voldemort helped to some degree. And then there was Bella. Sadistic, blood-hungry, certifiably insane Bella. From the moment I'd met her, she been nothing but a psychopath. Their daughter, however, was undoubtedly different, for all her looks, for all her act of sneering. Father's eyes, mothers hair, none of that matter once her mask dropped. Although her performance as the only daughter of two psychopaths and the niece of one of the oldest names in the wizarding world was going exceeding well, as it pained me to say, I still carried doubts that the girl could continue with the role until the plan was completed. In this matter, I had no choice but to take Dumbledore's word for it. If he believed the girl could do it, then there was some kind of merit to it. That didn't make my teeth grit any less. She was entitled and far too outspoken for one to young. Just a few minutes with her served to make my blood boil. Her and her stupid snide comment about everything and anything. My hands tighten into fists on the tabletop. There was nothing to be done. She was involved and that was the end of it.
Valentine followed the crowd of Slytherin first years as they were led deeper and deeper into the depths of the school by a tall blonde girl, the Slytherin prefect. The Slytherin dorms and common rooms were in the dungeons of the castle and Valentine briefly wondered how dramatic Salazar Slytherin really needed to be. Valentine's aunt had said the common room was amazing. She had described the place as being wrapped in a cloak of shimmering silver and green with a roaring fireplace coloured a brilliant Slytherin emerald. Valentine could hardly wait to see it for herself, walking silently with the Leah and Draco at her sides, who were most certainly not silent and were bickering between one another about nothing important. Valentine had already begun to map the castle out carefully in her head as they steadily descended. It proved to be even larger than the outside had suggested. After a time of walking and only vaguely listening as Draco did his best to describe all the ways Leah was an idiot, the Slytherin prefect turned and smiled at the group. Behind her stood a plain brick wall. What's going on? It's a dead-end... Even Draco and Leah's quarrel fell away to nothing. "What I am about to show must never be shown to any member of any other house," Said the girl, her words stern and serious, a contrast to her smile. "You must all promise to never tell a soul." The students around Valentine nodded sincerely, eyes wide, all watching closely at the girls every move. She placed her palm against the stone wall and spoke firmly and clearly. "Pureblood pride." Then all the students looked in baffled amazement as the stones began to move and shuffle, rearranging themselves into a large archway. They all turned, whispering excitedly to each other. It's just like the secret tunnels back at Malfoy Manor... "Awesome." Valentine heard Draco mumbled beside her, keeping his voice low. "Oh. My. Gosh. That was so cool!" Leah exclaimed excitedly, practically jumping on the spot, tugging hard on Draco's arm. "Is it?" Valentine stared at her plainly. "Are you kidding me? Where's your enthusiasm? That was one of the best things I've ever seen!" Cried Leah incredulously. The prefect clapped her hands, pulling everyone's attention once more. "The password changes once every term. You must remember the password." She continued. "Nobody wants to be stuck out in the halls all night, especially with Flich stalking about." The girl turned with a flick of her ponytail and motioned the first years to follow her into the tunnel that lay beyond the archway. "I heard he's a Squib," Draco whispered to Leah. "Huh? Who?" "Flich." "Oh. Gross." The two snickered to one another. The students scrambled excitedly behind the girl, all wanting to get to the common room as quickly as possible. They walked down the short hallway, fire-lit torches on the walls igniting to light their way. Soon they reach a set of dark wooden doors and the prefect knocked three times upon it. The doors swung open with great force and Leah gave a little squeak. What lay before Valentine was not what she had pictured but did not pale from the description her aunt had given her. The fireplace stood tall and proud, the stone walls were the home of emerald and silver tapestries. Several leather couches were spread out about the large room and on the other side were two stone archways. And, of course, since they were in the dungeons and underground the windows on the far wall displayed a murky, midnight blue view of the lake. The first years were completely silent in their obvious amazement, even Leah was at a loss for words. Valentine looked about, her face as neutral as ever. It was grand. As grand as the manor, she'd grown up in. If she was entirely honest, she didn't feel the striking thrill she should have had. It was the prefect's voice that called out to the other students and pulled them from their daze. "The doorway on the left leads to the boy's dormitories and the girl's dormitories are on the right. All your luggage has already been placed in your dorm rooms. There are three students to each room, there will be no room changes, so get used to sharing. Lights out at nine o'clock. Be proud that this is your house and enjoy your first night as a member of Slytherin." With that, the girl turned and left the common room. At first, all the students stood, softly whispering to one another like they were afraid to shatter the quiet the prefect had left them in. That was only until Valentine spoke up. "Well, then. I'm not going to just stand here gawking." She stepped apart from the group, her voice a cold vice. She nodded to Draco. "Don't die while I'm gone." "Same to you." He scoffed. Valentine then turned on her heel and headed for the doorway on the right. "Oh! Wait for me!" Leah cried out quickly stumbled forward to follow her. As they started up the steps Valentine could hear the first years immediately grow louder. It seemed that Valentine had broken the seal of their nervousness. The stairs veered off further to the right, tilting upwards higher. Beacons of fire attached to the wall lit one by one as they passed to lit their way. "I hope we're in the same room together." Said Leah. "Like, seriously. I'm going to cry so much if we aren't. Oh, God. Val. What if we really aren't?" "Then maybe I'll actually get a decent nights sleep." "Don't be mean!" Leah pouted and looped her arm with Valentine's. "I just want us to spend as much time together as possible!" "Of that, I am painfully aware," Valentine said snidely as she elbowed her away. They reached a long, wide, nondescript hall lined with wooden doors. Each door had a piece of parchment attached to it, each bearing three names. Valentine quickly began the scan the one's closets, planning to work her way along. Leah, instead, rushed up and down the hall, peeking at the pieces of parchment at random. Surprisingly, Leah found their names first. "YES!" She announced, triumphantly falling to her knees, fists raised over her head. "YOU! ME! SAME DORM! I SHALL SHED NO TEARS TONIGHT!" A handful of girls turned the corner and stared at Leah in shock and confusion. "Leah," Valentine shot her a glare. "Get up or you'll regret saying that." Leah stuck out her tongue childishly and instead of getting up, she grabbed the door handle go their room and twisted it. She pushed the door open and then threw herself sideways off her knees into the room with a loud 'thunk'. "What the...?" One of the girls asked aloud, questing hanging unanswered in the air. Valentine glowered at the girls darkly and they all seemed to back up as a unit. Valentine tossed a curl over her shoulder went into her dorm. The rooms' furnishings were simple yet still rather lavish. It consisted of three four-poster canopy beds lined up across the back wall, draped with sheer emerald green curtains. The sheets and pillows were silk and velvet, a few shades darker than the curtains. The tall headboard of each one carved with the Slytherin crest. There were dark wood bedside tables at the head of each bed with a lamp sitting on each, the glass lamp shades a marbled opaque malachite. There was a large desk and vanity mirror against the wall beside the door and a large trunk at the foot of each bed that Valentine and Leah were yet to find had been charmed with an undetectable extension charm. The room seemed to be washed in the same dark green as the common room had been, having no choice being completely windowless. Leah scrambled to her feet and catapulted herself onto the bed furthest away. "Mine!" She claimed happily. Leah then rolled off the bed with a loud 'thump' and then started to crawl across the floor to get to their trunks sitting near the door. Valentine watched her plainly for a moment and then sighed. She kicked the door shut behind her and dragged one of her trunks towards the bed furthest from Leah, leaving one unclaimed in between them. Leah set to work laying out her brightly coloured bed sheet over the ones already there and placing her stuffed animals in order, all thirty-one of them, while Valentine unpacked her clothing and school books. She had never cared much for trinkets that had no meaning to hear. The little she did own had been left behind at Malfoy Manor. What she did take with her were books, all of her favourites. They went about their work without talking, Leah humming to herself a rhythm that made no sense. A knock at the door caused the two girls to exchange questioning looks. "Oh. Right." Leah blinked. "Three to a room." "Did you read her name?" "Nope." Leah's shrugged, dropping herself heavily back onto her bed. Valentine rolled her eyes and moved over to the door. She opened it, revealing a small girl with shoulder-length brown hair and pretty lime coloured eyes that were almost as bright as Valentine's own. "Um...good evening. It seems I'm your roommate." The girl answered her voice small and meek, like a shy little mouse. "Oh, you're so pretty!" Leah launched herself off the bed and towards the girl. "Hey there! I'm Leah Lovat, the one and only. And you are?" At first, the girl jumped, stocked at Leah's sudden outburst. "O-oh, I do apologize. I'm Olivia Benson." She held out one small hand. "Pleasure to make your acquaintance, Leah." Valentine almost wanted to laugh at her shy reserve. Maybe she's in the wrong house? What was she even apologizing for? She might just get eaten alive in this house. "OH. MY. FREAKING. GOD. Aren't you just the cutest thing ever!" Leah exclaimed throwing her arms around the other girls tiny frame. "I could just eat you up!" Olivia gave out a startled shout as Leah almost vaulted her over. Valentine had already decided that she liked her. She had never met a girl so meek that it seemed to impact her physical appearance, making her seem even smaller. It was the kind of demure, timid character she had only read about. Valentine's only real experience with another girl her own age was Leah and this girl wasn't anything like Leah. Valentine felt the indescribable need to protect this little mouse, even if she herself, was a cat. "Your soooooo adorable, Olivia! Like a doll almost!" Leah squealed, her arms entirely wrapped around the complete and utter stranger. Valentine then realized that her friend seems to be accidentally choking their new roommate. "Leah." She said firmly, as of she was scolding a misbehaving dog. "Let her go." "B-b-but." Leah pouted, like a spoiled child. "Leah," Valentine repeated staring down her friend, her bright blue eyes cold and commanding. "Fine!" Leah huffed, ran over to her bed and buried herself amongst her pillows and stuffed creatures. "Ignore Leah, if you can. She's an idiot and harmless at the best of times. But if she gets too much, she responds best to threats of violence." Valentine threw Olivia a glance as she went back to her belongings. "Oh, um, okay...yeah...no, it's fine..." Olivia gushed, turning thirty different shades of red at once. "Well, are you going to come in or not?" Said Valentine. "Close the door." "Oh! I'm so sorry!" Olivia hurriedly stepped into the room, shutting the door as asked. "Um, sorry. I didn't get your name?" Asked Olivia, tucked both hands behind her. "Lestrange." The girl fell silent. Frozen where she stood, her lime green eyes wide with surprise. "Is something wrong?" Asked Leah out of nowhere, now leaning over Olivia, seemingly done with her sulking Olivia jolt on the spot from Leah's sudden appearance. "No! I mean..." She trailed off nervously. "So, is...Bellatrix Lestrange your mother?" "She is," Valentine answered, casually, shutting the lid of her trunk. "And you live with the Malfoys?" "Yes." I guess with a family like mine would seem interesting if you were on the outside looking in. "Your like...pureblood royalty," Olivia whispered in complete and utter disbelief. "I suppose we are." Valentine shrugged, where the barest hint of a smirk. "Anyway, this will be your bed! Right next to mine!" Leah beamed happily as she guided Olivia to the other side of the room. "I'll help you unpack if you want." "Oh, no. It's fine. Please don't trouble yourself." "You are just too cute! Like a polite little bunny rabbit!" Leah squealed loudly. Valentine rolled her eyes at Leah as she put several books in the drawers of her nightstand. Leah went on to introducing Olivia's plush teddy bear to all thirty-one of her own stuff animals and Valentine easily slipped out of the room, unseen by the two of them. She had a meeting to attend and had to make her leaving the common room either unknown or easily justifiable. She went the way she had come, older students now milling about also. Stepping into the common room, she heard a familiar voice call out to her. "Val!" Valentine turned to find her Draco, standing amongst a group of students. Probably boasting about his impressive family lineage again. "Draco." She said greeting her cousin, who had broken away from the crowd and been followed by Crabbe, Goyle and a dark-skinned boy she remembered vaguely from the sorting. "Val. This is Blaze Zambini." Draco introduced. "He's in my dorm." "Nice to meet you." The boy said with a kind and cheerful smile. "Hi," Valentine answered simply, purposely giving the boy minimal attention. "Does anyone know what it is time?" She asked, and the group began to look around the room for a clock. "It's about seven-thirty." Answered Blaze helpfully. Valentine shot him a passing glance, not exactly one of thanks but a glance all the same and then turned to her cousin. "I'm going for a walk before lights out." "Don't be caught out after nine." He warned quickly "I won't be." She answered flippantly. "I'm serious, Val." He said firmly, attempting to stare down his cousin. "So am I." Valentine shot back. Her own gaze defiant to her cousins. How could she convince him that this wasn't Malfoy Manor? They didn't need to be so wary of Lucius Malfoy anymore. There may have been rules here too. It was a school, after all. But Lucius Malfoy was not the one enforcing them and she considered that to be a decent change in status. Draco, however, thought differently, always too busy trying to find ways to impress and unimpressible man. "Um...Draco, how about a game of chess?" Blaze interjected, obviously trying to relieve the building tension in the room. "Sure." Draco agreed. He knew he couldn't win against her and she knew that he knew. With one last glance at his cousin he turned and walked away, the group following behind him. Valentine turned on her heel and promptly left the common room. She made her way through the many corridors of the school's dungeons, students still awake and about, although starting for their common rooms. Her mind floated to the time she'd been within these walls before. A time when she'd been welcomed into a secret only shared by three. Two Years Ago-"Val! Mother said its time to come inside!" Draco Malfoy called out to his cousin from the front steps of the Malfoy Manor. "Val! Where are you?"He came down to the edge of the garden, scanning all he could see for her.Normally Draco wouldn't be worried. Both he and his cousin had spent their whole lives at Malfoy Manor and Valentine was outside in the gardens almost every day, and by now she knew them like the back of her hand, but as he looked up into the darkening grey sky his panic grew.If Valentine did not return soon his father might take it out on him and once Valentine did return, most likely on her as well. That all depended on his current mood and if he was satisfied with just one of them."Val! It's not funny!" Draco continued to call for Valentine. It wasn't rare for her to purposely do things to frighten him. "Come on, it's going to rain!"If he had gone into the gardens himself to find her it would take far too long. Then he could be punished simply for that.Then Draco, with no choice turned away from the front lawn and started up the front steps of his grand home.Meanwhile, far from Draco's earshot, Valentine Lestrange was out in the gardens.She ran down the cobblestone walkways, her boots thudding loudly as she went, just enjoying the freedom of being able to act her age and not a single year older. Then she stopped abruptly in her tracks mid-step and looked down at where she was about to place her foot.A snail. Moving slow and leaving a slick and shiny trail behind it.Valentine suddenly jumped back, afraid she might lose her balance and crush the snail beneath her boot.She crouched down on her hands and knees, studying the bug up close.Then Valentine thought about how she had almost stood on the living creature without even knowing.Anyone could do what I just did, but they might keep walking...Valentine reached down and plucked the snail up from the ground by its shell."Don't worry, Mr Snail." She whispered as if she was worried about scaring it. "I'll find somewhere safe for you."Valentine scanned her surroundings looking for a place where the snail wouldn't be in danger of being squashed.She spotted an empty stone vase sitting beside a stone bench along the walkway. It was purely for decoration and so never actually used for anything.Valentine walked slowly in small steps as if she was worried about dropping the snail. Then she placed the snail on the rim of the vase and smiled as she watched it start to move again."I wonder where it's going?" Valentine asked to no one, which is why she jumped when she heard a response."Perhaps it does not even know itself."Valentine turned to find and old man with a long grey beard and kind wrinkled face standing before her.He was familiar. She had seen his face only this morning at breakfast. Her uncle had been reading the Daily Profit and the man's face had been on the front page."I know who you are," Valentine said, her back straightening as she took several steps back, her words clear and clam. "Your Albus Dumbledore. Head Master of Hogwarts.""You are correct, Miss Valentine." The wizard said smiling. He paused for a moment as she stared back at him before speaking again."Are you not going to ask how I know who you are?""Forgive my words, sir," Valentine's words dripped liquid sarcasm that was strange to hear so vividly from the lips of a nine-year-old. "but I'm not in the habit of asking stupid questions. Everyone in the wizarding world knows the Malfoys and Lestranges. It wouldn't be difficult for you to find out who I am."At that moment, gone was the young girl concerned with saving a snail. Instead, she had been replaced by a sharp-eyed being with an even sharper tongue."Indeed. You do come from a famous lineage." The old man appraised, eyes twinkling from behind spectacles."Did you come here to talk about my family or is there another reason?" Valentine crossed her arms over her chest, not softened by his politeness. "Because I'm sure you know you're trespassing. If my aunt or uncle finds you here, there will be trouble for you.""Getting straight to the matter at hand then." He nodded, seeming to become somewhat more serious than before. "I have a proposal for you.""A proposal?" Valentine repeated in reply."Yes. This is something only you can do." His eyes sparkled all knowingly."What is this proposal?" Valentine asked, her eyes narrowed, however heryoung curiosity more than peaked."Just like walls, trees can also have ears. Perhaps we should talk about this elsewhere." The wizard extended his hand out to Valentine."Disapparation?" She asked plainly."Yes, indeed, my dear.""My stomach doesn't exactly handle it...well." She said, making a face at a memory.The man laughed at her almost comical display."Well, it is the quickest way to get to Hogwarts.""Hogwarts?" Valentine's eyes widened but only a fraction.Dumbledore nodded and took a step towards her.She held her ground."Take my hand." He commanded gently.Valentine looked at it. She was far too intelligent not to be suspicious of this famous elderly wizard who had appeared in the gardens looking for her. And she was far too intelligent not to be confused as to why she felt she could trust him. After all, knowing a person and knowing about them was certainly not the same thing.She knew this could all be a horrible idea, but her curiosity mixed with confidence had always been something of a welcomed curse.Valentine reached out gingerly, biting her lip and as soon as her hand made contact with his they disappeared.
So far during Valentine's brief time at Hogwarts, she had been able to establish quite the reputation. She wasn't just a Muggle despising Slytherin, but a frequently violent Muggle despising Slytherin. Such a short time and everyone already had heard wind of her habit of pushing students in the halls or stepping purposely on their toes. Now naturally such things as stepping on other's toes is not the height of violence, but even a push can seem like a challenge to battle in the young eyes of an eleven-year-old. And it often was her eyes that allowed her to get away with what she pleased. Her dark glare was practically unmatched unless you counted the steely stare of Severus Snape. Despite her Pureblooded Slytherin status, the two openly despised each other and it had become quite the dramatic affair. Snape may have hated Harry Potter for existing, but he most certainly despised Valentine for opening her mouth whenever she pleased. Which was often. The other students were sure Snape had never singled out two students so immediately before. They had no idea what Harry had done to deserve it. But in Valentine's case, they weren't nearly as sympathetic. If Hogwarts biggest bullies wanted to bully each other, who were they to say otherwise? Absolutely no one if it meant becoming a target themselves. Whenever Valentine found herself in the position of abusing a fellow student she was quick to corner off the sections of her brain that would have her feeling pity for her unfortunate victims and when she saw the tears brimming in their eyes she immediately plastered her face with a look of satisfaction before the pesky emotions could arise. So far, she had done what she'd been training herself for and from what she had observed, she had done a pretty decent job. It was with the same students they were making enemies of that Valentine and her group of old and new found friends made their way to the inner courtyard of Hogwarts where they would have their first flying lesson. Valentine reacted to most of her classes with hidden anticipation. She wanted to see what she had already learned and what she hadn't. If anything, her ego certainly delighted in seeing how her intellect compared with others her age. She'd had years with only Draco and Leah as a comparison, by now she had met those much smarter and those much duller. But flying lessons were not Transfigurations or Charms or Magical History. Flying was flying and flying was not typically her strongest of skill sets. The students grouped in the courtyard, chattering among one another. "This will be easy." Draco boosted. "I've never actually flown before." Blaze threw a hesitant glance at the two lines of brooms. "Hmm. Me neither." Liam nodded. "Father says my skill is very impressive for my age," Draco added. When did he say that? If I recall, you got a solid 'Well done'. "My parents wouldn't even let me learn." Leah pouted. "That's because they didn't want you to die." Draco poked at her shoulder. "Their mistake." "Your so mean!" "And you're so stupid!" "Please, don't fight." Olivia grabbed Leah's arm tenderly. "Then maybe we should gag her." Draco sniffed and looked away with a scowl. "I'll gag you with my foot!" Leah shot back "Good afternoon, class." Said Madame Hooch as she strode onto the field, giving Leah and Draco a look. She was a tall woman with bright golden eyes, hawk-like eyes and short silver hair. "Good afternoon, Madame Hooch." The students answered her in perfect unison. "Good afternoon, Amanda, good afternoon." Madame Hooch repeated, as walked down through the two lines of students. Then she turned on her heel to face the first years. "Welcome to your first flying lesson. Well, what are you waiting for?" She gestured for them to take their places. "Come on now, hurry up." Everyone stepped up to the left side of their broomstick. "Stick your right hand over the broom and say, up!" Said Madam Hooch. The air was immediately filled with multiple cries of 'up!' and followed several shouts of success and failure. At everyone held the aptitude. Valentine looked down to the left to see a plain wooden broom laying on the ground parallel to her. "With feeling!" Madame Hooch's added as she studied the many attempts. "Up! Up! Up, up, up!" Leah cries beside her. "Arg! Stupid thing! Up! Why won't it listen to me?" Beside Leah, Olivia stands shyly, meekly holding out her small hand. "Up! Please up!" Olivia says uncertainty colouring her soft and frustrated voice. "Up...please?" Valentine turned to Draco who was also surveying the other students. Draco and herself had already learned how to fly a year ago on her uncle's wishes. Draco had taken to it immediately, but it had taken Valentine a few more lessons before she had been able to control the broom. It was one of the few things that had actually taken her effort. She had been glad that Draco had had something all to himself, something to impress his unimpressible father with. When she caught her cousin's eye, he smiled and gave her a knowing look. It may not have been her finest area of expertise, but she could certainly command a broom to listen. "On three?" He asked. Valentine nodded in response. "One..." Said Draco. "Two..." Added Valentine. "Three..." "Up!" They shouted together, voices firm. Both handles flew directly into the palms of their hands. They turned to each other, Draco's face plastered with a self-satisfied grin, even Valentine spared a smug one of her own. Liam and Blaze were standing parallel to the two of them. Liam looked rather impressed while Blaze seemed almost bitter. "Oh, hey!" Liam grinned as his own broom shot up into his hand. "I did it!" "Oh, come on!" Blaze whined, frowning down at his uncooperative broomstick. "What the hell is wrong with this thing?" Leah laughed and pointed at him, finding great amusement in his struggle. "Oi! I don't get to be all superior when you broom hasn't moved an inch!" Blaze shot back at her. "It seems I'm not having much luck either." Olivia laughed nervously. "Don't worry!" Leah bumped her should against the other girl's. "I'm sure you'll get the hang of it." "How come you're so nice to her but you treat me like dirt?"Blaze frowned. "That's because Olivia is special and you're just annoying." "Leah Lovat," Blaze gave her a level glare. "I barely know you and I already want to beat you to death with this broom." "Hmm. Yeah, that feeling doesn't go away." Said Draco. "Now, once you've got hold of your broom, I want you to mount it." Madame Hooch instructs firmly. "And grip it tight, you don't want to be sliding off the end. When I blow my whistle, I want each of you to kick off from the ground, hard. Keep your broom steady, hover for a moment, and then lean forward slightly and touch back down. On my whistle...three...two..." Suddenly Neville Longbottom's feet left the ground and he gave a startled 'oh'. "Mr Longbottom." Madame Hooch warned. "Neville, what are doing?" One girl cried out. Neville Longbottom had been a name Valentine recognised. It had been her parents who had tortured his own into insanity. Now, he was being hit with another bout of serious misfortune. "M-M-Mr. Longbottom." The teacher stuttered worriedly. "Mr Longbottom!" "Ahh!" The boy cried out, his voice filled with horror as he rose higher and higher. "Mr Longbottom!" Madame Hooch shouted for him again. "He can't even hold the damn broom straight." Draco laughed to him beside Valentine, seemingly unconcerned with the other boy's safety. "Neville!" Cried, Harry Potter. "Help!" The boy pleaded, as his broom shook hazardously. At this rate, he's going to fall! "Come back down this instant." Madame Hooch demanded but it did no good. All Valentine could do was watch with the others. It wasn't in her reach to help. Neville soared through the air wildly, broom threatening to throw him off at any second. Valentine felt her heart drop into her stomach. The boy had no control and no idea how to get it. He collided with a stone wall, bashing his broom along it and then swooping off again at incredible speeds. He screamed loudly as he was thrown around in the air like a rag doll. Valentine thought that at any second, he was going to fall. The broom took him lower and was suddenly flying back towards the group of students. "Help!" The boy screamed again, but they were all quite helpless to do much more than jump out of his way as he parted the crowd. Valentine grabbed Liam's and Draco's arms as they were the closest to her and pull them to the ground. She felt Draco grip at the back of her robes as they fell and she heard Leah cry out in shock somewhere behind her. Neville zoomed up the side of another building, screaming the whole way. "Are you alright?" Both Draco and Liam asked Valentine at the same time. "I'm fine." She said plainly, looking over at Leah, Olivia and Blaze who were picking themselves up off the ground unharmed. Draco's hand was still fisted in the back of her robes. Then Neville's broom was suddenly gone and he's falling. Valentine's heart dropped again. From that height, be could have broken his neck and died. But then his robes caught on a statue and it held in there, danglingly hopelessly. "Help!" He shouted down at them, looking every bit as frightened as he should have been. There was the sound of tearing fabric is heard as his robe ripped and he fell further. Again his clothes caught on a metal torch bracket and held up for a moment. Then he was falling again and hitting the ground with a pained cry. They all rushed towards him, crowding around the fallen boy. Valentine could hear Draco, Liam and Blaze snickering to each other behind her. "Did you hear how he was screaming?" "What a bloody wimp." "Everyone out of the way!" Madame Hooch shouted. She pushed through the group of students and hunched over the boy, speaking gently. "Come on, get up." "Is he alright?" Asked Hermione Granger aloud. Neville let out a pained hissed as Madame Hooch examined his arm carefully. "That looked painful" Olivia murmured. "You think?" Liam scoffed under his breath. "I dunno." Leah shrugged. "Looked kind of fun to me." "No." Liam shook his head. "It really didn't. "Oh, oh, oh, oh dear. It's a broken wrist." Madam Hooch deduced quickly. ''Good boy, come on now, up you get." "Look at this," Olivia spoke up again, yanking Valentine's attention away from the injured Gryffindor and holding up a clear ball in one hand. "I found it on the ground." "It's a Rememberall." Said Valentine, aching a dark eyebrow. Suddenly Draco snatched the ball out of the small girl's hand, his face showing a smirk both Valentine and Leah knew all too well. "Uh oh." Says Leah, in a sing-song tone. "Why 'uh oh'?" Olivia asked nervously. "Draco, what are-" Valentine was cut off by Madame Hooch, who was carrying the injured student away. "Everyone's to keep their feet firmly on the ground while I take Mr Longbottom to the hospital wing. Understand?" She ordered. "If I see a single broom in the air, the one riding it will find themselves out of Hogwarts before they can say Quidditch." "Watch," Draco said simply. I do not like where this is going. "Did you see his face?" Draco chuckled cruelly, speaking loud enough for the entire class to hear. "Maybe if the fat lump had given this a squeeze, he'd have remembered to fall on his fat ass." "Give it here, Malfoy." Harry stepped forward and demanded boldly, glaring at the blonde through his round glasses. "No. I think I'll leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find." Draco leapt up onto his broom leaning against it. He flew it in easy circles around the group, quick and precise. And now he's just showing off. Then he mounted it properly and soared off above the group. Bloody hell. He stopped to hover high above the ground, looking down at them all far to arrogantly for an eleven-year-old. "How about up on the roof?" He shouted down. "What's the matter, Potter?" Liam scoffed, standing at Valentine's side. "Bit beyond your reach?" "You should just let it go," Blaze added. "That idiots stupid trinket is hardly worth it." Harry's eyes narrowed into a glare at their words. Harry grabbed his own broom readying himself to take off. Hermione spoke out in protest. "Harry, no way! You heard what Madam Hooch said! Besides, you don't even know how to fly." She warned sternly. "You so eager to die, Potter?" Valentine arched a brow up at him, bright eyes piercing and sharp. God, I hope not. Harry ignored Hermione's pleading and Valentine's jab. He mounted his broom and raced off after Draco. By now, Valentine's heart was firmly nestled in the back of her throat. Her anxiety pushed back against her surprised that Harry had gotten off the ground at all. "What an idiot." Hermione sighed. I'm with her. Valentine felt fear coursing through her veins and knew it was not for her cousin. She knew full well that Draco could get out of anything if he had a broom. It was the boy who had gone after him that she was afraid for. Dumbledore had given her one task: Protect Harry Potter. And yet there he was, only days after finding out that magic even existed, flying after her cousin. What can I do? Everyone is here and watching. Neville got off easy, this could kill someone. "Give it here, Malfoy, or I'll knock you off your broom!" Harry threatened loudly. I've got to do something. Draco said something that Valentine couldn't hear and threw the Rememberall towards a stone tower across the courtyard. Harry raced past Draco, his figure blurring with speed. He zoomed towards the tower, not pulling back until he was mere inches short of the wall. A clenched his hand around something. The Rememberall. He had caught it. Valentine swallowed and could vaguely hear Liam cursing under his breath beside her. Harry was good. The kind of good that people noticed. He clearly had some kind of innate skill like Draco, but it didn't make her worry less. Natural ability couldn't save him every time. She pursed her lips hoped Harry didn't have a penchant for getting into reckless situations. She didn't want another occurrence like today. Nicely done Potter, but is there really a need to give me a freaking heart attack? --Pretending to Hate-- "Hey, Olivia?" "Hmm? Yes?" Olivia looked up at Leah who was half hanging out of the tree. "Can blind people see their dreams?" Olivia blinked in surprise. She opened her mouth and then closed it again unable to find an answer. "Leah," Said Draco, sitting in the branch above her. "Could you please, for once, not ask stupid questions?" "That's a stupid question!" "Only in response to your stupid question." Draco hissed. "You're both stupid." Valentine cut in from where she was sitting at the base of the tree besides Olivia. "And supposed to be studying." At that Leah made a loud, horrendous groaning noise. "But I don't wanna." "Fine." Valentine shrugged, still not looking up from her book. "Remain stupid forever. It's what we'd expect from you two, after all." "Hey." Draco frowned. "You could very well do better if you actually put in the effort." Draco just grumbled under his breath and huffed about for a little bit before he dropped down beside Valentine and Olivia. "Give me my damn book." "You're so very welcome, dear cousin." Valentine handed him his notebook. Draco just took it sourly and sat down. They were sitting in one of the school's courtyards, monopolizing a large tree. They really were supposed to be studying, or at least the others were. Valentine had begun to find some forms of study redundant if they were simply going back over what they learnt in class. Typically she could remember the lessons just fine without further memorisation. But the others hadn't been blessed with her memory, not that it made Leah or Draco anymore interested in their studies. Olivia was the only one who actually seemed happy to sit and work through her work. As for Blaze and Liam, the former certainly drifted into Leah and Draco's lane while the latter did actually but in the effort. The only reason they weren't here right now, either studying or suffering, was because they were serving out the detention McGonagall had given them for talking in class. Valentine couldn't quite figure when they had formed their little group exactly. They just seemed to fall together as the days roll on. Even Pansy, Crabbe and Goyle had noticed and stepped back as though they weren't welcome. And Valentine supposed that at the end of the day they really weren't. They cowered from her a little much, stiffened when she stood near. The others were certainly wary of her but not in a way that kept them away. The group they had created was rather exclusive that way and everyone seemed to know it. "Hey, Olivia?" "Yes?" "Have you ever thought about how if there was a misspelled word in the dictionary, we would never even know?" Draco leaned forwarded and pressed his face disparately into his open book. "I've known her too long to still be so annoyed by everything she does but it just never stops." Valentine lifted one hand and patted his shoulder lightly. "There, there." She said emotionlessly. "Why are you always so mean?" Leah dropped down to the ground, lowering herself to her hands and knees. "You've always something rude to say!" Draco blinked at her plainly as she crawled towards him, having to pause and hiss when she trod on her own hair. "Have I ever been any other way?" Asked Draco. "No." Leah flopped onto her back in front of Valentine and Draco. "But that doesn't mean you got to keep it up forever!" "Are you ever going to be less of a moron?" "Hmmmmmmmmmm." Leah hummed loudly. "I don't think so." "Then get over it." "Your such a jerk!" She glared at him. "I hope you get eaten by rattlesnakes!" "I hope you get set on fire in your sleep." "I hope you fall down ten flights of stairs." "I hope you choke on your breakfast." "I hope you get boiled alive." "I hope you get drowned by the giant squid." "I hope you get crushed by an actual giant." "I hope-" "I am this close to snapping." Valentine cut Draco off, slamming her book shut, eyes glowing irritability. Both Draco and Leah froze and glanced at her, Leah visibly swallowing. "Leah started it." Draco looked away with a scowl. "Well, I-" Valentine then cut Leah off with a vicious glare. Leah gulped and flipped onto her stomach. Valentine felt Olivia's gaze on her left and shifted her vision. "What?" She bit out. "Nothing!" Olivia's eyes widened and she quickly looked back down at her book. Valentine buried and sigh and looked out at the courtyard. They weren't alone, of course. Other students sat about, talking and making a poor attempt of studying. One group was beginning to be particularly loud. They were other first years, Valentine recognised several of them, a mix of Gryffindors and Ravenclaws she noted from their robes. They had been keeping to their own space but we're slowly getting a little too confident with their merriment for it not to be just a little obnoxious. "Someone needs to shut them up," Draco growled under his breath. "I can barely hear myself think." "Woah!" Leah gasped. "I didn't know you could think!" "That's it!" Draco snapped his book shut and smacked her on the forehead with it. "Ouch! Draco!" Leah rubbed at her forehead. "Val! Did you see what he just did!" "You're making me wish he knocked you unconscious with your whinging." Valentine's brow twitched irritably. "Go cry to Olivia." "I will!" Leah sat up with a deep pout. "Oliviaaaa!" "Oh, dear." Olivia sighed and smiled ruefully as Leah dragged herself across the grass to the girl. "I sat next to Harry Potter in class, you know!" That name caught everyone's attention and they looked back to the rambunctious group. "What? Since when?" A girl eyed the boy who had spoken dubiously. "When you were sick." "Uh-huh." "It's true! Ask Ryan." "What's he like?" Another boy asked. "He doesn't look all that special to me." "What does it matter what he looks like!" A small girl exclaimed. "He's The Boy Who Lived!" "Yeah, can you imagine defeating You-Know-Who as a baby? No one normal can do that." "Oi!" Draco was already on his feet before Valentine saw him stand. "Would you keep it down? Some of us are actually trying to study!" "Shove off, Malfoy!" The first who had spoken, a Gryffindor shot back. "What did you say to me?" Draco spat. "Chris stop." A Ravenclaw boy grabbed the Gryffindor's arm. "Yeah man," Another said. "It's not worth it." "Haven't you lot got anything better to do than gossip about that simp, Potter?" Draco glared over at them. "Just mind your own business!" "Maybe I could if you weren't practically screaming!" "Draco." Valentine stood. She didn't raise her voice. She didn't have to. Draco just barely glanced over his shoulder at her as she approached. The loud group had fallen silent, watching her with apprehensive eyes. Valentine crossed her arms over her chest, eyes glowing murderously. "Here I am trying to studying and all I can hear is a swarm of rats screeching about Harry Potter." Her tone was too casual to match the venom in her gaze. "Believe me when I say that there isn't anything about that idiot that warrants your attention. I suggest you find a better use of your time." "We can talk about whatever we want." The Gryffindor boy bit out, not sounding nearly as brave as he likely intended. "Bloody hell, Chris, stop." The Ravenclaw hissed. "Let's just go somewhere else or something." Said a girl. "Actually," They all paused when Valentine spoke again, taking a measured stepped forwards. "he's right. You can talk about whatever you want in the technical sense. But that doesn't mean I'll allow it." Valentine took a few more steps and several of the students inched backwards as if afraid sudden movements would cause her to attack. But that Gryffindor, Ryan, was caught like a screaming rabbit in a snare. He couldn't have moved even if he tried, the body is rigid, eyes wide. Valentine stepped closer. Now she was toe to toe with the boy. He had inches on her but seemed so incredibly small, dwarfed by her mere presence. "I'll only tell you once," Her eyes narrowed dangerously. "shut your goddamn mouth. If I hear one more word about bloody Potter and you'll wish you'd of stayed home with your mummy in whatever rat hole you were born in." Ryan swallowed hard and seemed to suddenly regain the ability to move. He half stumbled back, crashing into one of his friends. "You're insane!" He shook his head and pointed at her accusingly. The courtyard slowed and stopped to watch the commotion. "You might want to run then." Valentine lifted both her brows in light suggestion. "Wouldn't want to be around when I snap and kill someone, now would we?" "Let's go." The Ravenclaw insisted again, grabbing Ryan's arm and hauling him away, the others quickly following after them. Valentine watched them go, dropped her arms back to her side. "I had it under control, you know," Draco grumbled sourly behind her. "Father said it was my duty to remind people of their place." "Your father would also beat you half to death if he saw your grades in their current state." "He would never kill me!" Draco stared at her incredulously. "Why would you say that?" "Because he would?" She turned to him. "He's the head of the house, Val. How else is he supposed to keep order?" "Whatever." Valentine sighed heavily. "I'm not in the mood for your 'Daddy, please love me' crap." "Why are you like this?" Draco shook his head at her. "He's still your family no matter what you think of him." I suppose we're not counting the vast number of relative's that the family has outright disowned and abandoned, then? "Draco." Valentine hissed up at him, low and dark. "I said I'm not in the damn mood." She saw the fear in his eyes as he backed away slightly. She then shoved past him, heading back to the tree. Olivia and Leah were still sitting there, having watched the whole thing. Leah grinned up at her. "You scared them out of their shorts." "Are you sure they won't tell a teacher?" Was Olivia's question. They said blood is thicker than water and while that may be true technically speaking, Valentine didn't believe she should love her family indiscriminately because of it. Some of the people in her family weren't worth her love. She didn't need the kind of family bound by blood. To her, it seemed fickle and restricted. She threw a wry smirk at Leah as she sat. "It's hardly difficult to frighten a bunch of cowards." No, she had the family she chose. Blood played no part in the people she chose to love. It never had. Draco dropped back down beside her, still with an expression like he had swallowed a lemon whole. He was still close enough that their shoulders and knees touched. He didn't look at her but he didn't move away. They rarely apologized to each other for anything. They'd been taught that being sorry displayed a weakness that could never be shown to the world. They'd been told that succumbing to such base notions as apologizing was not appropriate for their stature. But they didn't need to apologies to say sorry. Valentine didn't shift away either and stayed where she sat, because they didn't need apologies they just needed to know that the other was there. Because down in the core of their being and their human instincts, they knew that if the other was still there, things were alright. Leah swung her long legs over Valentine's crossed ones, her feet in Draco's lap, head in Olivia's. It was like she was saying 'don't forget about me, guys! I'm here too!'. Valentine would have smiled had her situation allowed her. --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine paused at the fork in the hall. It only took her a moment to remember which way to go and then she was on her way. It was far into the night by now and the only thing that lit the halls was the moonlight streaming in through the windows. Of course, this couldn't be said for certain hallways that had no windows and were just long streaks of pitch black. Valentine was lucky that she had never been afraid of the dark as a child the way Draco and Leah had. The darkness had always been there. In their lives, in their families and it wasn't going away. Fearing it seemed rather pointless. Valentine peaked around a corner before stepping out and continuing. She hadn't been caught so far and she very much wanted to keep it that way. Prefects, professors, Flich and his cat. They all were all possibilities and she didn't want to discover any of them. This is just what some of her nights are like. Creeping through the halls to the Head Masters office. He'd promised her the meetings would get less frequent lest a situation arise. She didn't complain even if it snatched away her sleep. It felt like a petty thing to bring up when she knew how important this was. She made it to the office without any complications, the door opening for her before she reached it. I'm late. "You're late." Valentine rolled her eyes heavily at Snape as she entered and shut the door with her foot behind her. "It couldn't be avoided. Leah's stolen a tooth from somewhere and insisted on staying up to catch the tooth fairy." "That's is..." He blinked in mild confusion. "...rather disconcerting." "Yes, well, that's Leah for you." "Did she say where she took this tooth from?" Dumbledore spoke up from his desk, clearly curious. Valentine shoved past Snape quite literally and headed towards the large desk, moving up the steps to the raised platform boarded by curved staircases and walls line with books. "Whenever we asked she just told us that it was a gift from the heavens or something like that," Valentine said flippantly. "It's honestly quite normal for Leah." "Yes, she does seem to possess a rather unique spirit." Dumbledore chuckled. "To her parent's dismay, yes." Dumbledore just laughed again. He always seemed to find her words amusing whether she was making a joke or not. "I heard Potter's being made seeker of the Gryffindor quidditch team." Valentine dropped into a chair in front of the desk. "He is," Dumbledore confirmed. "Professor McGonagall was extremely impressed with his abilities." "As am I." Valentine sighed, slouching lower in the chair. "But that doesn't mean I'm going to enjoy watching him dangling a hundred feet in the air. Once was more than enough." "Then perhaps you should have acted." Snape sneered at her. "Oh, please do shut up, sir." Valentine didn't bother to look at him. "There was nothing I could do that wouldn't raise suspicion." "You forget where you are, Lestrange." He growled lowly. "This world isn't yours to command." "And neither is it yours." She answered swiftly. "Professor." "Do you see how she disrespects my every word?" Snape turned to Dumbledore, pointing accusingly. "Severus, I do believe Miss Lestrange is simply standing up for herself." Dumbledore peered over his glasses at him. "Am I not afforded some form of respect as a teacher?" Snape gritted his teeth. "You're hardly a teacher." Valentine scoffed. "You're just a big bully in a position of minor power." Snape sent her a scathing look of hatred over his shoulder, his hands gripped the corner of the desk tightly. "You talk too much." "You don't like it, do you? Someone putting your sorry existence into words?" "How can you except this?" Snape turned back to Dumbledore incredulously. "I knew bringing her into this would be a fool's decision!" "Severus, despite your reservations about Miss Lestrange's behaviour, I do still firmly believe that her involvement will be extremely beneficial," Dumbledore replied with perfect measured words. "Well, I do not." Snape hissed and turned on his heel, sending Valentine one last glare before he stormed from the room. The door slammed behind him like thunder and Valentine sighed contemplatively. "You know," She said. "I'm starting to think that he doesn't like me."
The moon hung high in the sky above Hogwarts that night and while Valentine's schools mates laughed, played cards and did homework she occupied herself with following Harry Potter. They'd passed her outside the library, not noticing her without her loud and constant companions. They'd been too busy locked in conversation. Dinner was near finished and she supposed they'd be going to their common room. This, she had thought, would be an excellent opportunity to check in on Harry Potter. Make sure he was staying out of trouble and living his life as carefree as could be possible in his position. And it was a better alternative than seeking out her loud, almost constant companions and listening to them whine about blood status and Harry Potter for hours. Dumbledore had been asking after Harry as he usually did when she met with them. Perhaps this time she would actually have something to remark other than 'he seemed fine when Draco called him an attention-seeking priss this morning at breakfast'. Draco, so far, had beenthe only one to question her sudden habit of being absent during meals or at night. When he had confronted her she had quickly shut up his questioning altogether. Her business was not his to dig around in. A well-placed glare made saw of that. Draco acceptedher answer with a grain of salt and let it lie. What could he have done otherwise? His cousin was a terrifying being and she was right, his father wasn't here to watch his every move. Now it was just her. Valentine knew all this and it made her chest ache in a way she didn't fully understand. It reminded of how she felt whenever she watched Draco punished by his father for his misdeeds. That horrid clenching in between her lungs. She ignored it and pushed it away. She didn't need to be distracted by her own guilt. This task of hers wasn't purposeless. They were in Gryffindor tower now and Valentine kept herself at a safe distance and unseen. Ron seemed like he could have been danced around, but Harry and Hermione were much sharper than that. "I'm telling you, it's spooky." Ron insisted. "She knows more about you than you do." "Who doesn't?" Harry replied. Valentine knew they would need to watch the staircases closely, knowing their penchant for changing whenever they wanted. "Ah!" There was a shout. "What's happening?" Asked Harry. Valentine peeked around the doorway as the very staircase the three Gryffindor's were on shifted and connected to another platform, cutting Valentine off them following them. "The staircases change, remember?" Hermione answered. "Let's go this way." Said, Harry. "Before the staircase moves again," Ron added. Well. I guess my road ends here. It's not as though they've done anything suspicious or strange. They'll probably just find another way around. As Valentine stepped out from hiding place, the three were opening a door and disappearing inside it. Is that...? That bloody better not be. Valentine bit her lip in annoyance. She had yet to ask Dumbledore why exactly the third floor was forbidden and now she was cursing herself for it. Was it something dangerous? Could she take that chance? Another staircase connected with the platform she now stood on. She followed it with her keen eyes. It would take her to the three Gryffindor's but she would have to be quick before the path was altered. Valentine stepped out onto the ledge and hurried up the steps after them, keeping her eyes fixed on the door. It only took moments of scurrying to reach them and now she was more cautious than ever, the three stood so close and she realised her mistake. If they decided to turn around, they'd see her. She could play it off like it was nothing, of course, but she would have rather not been caught at all. Luckily for her, they did not turn and only took tentative steps further into the darkness. "Does anyone feel like we shouldn't be here?" Harry spoke out, voice echoing through the dark and dusty corridor. "We're not supposed to be here." Hermione reminded him tersely. "This is the third floor. It's forbidden." As they moved in further still, Valentine saw an opening. She would have to be quick and silent as a corpse. So, she held her breath and slipped in through the doorway, immediately pressing her back against the wall. She could feel the spider webs clinging to her hair and clothes, dust swirling in her lungs with every breath. It was so strange to be standing so close to other people and yet them having no clue that she was there. Even a heavy breath could give her away. She was suddenly regretting following them in. I should have just spoken up or something. Started a fight and gotten them to stay away. But, no. I just have to do things the hard way. A torch bloomed with firelight on the other side of the room. Then another and another, illuminating the space. Valentine pressed herself back further and as the three Gryffindor's stared at the torches for a moment, she flicked the hood of her robe up over her head, completely covering herself in black. A sudden cats meow echoed down the hall and Valentine, hidden in the shadows froze as the three jumped and turned to stare at the animal. It sat in the doorway, watching with blood-red eyes, just feet from where Valentine stood. "That's Flich's cat!" Ron exclaimed, voice quaking with panic. "Let's go," Harry said immediately. "Run!" The three took off down the corridor, leaving Valentine and the cat. Mr's Norris didn't seem to realise that she was there at all and it took fighting her instincts not to move just yet because where Mr's Norris was, her owner was not far behind. "Anyone here, my sweet?" Flich appeared as if on cue. Valentine closed her eyes and for a moment she pretended she was Leah pretending she was a wall. Leah had done that for six hours straight once when they had been five. She'd been quite convincing until she opened her mouth. Flich glanced up and down the hall, seeing nothing. He then looked back down at his cat with a lecherous smile. "Come on." Flich moved back at the door, cat on his heels, shutting the door behind him. Valentine immediately let out a great heave of a sigh. Too close. Way too close. She stepped out into the middle of the hall, pulling her hood back off her face but not her head. It's too late to walk away now. They're here in an area that's forbidden for whatever mysterious reason. I can't just leave. So, Valentine headed off after them, staying near the walls should she need to hide again. As she came closer to the end of the hall, she could hear frantic shuffling and hissed words that slowly made themselves clearer. "...we're done for!" Ron exclaimed in despair. "Oh, move over!" Hermione groaned in frustration and more shuffling was heard. "Alohomora! Get in!" Valentine listened to a door swing open and the three stumble quickly inside. She arrived just in time to witness the door closing behind them. Valentine kept still for a moment, wanting to be sure that she was completely in the clear. Silence. She dared to step forward and press her ear to the door's surface. She could hear muffled voices but nothing else. She frowned and took her head away from the door, contemplating her next move. "AHHHHH!" Valentine immediately jumped back against the wall in shock just as the three Gryffindors came bursting through the door. She stared eyes wide as she watched the three struggle to close the door against what looked like the head of a huge dog. Her heart thumped against her rib cage. She could hear what sounded like multiple dogs growling and snapping their jowls at the door. What the hell? Is this the reason why this place is off-limits? Why the hell is something like that in a school! Whatever! That doesn't matter right now. I need to do something. If any of them had turned even a fraction to where she stood, there was no possible way she wouldn't have been spotted and it was certainly too early in the game for her risking the secret. Not if she could help without doing so. Valentine pulled her wand from her robes and gripped it tightly. "Colloportus," Valentine whispered as she gently flicked her wand at her side and begged God that the three Gryffindors hadn't heard her. The door abruptly slammed shut against the dogs huge head and the Gryffindors didn't stick around to see if the door would hold. Their thundering footsteps echoed down the hall as the three abandoned the third floor without a second thought. Valentine held her breath and counting to ten before gasping for air and stepping back out into the corridor. That had been the very definition of a close call. If she followed the three again, she would need to be much, much more careful then she had been tonight, but that wasn't the thought that occupied her mind. "It worked..." Valentine mumbled in disbelief before it gave way to genuine and unbridled happiness. It worked on my first try...the door shut on my first try! Bloody hell, I'm brilliant! Giddiness bubbled up in her chest like fireworks. She couldn't recall another time when she had been so absolutely proud of herself. Even if she had gotten herself mired in a less then favourable situation, she'd pulled through. And boosted her ego a little while she was at it. Loud growling rumbled out behind her and Valentine's head snapped back around to the door, wand at the ready. Well, then. Dumbledore has a lot to bloody answer for. The growling only grew louder and it sounded as though the dog had head-butted the door with a loud thump that echoed down the hall with the tail end of a whimper. At this rate, someone is going to hear it. How has it never been discovered before? And again. What the hell is it doing here? There was another thump and the door rattled on its hinges. The spell was holding but that didn't stop the growls and shuffling. It seems my options are leave and hope that if someone hears it'll be after I'm gone, or deal with it myself. I suppose I am involved in a way. I did have the chance to stop them, after all. Goddamnit. What can I even do about a giant dog? Valentine glanced down at her wand. I could always try. I already know I can lock the door again and I'm going straight to Dumbledore after this anyway. Valentine raised her wand and cast; "Alohomora." The lock on the door lifted and her ears were filled with the sound of feral snarling as the door creaked open. From where she stood and could see that the dog hadn't been a singular one. In fact, it almost was. What she was was one massive, three-headed beast. Saliva dripped from its terrifying jaws as it barred all three sets of fangs at her. She saw it lunge for the doorway and her wand was slashing through the air again. "Lumos Maxima!" The creature immediately cowered from the burst of white light, completely obscuring it from Valentine's view. If there was one thing Valentine knew about magical beasts with tangible intelligence, it was that they knew to be wary of witches and wizards. Valentine bit her lip and willed herself to move forward while keeping the spell steady. She passed through the doorway and now could only hear whimpers. She dropped her wand hand, the tip going dark. The ginormous animal had huddled itself against the back wall, timidly, eyeing her with an air of nervous. Valentine felt a stab of guilt at its fear but figured it was better it be afraid of her then letting it turn her into a snack. "It's okay..." She told the creature calmly. "It's okay...those noisy kids are gone now." She glanced around the nondescript room. Other then the three-headed dog, there was a golden harp standing off to the side and a trap door in the centre of the floor. It is guarding something? Is that the reason the floor is forbidden? She shut the door behind her with her boot and then eased forward slowly, step by tiny step. It was clearly still wary of her but if it decided to attack, that would be it. She glanced at it and then at the harp and then back at it again. Something tells me that wasn't a random decorating decision. She took only the smallest of steps, her arms held out in front of her, wand held tightly. "It's okay, boy...or girl...or both...it's okay." She couldn't tell if her words calm it at all, the centre heads ears perking up slightly as if listening. "I'm going to play some music, alright?" She gestured to the harp with her free hand. "Would you like that?" It gave a low growl, showing large, menacing teeth. It's like it knows I can barely play. "No, no. It's alright." She shushed it. "It's fine. You're alright." She slowly eased over to the instrument, not breaking eye contact with the heads. Her aunt had suggested she and Draco learn instruments in their spare time. She played it off as a fun hobby although Valentine suspected that it had more to do with having things to brag about. After Valentine had failed miserably at the flute, her aunt had moved her on to the harp, which she hasn't been much better at. The only instrument she'd ever had the taste or talent for was the violin, but that didn't seem to be something that would help at this point. There was no violin in the room, just a harp. She let out a breath and placed her fingers on the strings lightly, earning another growl from the beast. "No, it's okay...it's alright...I'm going to play you a little something and hope you don't try and eat me because of it, alright?" Valentine swallowed, prepared for this to go very bad as she pocketed her wand. "Now, don't judge me too harshly. Animal taming through the art of the harp isn't exactly my speciality." She ran her fingers across the strings again and animals three pairs ears perked up instantly, a look of interest shining in its eyes now that it saw she was going to play. At least it's not a bloody flute. She began to play a simple lullaby that she had learned, restarting whenever she messed up, which was often. Harp had truly not been meant for her. Draco had been lucky and found his particular instrument on his first try. He'd picked up the piano almost as quickly as Valentine had picked by the violin. Despite her lacking natural talent, soon she was able to play the few notes repeatedly without making the same mistakes over and over again. Her fingertips were starting to sting a little and her brow twitched at this. The harp she had once practised on had been pushed down Malfoy Manors main staircase. Her eyes flicked over at the animal, that had been largely silent given its three heads. For a while it watched with rapt interest before, eventually, the animal began to blink its eyes tiredly. It's...falling asleep? Yes. It was doing just that, she realized as it organized its many limbs into a comfortable order. It then rested it three heads on its three pairs of paws and steadily fell into a peaceful sleep. Valentine played for a few more minutes before finally deciding it was safe for her to leave. She slipped out her wand once more just incase and crept over to the door, opening it as quietly as possible and locking it once again. Valentine let a great sigh leave her body as if she'd been holding it in all day. That was...interesting? I have so many freaking questions. With those questions fresh in her mind, Valentine took off down the dusty corridor, torches lighting her way with each step. --Pretending To Hate-- Slytherin common room, half an hour ago- "Oi, Draco, I'm sure she's fine," Blaze assured his friend who sat on the leather couch in front of the fire, a grim look on his face. "Yeah, this is Val we're talking about," Liam asked, plopping down beside the worried boy. "What could happen to her?" "Exactly. So, stop worrying. You're going to give yourself wrinkles, you know." Laughed Blaze. "I know she can handle herself, but my father made me promise to keep her out of trouble. He said as a Malfoy it's my job to protect my family." Draco answered seriously. "Look, I understand that comes first. My grandfather says the same kind of thing all the time, but I think you're overreacting." Liam chose his words carefully. "Awe, come on you two! Don't be so serious." Blaze scoffed. "Like anyone going to mess with Valentine Lestrange." "Yeah," Crabbe grunted as he and Goyle finished off a pile of snacks they'd stolen from the kitchen. The two seldom came too close when Valentine was actually around. It was clear she found them to be an utter nuisance and by now they knew who people she didn't like were treated. "I know that," Draco growled under his breath. "Anyways, when was the last time you saw her?" Liam added, plucking a cookie from Crabbe's grasp before he could take a bite out of it. "Before dinner, I saw her walk off to the girl's bathroom with Leah and Olivia, but she didn't come back with them. She didn't even eat." Draco said with a sigh. "Well, here's your chance to ask them, because there walking right towards us." Liam nodded over his shoulder. "Yeah, and brace yourself because Leah looks freaked!" Blaze said, whole-body going rigid in preparation for the incoming storm. "DRACO! DRACO!" The girl screamed, her caramel coloured hair flying around madly, drawing the attention of everyone in the room. Her words escaping her mouth so rapidly that they seemed to fly together. "DRACO!-DO-YOU-KNOW-WHERE-VAL-IS?-SHE-CAME-WITH-US-TO-THE-BATHROOM-AND-TOLD-US-TO-GO-AHEAD-AND-WE-HAVEN'T-SEEN-HER-SINCE!-THAT-WAS-AGES-AGO!-WE-HAVE-TO-FIND-HER!" "Did anyone understand any of that?" Goyle said as he crunched down on something in his mouth. "I've known Leah my entire life and I've never understood a single word out of her mouth." Draco rolled his eyes. Leah tried to speak again but was so completely out of air that only a mere squeak escaped her. "Think she said that dragons are attacking Hogwarts and that we must make a contract with an ancient tribe of fairy's to destroy them?" Said Liam, cocking his head to one side in confusion. "That's what I heard anyway." "Knowing her, that's our best bet," Draco grumbles. "Fairy's seem like they's be too normal for her." Said Blaze. "Demons perhaps?" "Um, excuse me?" Olivia spokeup meekly. They all looked to her and she cleared her voice. "She said that Valentine came with us to the bathroom before dinner and told us to go ahead to without her, she said she wouldn't be long, but that a decent amount of time ago." Everyone blinked at Olivia in shock, save for the hyperventilating Leah. "You understood that?" Liam was utterly bewildered. "DON'T-JUST-STAND-THERE!-WE-NEED-TO-FIND-VAL!" Leah burst, catching her breath and wasting it all again. "Wait, you said she's been gone since before dinner?" Asked Draco, standing from his place on the couch. "I'm sure she'll be alright though." Olivia nodded in reply, biting her lip, worry in her creased brows. "What could happen to her?" "My point exactly." Said Liam. "I'll be back." Draco stood. "Draco, where are you going?" Liam asked quickly. "To find her." He said in his usual arrogance, as though that was obvious. "But what about the curfew? It's almost nine." Olivia added, a little tremor to her voice. "Mate, really." Said Blaze. "She's fine. And she'll probably bite your head off for thinking otherwise." "Who cares! Something could have eaten her!" Leah exclaimed throwing her arms in the air. "Like what?" Asked Crabbe. "Does it matter?" Leah shouts. "We have to save her!" "Olivia's right, Draco. You really want to get caught by Flich and his creepy cat?" Liam reasoned. "Just wait it out and she'll walk through that door any minute now." "We can't wait that long! What if she's been abducted by aliens! What if she was eaten by werewolves! What if she drowned in the toilets! What if she-" "Can you even hear yourself?" Blaze cut her off mid-rant. "Leah, nothing like that is going happen." Liam sighed. "Yeah, Valentine's way too scary for a werewolf or an alien too attack her." Said Crabbe, Goyle nodding in agreement beside him. "You guys are missing the point!" Cried, Leah. "There's a point to this?" Blaze arched a brow at her. "Come on, Olivia! Come on, Draco! We have to save Val! She could have become a slave to werewolf aliens that live in the girl's bathroom. Quick! let's go before it's too late!" "Stop screaming, Leah!" Draco hissed at her. "I can find Val on my own." "Do you really think there's such thing as werewolf aliens that live in the girl's bathroom?" Goyle wondered aloud. "In Leah's head, maybe." Blaze snorted. "Stop being so mean! This isn't about me! This is about Val!" "Well, you've never gotten all bent out of shape all the other times she's up and disappeared!" Said Blaze. "She does it quite regularly if you haven't noticed!" "Fine! Don't help then! I'll just tell Val that you don't care about her!" "Have you actually met Val? She'd probably prefer that!" "Would not!" "Would too!" "Would not!" "Would-" "SHUT UP! Shut up everyone, okay? Please." Olivia seemed to snap like a taunt cord breaking, eyes scrunched shut tightly in frustration, fists held stiffly at her sides. "If we go looking for Valentine now we could all get in big trouble for being out after curfew. So, please. Stop arguing. There is no such thing as werewolf aliens that live in the girl's bathroom and Val is probably fine but that doesn't mean that we shouldn't be at least a little concerned." Olivia sighed heavily as everyone once again just to stared at her in total shock "Did Olivia just..." Draco's words drifted off. "Raise her voice?" Finished Blaze. "No...that couldn't have been her," Liam says quietly in disbelief, squinting at the girl in question. "She told us to shut up, too." Draco frowned. "Olivia...are you mad at me?" Lead asks, her eyes wide and her bottom lip trembling. "Oh, no, Leah, um..." Olivia stumbled over her words, reverting instantly back into her timid self at the sight of Leah's puppy dog eyes. "No, of course not! I mean...um." "I'm sorry! Don't be mad at me!" Cried Leah, who captures Olivia in a suffocating embrace. "You know, my grandfather told me to choose my friends well" Liam sighed. "I don't think he counted on Leah being such a spaz." Blaze patted his back sympathetically. "Trust me." Draco rolled his eyes. "She's just getting started." --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine had almost run square into two prefects on her way to the Head Masters office. She'd been so focused on what she wanted to know that she'd nearly waltz right into their path. Lucky for her, they had been thoroughly distracted. Unlucky for her, they had been distracted by each other and spent a straight five minutes snogging before moving on. Disgusting. Who wants to slurp up another person's saliva? Revolting. Once the perfects had left, Valentine kept moving unencumbered, until she reached her destination. "Wait right there, sir," Valentine said as she marched into the room. The room was dark and Dumbledore was clearly dressed for bed, hand paused over the door nob of his private room. "Miss Lestrange?" He blinked blearily over his glasses at her. "I have some questions that are not going to wait." Valentine stood before the large desk and gestured to the chair behind it. "Professor." Dumbledore simply stared at her for a moment, as if testing her resolve. After all, if she decided to leave her queries for another time, then he could go to sleep. "Very well." Dumbledore sighed tiredly, doing what was asked of him. "What are these questions that are important than sleep?" "When was someone going to mention the three-headed dog?" "Ah. So, you've met Fluffy." "Fluffy?" Valentine stared at him incredulously. "You have got to be joking me." "I'm afraid not, my dear." It's got a bloody name. And it's bloody name is Fluffy. Why? It isn't even actually fluffy! "Well, what the hell, is Fluffy, doing in a school?" "Miss Lestrange, may I first ask how you came about the creature?" He shot her a knowing look. "That third-floor corridor is out of bounds for students, as you well know." Valentine frowned and ground one heel of her boot into the floor. She wasn't in the mood to be questioned herself but it wasn't as though she had anything to hide. "Tell that Harry Potter and his little friends. They're the ones I was following." Valentine gripped the edge of the desk. "They ran straight from Mrs Norris into that room. I'm surprised they didn't get their heads bitten off by that thing." "Then I would say it is lucky you were there." Dumbledore nodded thoughtfully. "Lucky or not, you still haven't answered my question, sir." Valentine pressed, eyeing him sternly as though he might make a run for it, or more likely, would dodge the topic. "Something tells me that Fluffy isn't the reason that corridor is out of bounds. It's there for a reason. What's under the trap door, sir?" Dumbledore blinked and then gave a merry sort of laugh. "My dear, you have so far continued to impress me with your astute nature. It truly seems that nothing gets by you." "Yes, yes. I'm amazing, I know. But the trap door?" She brushed off his praise, welcome as it was, she wouldn't let it distract her. "What's it hiding? The mirth in Dumbledore's gaze settled and he gave her an even look as though deciding whether or not to say. "I've already got one decent-sized secret, professor." Valentine snorted at his hesitance. "One more will hardly weigh me down." Dumbledore chuckled and leaned against the high back of his chair. "Sir," Valentine spoke again. "I had to put the damn thing back to sleep myself. I think I'm owed some sort of explanation." Dumbledore seemed to study her for another long moment before sighing. "Then I suppose you should have it." He said, almost gravely. "My dear, have you ever heard of the Philosophers Stone?" "As in Nicolas Flamel's stone?" Valentine's eyes widened. "Yes. The very same that had the extraordinary ability to transform any metal into pure gold and produce the Elixir of Life to make its drinker immortal." "That's what the dog is guarding? But why is it here?" "There are few places safe enough for such a dangerous object," Dumbledore explained. "Up until recently, it was secured in a vault at Gringotts, but after I received some intelligence, I thought it better removed. And not to boost my own steadfastness, but a robbery was attempted that very morning." "So, you've put the stone in school." Valentine frowned. "I can assure you that the stone is well guarded." Dumbledore quickly added. "If one was to try and take it, Fluffy would not be the only obstacle they'd have to pass. The stone is quite safe." Valentine stared at him for a moment before letting out a breath and dropping into a chair by the desk. "I suggest the door to that corridor be locked." "Yes, I do think that'll be beneficial." "Sir?" "Yes?" "You said you received some intelligence and that there was a robbery?" Her gaze darkened. "So, someone is definitely trying to steal the stone." "Mostly certainly." "Do you believe Voldemort could somehow be involved with this?" "Now of that, I cannot be certain." "I really hope he isn't." "In that hope, you are not alone." --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine quickly made her way back to the Slytherin common room, thankful that the prefects from earlier were nowhere to be seen. She didn't need another unfortunate, kissing roadblock. She doubted her stomach could take it. Instead, she ducked into the girl's bathroom as Flich passed and stared dully at the row of sinks as she waited for his doddering footsteps to fade. She yawned and found that she was thoroughly ready for bed. Far too much had happened in one night. She reached the common room and tipped toed through the darkened doorway aware of the lateness of the hour. Being this late, Valentine knew her friends would have had all turned in by now, but the same could not be said for her cousin. She thought she had been alone which is why she almost jumped when Draco stood from the chair seated near the dying fire. "Where have you been? Do you know how late it is?" Draco demanded. Dammit... "Well, aren't we in a giddy mood." She grumbled, her heart pounding in her ears. "You haven't answered me, Val. Where were you?" Draco pressed. "Walking." Said Valentine. "For that long? What if someone saw you!" "Nobody saw me," Valentine said firmly, meaning for that to be the end of it. She turned away from him and begun to make her way to girls dorms. "Do you really expect me to just accept you acting like this?" Draco said bitterly, his voice shaking slightly at the end. "Val. What if father finds out?" Valentine stopped, frozen in her tracks. Her cousin's words hitting her like a ton of bricks and she wanted to pick up every brick and throw them at Lucius Malfoy's face. What will it take to show him that Lucius Malfoy doesn't matter here? How do I even handle this? This is Draco. I just need to do something to keep him off my case. Valentine turned slowly to face her cousin, her eyes glowing murderously. The tenseness in his face immediately fell away to nervousness. "Watch how you speak to me, cousin." Her voice was so quiet and yet it travelled through the room like rumbling thunder. Her bright eyes narrowed, staring directly into the boy's pale blue ones. "Your father isn't here to control us. When will you understand that? We get ten months a year to be free of him for the next seven years. You should enjoy it instead of acting like you have any kind of authority over me." "I...I-I." Draco stuttered helplessly under the girl's dangerous gaze. She rarely treated him like this. He usually knew better than to set her off. This was the way she treated the outsiders in her life that were bold enough to speak out of term in her presences. He looked like a poor defenceless creature, backed into a corner with nowhere to run. "Don't worry so much, Draco. I'm a big girl, I can take care of myself." She said, her voice carrying a sudden casualness and her lips curving into a cruel smile. "You should get some sleep." Please forgive me. She turned and left the boy standing all alone, trying to stop his hands from shaking.
If Valentine had thought that she had heard the last about her disappearance last night then she would have been completely and utterly wrong. Olivia and Leah were the first to thoroughly investigate her, that morning when they woke and found her in her bed. A few not so lightly veiled threats and they were obliged to look the other way. Then came Blaze and Liam at breakfast. Liam had been particularly concerned about her but Valentine was quickly realizing that he was likely the most submissive of her new friends, and even if he didn't believe her, he wasn't about to go against her. It was Draco who hadn't spoken to her yet. He'd even chose to sit across from her as opposed to beside her where he typically sat. Valentine felt that like a blade in her windpipe and yet she couldn't blame him. "So, Liam," Blaze spoke with a mouth full of toast. "You gonna try and sign up for Quidditch? My brother says that first years almost never make the team though." "I'm not all that athletically talented," Liam admitted. "But I'd never pass up a chance to watch. Two years ago, my grandfather took me to Bulgaria to watch their national team go up against Italy. It was just about the coolest thing I'd ever seen. What about you girls? Any of you play?" "No." Olivia shook her head. "I'm not so co-ordinated in the air." "Nope!" Leah shrugged. "I think I like watching better as well. All the cheering gets me hyped!" "What about you Val?" Asked Blaze. "I've no interest in something like that," Valentine said dismissively. "Draco, however, would be a very good fit for the team." Draco's head snapped up in surprise at that. "Yeah?" Said Liam, looking over at Draco. "Yep!" Leah nodded enthusiastically. "Flying is about the only thing Draco is really good at." "Shut up, Leah," Draco growled at her. "You're not good at anything but being loud." "How dare you!" Leah clapped a hand over her chest dramatically, jumping up from her spot. "I'm not just good at being loud! I'M GREAT AT BEING LOUD!" "Oh, my, God." Blaze hissed at her, looking around at all the attention she was attracting. "Would you sit down you nut?" "Never!" Leah declared, stepping up onto the bench. "Unlike you, I'm a free spirit!" "Be careful!" Olivia warned her. "Lovat!" They heard Snape shout from somewhere across the hall. Leah promptly let out a startled shriek and wobbled forward. Her hands shooting in front of her to stop herself and landing directly into Liam's breakfast, sending it all over both Liam and Blaze. "Oh, my God!" Olivia gasped. Leah, you are a freaking mess. "Dammit, Leah!" Liam groaned. "That's why I told you to get down!" Blaze looked down at his uniform in disgust. "Why are you like this?" Draco rubbed at his face, seeming utterly exhausted with her existence. Valentine heard scattered laughter across the hall and quickly silenced it with a dark glare. "Ewwwww," Leah whined, sitting back down and looked down at herself, also covered in a decent amount of food. "Awe, man." Liam frowned. "There's cereal in my hair, isn't there?" Liam probed around in his dark locks reluctantly. "I currently have an entire plate of eggs and bacon in my lap." Blaze picked one up and dropped it onto the tabletop. "You want any salt with that?" Liam chuckled. "Very funny." Blaze rolled his eyes and grabbed a handful of the scrambled eggs from his robes and threw them over at the other boy. "Here. My mother always said sharing was caring." Draco sild away from the two of them to avoid getting involved. "Please, don't make more of a mess." Olivia pleaded gently. "I don't want to get in trouble." "It's not so bad." Leah shrugged, taking a long lick from one of her hands. "Okay, now that's just foul." Blaze balked at her. "I'm getting hints of bacon, orange juice, pepper, sausage andyeah, that's definitely milk." Leah nodded thoughtfully. "Are you mad? We don't want to know." Blaze picked a cornflake from behind Liam's ear. "I think I'm going to be sick." Liam clapped a hand over his mouth. "Clean your hands." Olivia passed Leah a napkin. "Hmm. That seems like it would be kind of a waste." "Leah." Valentine shot her a steely gaze and she quickly compiled. She then looked over at the others. "I hope you realize that means you're all going to start smelling like rotten milk and eggs in an hour." "Now, I'm gonna be even more sick." Liam promptly turned a pale shade of green. "Not on me you aren't." Blaze quickly stood, all kinds of breakfast foods falling at his feet. "That is disgusting." Draco actively adverted his gaze. "You guys are so dramatic." Leah rolled her eyes at them. "Us?" Blaze gaped at her. "We're the dramatic ones?" "You heard me." She sniffed. "Well, I'm not so sure about that considering the fact that I have jam in my ears!" "Please, stop talking." Liam moaned miserably. "Stop being so mean to me!" Leah pouted. "Maybe I would if you hadn't given us a breakfast bath!" Blaze spat. "Oh, I'll give you a breakfast bath!" Leah grabbed her goblet of juice and threw it at him. Blaze looked at his drenched robes in startled disbelief. Oh, come on! "Oi!" A student who had been walking behind Blaze cried out, wiping the juice from the side of his face. "Sorry!" Olivia immediately apologized but the others ignored him altogether. "Leah, stop!" Olivia urged her. Instead of listening, Leah grabbed a handful of toast and threw that as well. Both Liam and Draco hurriedly jumped up so they wouldn't become a target. "You are so dead!" Blaze screamed and scooped Draco's breakfast plate. "Guys, stop it!" Olivia tried again. "You're really going to get in trouble!" "Aren't you going to stop them?" Draco looked over at Valentine, taking a step back from the scene as Leah and Blaze begun chucking handfuls of food at one another that were starting to splattered over the people outside of their little bubble. "Lovat! Zambini!" Snape growled in rage as he stormed across the hall. Sure, he tended to turn a blind eye towards any Slytherins causing trouble but this was too much to ignore, even for him. "Not my problem." Said Valentine, taking one last bite of her breakfast and getting up. "I'm with her." Liam nodded. "Come on." Valentine grabbed Olivia's arm. The girl was still desperately trying to calm both Leah and Blaze down. "But-" "They're a lost cause." Valentine cut her off and started pulling her away. Snape arrived as they hurried off. "Lestrange!" He chose to snap at her in particular but was then hit square in the face by a flying piece of bacon. It seemed to divert his attention. "Just ignore him." Valentine led the others through the doors swiftly. "Wow." Liam sighed. "So, it's safe to say they're goners." "I feel bad." Olivia frowned. "Shouldn't we have stayed with them?" "God, no." Draco scoffed. "You're too nice to them. Especially Leah." "I feel sticky." Liam peeled a cornflake from the side of his neck. "You look sticky," Draco confirmed. "Honestly. My father would never have put up with that behaviour." "Neither will Snape by the sound of things." Said Olivia and they paused to listen to the tortured screaming echoing down the corridor from the Great Hall. "Hmm," Liam bit his lip. "That doesn't sound good." "I hope they're okay." Olivia wrung her hands nervously. "I don't." Draco scoffed. "Either way, they deserve it." Valentine shrugged and then cast a glance at Liam "You should probably get changed." "I'm not a violent guy, but if I smell like bacon and milk all day, I'm going to bury Leah alive." "I'll help you." Said Draco. --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine crossed her arms over her chest and stared the stuttering man down. "N-now, Miss-miss Lestrange..." Quirrell did his best to stand his ground while meandering his way through his speech. "Yes, Professor?" Valentine arched a brow at him. "I-Ihave asked-asked you if you w-would c-complete the work like e-everyone else." "But it bores me," Valentine answered plainly. "It's honestly baffling how you are so incapable of creating any sort of interesting lesson, let alone make it to the end of your sentence before night comes." Valentine's friends have half-smothered laughs at this. "You-you will do-do-" Leah let out an uncontrollable bark of laughter at that. "He said do do!" She bent over her desk, trying to breathe through her giggles. "You're such an idiot." Blaze shook his head at her, although he was laughing also. By now, other students in the class were chuckling to themselves. At the end of the day, an eleven-year-old was an eleven-year-old. Quirrell swallowed visibly, clearly embarrassed by this. Valentine let a cruel smirk drift onto her features and he bristled further. "You will do..." Quirrell paused for a moment to steady himself. "...as you-you are t-told." "Will I?" Valentine sighed, almost pityingly. "Will I, sir? Because at this rate, I learn just about as much as when you are silent, as when you're stuttering along." "Maybe that wouldn't be the case if you actually did the work." Hermione Granger didn't turn in her chair when she spoke, but Valentine knew she could feel her stare. The stiffening in her shoulders gave it all away. "You do want her to bloody kill you?" Ron hissed to the girl. "What was that Granger?" Draco said loudly before Valentine could speak. "I didn't quite catch that." "Hermione, don't." Harry hissed at her. Hermione twisted around in her seat, expression creased with irritation. "Just because you find the lesson boring does not give you the right to take a learning opportunity away from others." She said haughtily. For a moment the room was silent. The tense was thick and heavy, no one seemed to breathe. Even Quirrell had stepped back to watch them, nervously fiddling with his own hands. "A learning opportunity? Is that what you want?" Valentine shifted to sit straight in her chair, bright eyes wide with deceiving innocence. "Hmm, little toad? You want to grow up to be smart? You want to grow up at all? Then maybe you should keep your damn mouth shut because there is no value in words that come out of a mouth like yours." Hermione's lips moved uselessly for a moment, not knowing how to rebut her. Valentine hoped she had enough wits to realise the falsehood in her words. That listening to a tyrant was a waste of her time. "Take that back!" Harry suddenly snarled, glaring her down fiercely. "What?" Draco was half out of his chair. "What did you say, Potter?" "I said to take it back." Harry punctuated every word like each one would slap the other boy. "Watch who you're talking to," Blaze growled from somewhere behind Valentine as her shoulders shook. "Val?" Leah whispered over her shoulder. Valentine let out a loud burst of laughter, making several people, including Draco, jump. She smiled widely like Harry had told a hilarious joke, eyes glittering and alive. The room liked at her like she was mad as she chuckled, curls bouncing as she did. "What's so funny?" Harry dared asked, gaze hard and unyielding. Valentine's laughter stopped immediately. Her eyes locked with Harry's again, matching his hardness yet with a glint of something more sinister and amused. The tension that had filled the room before was nothing to what it was now. Valentine proved to be an ever-evolving monster. "You chose the wrong side, Potter." She said simply, eyes flickering over to Hermione and Ron. "What's that supposed to mean?" Hermione narrowed her eyes, but Valentine was certain she could figure out the answer on her own. "Ah! P-professor Sn-snape!" Quirrel cried out suddenly. The class turned in their seats do look to the doorway. All except Valentine. She was too busy cursing his existence. Why? Goddammit, why? There were several, hesitant footsteps as though Snape wished to be anywhere else. "Quirrell?" He drawled darkly. "It's-it's M-miss Lestrange." Quirrell eyed the girl carefully as to stepped around her desk to the back of the room. "When isn't it?" Snape sighed. Valentine glared at Harry as he caught her gaze again. He seemed almost smug. Who knew any kind of justice could be served by one such as Severus Snape? "What has she done now?" "She-she is re-re-refusing to-to-to-" Quirrell paused again and took a breath. "Refusing to do...do her w-work. I have asked her repeat-repeatedly to do...so." "Lestrange." Said Snape, no room for warmth in his voice. "Yes, Professor?" Valentine said, far too pleasantly to be genuine. She still kept herself facing front. "Must you cause trouble wherever you tread?" "When it suits." She answered swiftly. "Sir." "Get here." Snape ground out harshly. "Now." Valentine didn't move. "Val," Draco whispered and nudged her foot under the desk with his. "Lestrange!" Snape growled and Quirrell gave a small yelp. Valentine remained where she sat, still not turning to look at him. She heard heavy steps thunder up between the desks and steeled herself. She felt his hand seize her upper arm and immediately tried to wrench herself away. But she was a girl of eleven without a single measure of muscle, and he was a fully grown man with over a foot of height to tower over her. "Don't touch me!" She hissed like a rabid cat, knocking her chair onto the floor. "Let go of me!" Snape just tightened his grip and darkened his gaze, yanking her out into the aisle. "I said, let me go!" Valentine tried to fling herself from his grasp but only succeeded in throwing herself off her feet so that Snape was literally dragging her. "Stop this now!" Snape snarled at her, pulling her so she was back on her feet. "Sir, she doesn't like to be touched!" Leah cried out, watching the scene with a look of worry. And Leah was right. Valentine had always much preferred for people not to touch her unless she allowed it. That's what made it so strange that it was Leah who said that, seeing how she touched Valentine whenever she liked. "Let me go!" Valentine continued to struggle as Snape hauled her out the door. "Let me go!" "You may continue with your class," Snape said to Quirrell as they left. "Ye-yes." Quirrell watched in bewilderment as Valentine growled and hissed like a feral animal, momentarily grabbing the door frame. Snape ripped her away from it and out into the hall, shoving her away from him. "Keep your damn hands off me!" She bared her teeth like fangs as she grabbed for the wall to keep herself steady. "Must I remind you of where you are?" Snape glared, black eyes burning into hers. "This is not your mansion where some simpleton will wait on you hand and foot. There are rules that you are not above and you will abide by them." "It's not my mansion." Was all she spat as she fought the urge to kick him. Screw him. Valentine turned on her heel and started walking away, stepping out into the small courtyard. "I did not excuse you!" Snape exclaimed, hurrying after her. "There's no need, Professor." She waved a nonchalant hand over her shoulder. "I can excuse myself." "Your disrespect will not go unpunished!" Valentine just rolled her eyes, only pausing when she heard a distant muffled giggle coming from...With a frown, she turned to look up at the second-floor hall out looking the courtyard. The Weasley twins ducked back when they saw her. Okay? "Lestrange!" Snape growled as he came closer. Valentine backed up with a grimace not wanting to be grabbed again. "Just leave me be, you old bat." "I will not put up with your insolence!" "I'll let you know when you have a choice!" Valentine watched from that upper corner of her eye as the Weasley twins appeared again, this time carrying a decently sized cauldron. She saw Snape lunge forward to grab at her again and she snapped her teeth at him viciously. Snape pulled back immediately in faint shock, right beneath the window the Weasley twins stood in. Valentine saw them give each other a quick high five, both wearing large grins. "Oh, no, Professor." Valentine's sudden pout caught him off guard. "I think it's going to rain." "What are you-?" At that moment, the twins tipped the cauldron forwards. Valentine stood back to watch the bright orange slime gush over the edge and land directly on Snape. She heard the twins laughing roariously at their work. "One out of two ain't bad, eh Fred?" "Not bad at all, George!" Snape looked down at himself. The front of his usually, impeccable black robes were dripping with bright orange sludge. It dribbled down his face and his shoulders and Valentine couldn't not laugh. This may be one of the best days of my life. Snape looked up above and Valentine doubted he could have seen the twins clearly with the orange oozing from his hair over his face. "Weasleys!" He howled, utterly outraged. The twins immediately took off, dropping the cauldron out the window. Snape quickly sidestepped before it could hit him. Valentine was still laughing, shoulders shaking controllably. "Professor," She had to take a breath between her chuckles. "do you suppose you qualify as a Weasley yourself now?" "You little demon!" Snape's black eyes glowed with uncontained hatred. "You planned this!" "Me? Don't be ridiculous!" Valentine objected, still laughing. "I'm fairly certain they were trying to get me too. You just happened to be terribly unlucky today. And unsurprisingly, what's unlucky for you is vastly amusing for me." "I am sick of you, Lestrange." Snape gritted his teeth hard enough to break them, those black eyes blazing. "First you and your little followers disrupt breakfast like toddlers throwing tantrums and now this. You are disrespectful, destructive and ignorant. Dumbledore was a fool to bring you into this." Valentine just smiled. "That may have stung a little." She shrugged, not bothering to bite back another laugh. "If you weren't currently covered in bright orange slime. Which is starting to harden by the way." Snape's eyes widened in very real panic, looking down at himself. "Hmm. I wonder how they made something like that?" Valentine hummed, speaking mostly too herself. She took the chance to burn the image into her mind before turning away. "Have fun getting that off, Professor. Now, if I remember correctly then I have Charms next..." She walked from the courtyard, leaving Snape to stew in his own boiling anger. --Pretending To Hate-- "One of a wizard's most rudimentary skills is levitation, the ability to make fly. Do you all have your feathers?" The short wizard, Professor Flitwick, stood upon the tall stack of books before them, ready to begin his class with a giddy smile. "Good. Now, don't forget the nice wrist movement we've been practising, hmm? The swish and flick. Everyone." He gestured for the class to repeat. "Swish and flick." The students spoke, copying his movements. Valentine didn't bother to participate. "Good." Said Flitwick. "And enunciate. Wingardium Leviosa. Off you go then." The students set to their work, moving their wands over their feathers. Again, Valentine did not participate. From her position in the room, she could see everyone. She sat with Draco on at the highest desk adjacent to the side where most of the Gryffindors had chosen to sit. This choice had a purpose. In the desk just before them, Liam and Blaze had taken seats and beside them was Olivia and Leah. At first, the boys had gone to sit somewhere else, but once they saw Valentine was not following, they quickly changed their path. Valentine could see every move Harry Potter made from her vantage point. She liked the security that came with having nothing but the wall to her back. No one could sneak up behind her. She decided that this would be her seat for charms from then on. Across the room, she could hear Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger arguing about how the spell was pronounced. It reminded Valentine of how Leah and Blaze had already taken to quarrelling despite only knowing one another for a short time. Unlike Leah and Draco who had been arguing since before they could do little more than babble. "You do it then if you're so clever." Ron frowned at the girl beside him. "Go on, go on." The girl beside him straightened her back and flicked her wand, looking quite well assured. "Wingardium Leviosa." Hermione said clearly. With her words, the feather sitting upon her desk rose high above her. She shot a triumphant look over at the boy. Ron dropped his head into his arms in obvious defeat. Hmm. She's a smart one. "Oh, well done! See here, everyone!" Professor Flitwick exclaimed joyously. "Miss Granger's done it! Oh, splendid!" "Hey, aren't you going to try? If that Granger can do it, I'm sure you can." Draco asks, pulling her from her thoughts. "The stupid thing won't work for me." Liam turned around in his seat. Valentine had studied this spell, in theory, many times before. It was simple. There was a reason it was a first-year spell. The only way she could conceive that it would go wrong was if she either mispronounced or didn't perform the movements correctly. Valentine had only just readied her wand to perform the spell when a thunderous boom sounded out from across the room. Professor Flitwick cried out in shock and Leah yelped. Valentine's heart to leapt up into her throat. Potter! That was her first thought. She looked to find a Gryffindor sitting next to Harry Potter, who she recognized as a half-blooded Irish boy named Seamus. She knew he was a Half-Blood because Draco and the other boys had commented on it. They'd made a cruel game of finding out students blood status so they could treat them accordingly. Seamus's face was covered in soot, his hair was shooting up in multiple demented angles. Even Harry hadn't been untouched, a smudge of soot had been left on his cheek and in front of him, a brunt feather slowly fell from the air, still sizzling. "I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor," Harry said quietly, looking somewhat shell shocked. You think? "Are you okay?" Liam asked, looking up at her in concern. "Excuse me?" She arched a brow at him. "You just look a little startled." He said jokingly. "Of course not." She said, stiffly. "I was just surprised how by utterly moronic Half-Bloods can be at times. Honestly, only someone with muggles blood can screw up something so simple." "Can't argue with you there." Liam shrugged. "Really." Draco huffed. "What was father thinking? Sending us to a place like this?" After the explosion, the rest of the class was thankfully uneventful. They'd spent the entire time focusing on the Levitation Charm. Valentine had impressed them all with her easy demonstration. Flitwick had commented that it was so exciting to have two young witches who were both so talented in his class. At that, Valentine had sneered directly over at Hermione. Of Valentine's friends, Olivia and Liam made the most progress. Olivia was proving to be quite talented herself and Liam seemed to have the concentration and relaxed composure that the other boys often lacked. It was coming increasingly apparent that Draco, Blaze and Leah were not the best influences on each other when it came to academics. After class, Valentine walked through the courtyard, the others at her side. They were heading to their next class, Muggle Studies and complaining rather loudly about it. "Muggle Studies?" Liam groaned. "Who cares what Muggles do." Blaze frowned down at his schedule. "Why should it matter to us?" "What a waste of time." Draco scoffed. "Just wait until I tell my father about this." "There must be a million other things we could be learning." Valentine agreed coldly. "They're so insignificant, why do we need to know anything about them? I certainly don't intend to associate myself." In reality, Valentine thought the class might actually hold some interest for her. There was an entire thriving civilisation out there that she knew so little about and it was rare that she knew little about anything. Not that you could tell any of this past her sneer. At that moment, Hermione Granger hurried on past them. "Oi! Granger! Done showing off yet?" Draco couldn't help himself from saying, not that he would have tried very hard. But the girl completely ignored the boy's insults and kept her sights on the group of Gryffindors, who Harry Potter and Ron Weasley were with. She also heard what flew from Ron Weasley's lips. They all did. "It's Leviosa, not Leviosar. Honestly, she's a nightmare. No wonder she hasn't got any friends!" The boy said and was immediately surrounded by the laughter of the other boys. They were suddenly all silenced as the 'nightmare' in question moved on past them quickly, keeping her head down. Valentine frowned. That was rather cruel of him. He's lucky that I don't have the luxury of telling him off for that. "Trouble in paradise?" Liam snickered at the Gryffindors. "Watch your mouth, traitor. Girls have claws." Leah said smugly, her heavy words betraying her happy go lucky persona. With a girl like Leah, it was easy to tell that she had heard such words from an adult in her life and was repeating them like an obedient little parrot. Valentine doubted she fully grasped how ignorant that way of thinking was. Leah wasn't exactly forward-thinking, or much into thinking at all. "Claws or not, anyone could take him down," Blaze added with a laugh. "Leah. Blaze." Valentine said, several meters ahead of the two who had stopped to reticule the ginger boy. "They're hardly worth our time, wouldn't you agree?" Valentine's eyes locked with Harry Potter's. He was annoyed and confused. After all, Valentine had clearly thought he was worth her time in Defense Against the Dark Arts. Looks like he's trying to figure something out. Like he's trying to figure me out. "Val's right." Olivia nodded. "Let's get going." --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine's eyes snapped open abruptly in the darkness. She rubbed her eyes and yawned, assessing the familiar surroundings. Leah had finally begun to sleep in her own bed after almost two weeks of being overly attached to her new friend and now she lay buried beneath a mountain of stuffed animals that slowly rose and fell with her light snores. Olivia herself lay tucked away under her sheets, sound asleep. Valentine looked around and yet found nothing that could have awoken her. She sighed and pulled herself up into a sitting position, pushing her curls out of her face as she did so. With another sigh, she dropped back down on the mattress and attempted to fall back to sleep. Several minutes passed and she found herself groaning in defeat. If she was going to sleep tonight, it wasn't going to be anytime soon. She'd been at Hogwarts for almost two weeks and it had been exhausting, difficult and probably the most fun she had ever experienced. Two weeks and she already had gained new friend's and added more knowledge to her arsenal. This was the world outside of Malfoy Manor that she's been thinking of for years. Her new friends weren't the most morally strapped. To be frank, they were utter bullies and snobs but who else would cosy up to someone like her? No one ordinary would do something like that. She supposed that's why they were little nuts in their own ways. And Draco never would have accepted them as friends if their views had strayed too far from his own. That was why, of all their new companions, Olivia was the only one not of aristocratic birth. She had been Leah's wilful addition, who, if not for her Pure Blood status, wouldn't have been so welcome by the rest of them. But she was sweet and the others seemed to covet that. Perhaps that's why Olivia is so meek and humble? Because she hasn't had someone telling her that she's better than a certain group of people for reasons they can't control. Upon sending letters home, they had discovered that Valentine's, Draco's and Leah's parents really did have a bit of overlapping circumstances from when Blaze and Liam's parents had attended Hogwarts. Lucius hadn't seemed overly pleased by Olivia and her low social status but Lucius Malfoy had known Leah since the day she was born. There was no way Leah was giving up her new favourite person at this rate, even he knew that. These friends certainly weren't perfect but they were Valentine's and she found herself becoming increasingly fond of them. They walked around like they owned the Earth and put on airs because they'd been raised to, but they were also the most ridiculous people Valentine had ever met. The kinds of people who have food fights and argue about nothing and who pass notes to another in class with nothing but crude drawings on them. They were idiots and they were at her every command. They were Slytherins and they had already laid claims to their loyalty, drawn in by Valentine's raw power and presence. It was very Slytherin of them and very Slytherin of Valentine to capitalise on it, but, of course, when it came to the pure, unfiltered facts, Valentine wasn't a Slytherin at all. Two Years Ago- "Now, my dear, first we must find out what house you'll be in. Normally this would take place upon your first arrival at Hogwarts with the other first year's students, but I am obliged to bend the rules on this instance. Severus?" Dumbledore motioned for the Potions Professor to retrieve the sorting hat. Valentine felt a prickle of excitement shoot down her spine. "This is the sorting hat that determines what house you will be placed in based on your values." Explained Dumbledore, taking the hat from Snape. "For this plan to work we will assure your placement in Slytherin." Valentine nodded, showing her understanding as the old wizard reached out and placed the ancient leather hat upon her head. Even if she was to be placed in a certain house no matter what, she wanted to know what the hat thought was best for her. "Hmm." A voice spoke out from the hat. "Most intriguing...I haven't sorted a Lestrange in quite a few years...always interesting you are...Yes, most intriguing indeed..." "And what do you find so intriguing, may I ask?" Valentine asked. The hat shook with laughter. "Certainly an interesting young lady we have here, Albus." The hat mused. "I always like a challenge. Enough traits of Slytherin, Ravenclaw and Gryffindor to be placed in any of the three, but only one will suit." "What? Not Hufflepuff?" The small girl asked with a smirk upon her lips. The hat laughed once more. "I'm afraid you have a fewattributes that overwhelms your chances of ever finding a home with the Hufflepuffs." The hat replied. "Your sarcastic nature, for example, it is quite a prevalent trait of yours." Snape scoffed and rolled his eyes at the hats comment. "It just so happens to be not so different from the reason why our esteemed Professor Snape here was not placed in Hufflepuff also." The hat leered at the man in question. Valentine snorted at that. "Why you-!" Snape began, only to be cut off by Dumbledore. "Now, now, everyone. We are here on the account of Miss Lestrange, let us not forget that." He chuckled, his eyes twinkling with amusement. "Yes, of course." The hat said quite smugly. "Now, Miss Valentine Lestrange...strange indeed...intelligence, bravery, cunning and naturally that attitude we have already discussed. Hmm...where shall I put you?" "We do not have all day," Snape growled. "HmmI think I may need some time to consider" "We do not have-" "I know..." The hat interrupted Snape once more. "Gryffindor!" In normal circumstances, the hats shout would be met with cheering and thunderous clapping, but this was most certainly not normal circumstances, so instead of cheering and clapping, silence filled the room. Valentine felt as if all the warmth in her body had left her. That was certainly unfavourable and she found herself pondering the connotations. Gryffindor? My entire family has been in Slytherin. I can't think of a single Lestrange, Malfoy or Black who has not been in Slytherin. My uncle "Gryffindor?" Valentine says breathlessly, her eyes narrowed, focusing on the stone floor with a furrowed brow. "That's enough to warrant me disowned." "That will not happen," Dumbledore said firmly, taking the hat from her head. "Now, old friend." The man addressed the hat. "We appear to have a situation on your hands, and so I must urge you to place this child in Slytherin. Not, that I mean to sound so drastic, but these are drastic times." "Are you sure, Albus?" The hat mumbled after a moment of thought. "I have never betrayed my judgement before. This is most irregular." "I assure you that this particular situation is both crucial and irregular. Two years from now, when Miss Lestrange begins her first year at Hogwarts, I must ask you to look beyond your judgment and put her in Slytherin." "Is it truly needed, Albus?" The hat gave a grave sigh. "The sense of justice I saw within her. It'll never get the nurturing it needs in Slytherin." "I'm afraid this goes beyond the need to nurture a single student." Dumbledore nodded. The hat sighed once more. "Then it shall be so, old friend."
Valentine sat amongst her friends, talking and taking their fill of the Halloween Feast. The ceiling rumbled lightly with thunder, lighting striking amongst the Jack-O-Lanterns that hung suspended in the air. The tables were stocked with candy and deserts that had the students in a, particularly good mood. "Olivia, have I ever told you that your so cute when you eat?" Leah asked, scooping a spoonful of jelly into her mouth. Olivia blushed an alarmingly bright red, matching the toffee apple in her hand. "You've told her that every day since we've been here, Leah." Liam chuckled. Of them all, he seemed to find Leah's infatuation with Olivia the most amusing. "And I'll say it again and again and again!" Leah cried happily, throwing a handful of chocolate sprinkles in the air. "Leah," Valentine said warningly, remembering the last time a food fight had erupted because of her. "Sorry." Leah smiled sheepishly, dropping her arms. "Olivia, I pity you," Draco says with a heavy sigh. "Take it from me. It doesn't get better." "No, really, it's okay. I'm getting used to Leah's personality." Olivia insisted. "Oh, that's positively tragic." Draco frowned. "Val, she's taken a victim." "Hmm." Valentine hummed. "Perhaps we should have done more than fantasied about pushing her in front of the train." "What!" Leah gapped at them. The group laughed, even Olivia was trying to hide a smile. Leah didn't join them for once, pouting and burying her face in Olivia's shoulder. Valentine was enjoying herself. Not only for the food but because how fun it was to just be with her friends, even if they liked a side of her that she had personally fabricated. That was okay for now. She would take what she could get. She wouldn't ask for more. "Hey, Val. Pass me a slice?" Draco asked from her right, gesturing to the cake sitting in front of her. She did as he asked and passed it to him. Draco had quickly seemed to forget how she had treated him or at least decided to ignore it. Every now and again she'd catch him looking at her apprehensively, but other then that, Draco appeared to hold no grudge. Things had gone back to the way they'd always been and it gave Valentine hope that things would always defuse between them so easily. For all his numerous faults, Draco was her best friend, not counting Leah, of course. She couldn't imagine her life without either of them. The thought made her feel cold. Growing up in the manor by herself. No one to play tricks on, no one to argue with. That would have been a bleak childhood indeed. Valentine blinked the thoughts away. She didn't need to worry about things like that because Draco and Leah were here and they were not at Malfoy Manor. The entire hall seemed to be in just as good a mood, although more openly then she could ever be. Everybody was calm and happy with the satisfying treats, laughing and talking in the carefree manner all children should. It wasn't perfect, but it was damn near to it. That's was until Professor Quirrell ran in screaming bloody murder. "TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!" Valentine's eyes immediately narrowed at the sight of him. Seeing the professor out of sorts wasn't an odd sight to say the least, what struck Valentine as odd was the fact that he was shrieking like someone had slammed his fingers in a door. This fumbling man had never screamed like that and was usually a timid, stuttering mess. The man froze as the room grew so silent you could hear a pin drop. As Dumbledore stood from his chair, the Halloween festivities halted. "Thought you ought to know." The professor promptly fainted sending the students into an immediate uproar. Screaming filled the room, people jumped up from their seats and ran for the doors in a wild craze. Beside Valentine, Draco cried out in terror and flew to his feet. Olivia and Leah clung to one another. Blaze and Liam were trying to stuff their robe pockets with as much food as possible. Valentine sat still as the chaos raged around her. She kept her eyes trained on Dumbledore, trusting him to handle the situation. "SILENCE!" Dumbledore's voice echoed throughout the Great Hall and just like the word he spoke suggested, all lips fell quiet and all movement ceased. "Everyone will please, not panic. Now, Prefects will lead their houses back to the dormitories. Teachers will follow me to the dungeons." "Where do we go!" Draco exclaimed. "Is he forgetting that our dorms are in the dungeon?" Liam frowned confusedly. Just over the crowd of rushing students, the voice of Slytherins Prefect carried over the noise. She told all the Slytherins to stay put for the time being, but the students were in a panic. Valentine's gaze shot over to the teacher's table, searching for some higher instruction, just in time to see Professor Snape disappear through a door beside the staff table. Where is he going? Does he not realize he has an entire house of students that he is responsible for? Or that Dumbledore said for the teachers to go to the Dungeons? He's needed and he's not even going to help! Valentine looked to her friends and saw they were all preoccupied with one another. Leah and Olivia stood together, chatting nervously. Draco, Blaze and Liam were harassing the Prefect. It was perfect. With nobody paying her any attention she began to slip through the dense crowd of terrified students towards the door she had seen her Potions Professor disappear through only moments ago. She reached the door and with one last look at the Great Hall, she stepped through the door, completely unseen. The hall she was met with was dully lit by several pillars and had the same cold atmosphere that was found in the dungeons. It was a stark contrast to the havoc of the Great Hall. "Where did he go?" She asked aloud. She moved down the hall quickly, hoping to catch up with him. Picking up the pace she found herself running, her footsteps echoing her air. So far, she hadn't been in this particular part of the castle and trusted her memory to stop her from getting lost. Where is he? He couldn't be that far ahead could he? Suddenly a hand swung out from an oncoming corner. It took hold of her robes and hissed as Valentine's foot connected with its shin. It was then when she looked up at her attacker to find the very man she'd been searching for. "Professor..." She said breathlessly. Physical exertion was not her strong suit. "You idiotic child!" The man growled furiously. "What are doing?" "Following you obviously!" Valentine shot back. "You do know you're going the wrong way, don't you? I don't recall this being the way to the dungeons. There is a troll in the castle, I should mention encase you've somehow forgotten." "Go back to Great Hall now, you stupid girl!" He ordered, obsidian eyes glowing with unchecked anger. "I will not!" She said stubbornly. "Tell me what's going on." She searched his eyes. There was something he wasn't saying. Something he didn't want her in particular to know. "What is it? Do you know something about the troll?" "Stay out of this Lestrange." "It's has something to do with Potter, doesn't it? If so, it's my right to know!" The professor glared harshly down at Valentine, who returned his stare with a look of pure defiance. His silence was practically an admission of guilt and she wasn't willing to give up. If this did, in fact, have something to do with Harry Potter then she wasn't going to turn her back on it. "We don't have time for this!" Valentine exclaimed in frustration. "I'm involved whether you like it or not." Snape was silent for a moment, she could see the brief flickering of warring emotions in his dark gaze. "Fine!" Snape roared. "I believe Professor Quirrell is after the Philosophers stone." Bloody hell. "And he's using the troll as a distraction." Valentine nodded, the gears in her mind already turning. "He won't have much of a trial getting past Fluffy if he has knowledge of how to subdue him either." Snape blinked at her, clearly surprised by her sudden change in demeanour. "Do you believe it's possible that Quirrell is somehow involved with Voldemort? Or that he wishes to harm Potter?" Valentine asked seriously. "Dumbledore is certain that Voldemort will find a way to come back, he of all people would benefit from immortality." "Yes." Snape nodded. "He intends to steal the stone and give it to The Dark Lord. I am sure of it." "Then we have to go now. We have to protect the stone."Valentine turned to continue down the hall when Snape grabbed her shoulder and held her in her place. "Like hell we are. You will go back to the Great Hall, now." Snape commanded coldly. "I will not." Valentine shoved his hand roughly from her shoulder. She did not like to be touched. "This is my mission." "I do not need your help." "Well, you have it regardless." "How could you possibly help me in any way?" He spat cruelly. She pulled her wand from her robes. "Do not underestimate my abilities, Professor." Valentine wasn't discouraged by his words, bright eyes glowing in determination. "I'm not some helpless little child that you can brush aside. If Voldemort comes back the first thing he'll do is kill Potter and we, the people who tasked with his protection, are standing here doing nothing. Don't see something wrong with that picture?" She glared sharpened daggers at Snape and for a moment there was complete silence between them. "Fine!" He growled again, finally caving. With one last glare, the two took off down the corridor, pillars of fire guiding there steps. They didn't speak. What was there to say? They both had a mission and the objective was to beat Quirrell to the stone or risk the life of Harry Potter. Their footsteps echoed along the walls as the two ran onwards. What was his problem? I already agreed to help. I'm involved. No ifs, ands or buts. So, why throw such a grand hissy fit? He's been against me from the start, but why? I've never done anything to warrant that kind of treatment from him. Alright. That may not be entirely true, but he has treated me like crap from the beginning, although it's plain to see he rarely treats anyone the way they should be. It was my decision and I know I made the right one. It's been two years. He can't expect me to sit back and act like a normal student, because I'm not one. Like I would let him dictate my actions to begin within. I don't listen to him in class let alone when it comes to things like this. He won't get anywhere by making an enemy of me, we're supposed to be on the same side. At the pace they were going, they both came to stand before the door that Valentine had watched three Gryffindors disappear into and soon after bolt out screaming, before too long. "What should happen if Quirrell already has the stone?" Valentine asked, still out of breath and brushing locks of her hair from her eyes. "He won't. Not yet. There are several obstacles he'd have to make his way through first if he managed to get here before us." Snape answered. "Then we still have time. The last I saw of him he was lying face down in the middle of the Great Hall." She nodded. "Are you ready, Professor? We both know what's on the other side of that door." "Yes, Dumbledore told me about your little adventure." He said stiffly, regarding her coldly. "Let's get this over with." Snape pulled out his wand and in a swift movement of his arm, the door slammed open. The open door revealed nothing but what Valentine had seen before. Fluffy slept peacefully, the harp in the corner playing a soft melody. "I'm surprised that didn't wake him," Valentine mumbled to herself in relief, she'd already put him to sleep once and the harp really wasn't her thing. "Quirrell hasn't been here." "Which means he's still coming," Snape added, turned his back to the door and with another flick of his wrist it shut. Valentine gripped her wand firmly, scrolling through the mental list of defensive spells she knew. "You should leave, Lestrange. I'm sure your cousin will notice your disappearance." Said, Snape. "As I said before, I am not leaving. It is my right." She growled, keeping her voice low. "I haven't been treating people like dirt for this long just for the fun of it." "I can deal with Quirrell myself." Snape hissed back. "You are not needed in this." "I already gave you my answer, Professor." Valentine stood her ground, refusing to be persuaded. "I don't know what your problem with me doing my part is, but you better get used to it." "Stubborn brat," Snape said between gritted teeth. "Well, this stubborn brat isn't going anywhere." She raised her chin defiantly. Valentine words trailed off into nothingness and silence overcame the two. He had nothing else to say to her and Valentine was glad because their bickering was pointless. There was nothing he could say to stop her on doing this. She knew it's importance. Mere moments later, Valentine's ears were met with the echo of light footsteps upon the stone floor. "Someone's coming." Her voice dropped so low Snape could barely hear her. "Get ready," Snape whispered, swishing his wrist towards the pedestal of light, snuffing out the flame and blanketing them in darkness. That was fine. Valentine was used to the darkness. The footsteps grew louder as they came closer. Valentine focused on the sound, her mind signalling out the most effective spells she had learned that she could use in confidence. Severing Charm, Diffindo. General Counter-Spell, Finite. Seize and Pull Charm, Carpe Retractum. Any of these would be useful, though I've only read about both the General Counter-Spell and the Seize and Pull Charm. They're both second and third year spells that I haven't tried my hand at yet. I was able to use Colloportus and Alohomora before, but there're simple first year spells even if it had been the first time I used them. All in all, it's all a bit of a risk considering I don't have any knowledge of Quirrell's duelling abilities. Valentine caught Snape watching her from the corner of her eye. She arched a brow in question and he looked away as though he hadn't been looking in the first place. The footsteps drew nearer. Then, just as a dark figure approached the two, they ceased. The outline drew closer and Valentine could just make out the face of her Defence Against the Dark Arts teacher, that she'd seen face down on the floor minutes ago. The fact that he is here at all means that he knows about the stone. What he's part in this? Is Snape right about him wanting it for Voldemort? "P-p-professor-or S-Snape. M-miss Les-strange. W-what are you do-doing here? I came t-to-" "Stop your blubbering, Quirrell," Snape said, his voice hard and cold, wand raised and ready. "Turn around and walk away." "B-b-but I-I-" Quirrell stuttered, taking a tentative step forward. "I said stop." Snape's wand arm straightened. "Not another step." "P-p-please...I'm o-only-" Quirrell fidgeted nervously. "Didn't hear Professor Snape, sir?" Valentine's voice broke through the man nervous stuttering, innocent and soft beside Snape's harsh tone. She smiled sweetly. "But surely you did? He told you to not take another step." "O-oh, please I-I-" "Perhaps we could even have a little chat." She suggested far too casually for the situation at hand. "Talk about why exactly you're here." Quirrell didn't reply. "Quirrell." Valentine's growl caused the fumbling Professor to gasp, the innocence in her voice now going and replaced with quiet anger, her eyes staring coldly as if attempting to freeze his soul. "This can be done easily or not so easily. The easy way will benefit you more, but it won't prove much fun for me. Now choose." The man stood silently shaking, his body rigid, his eyes wide. All the tell-tale signs of fear. He looks like he's going to faint. I almost feel sorry for him. Almost. "Professor Snape, I do believe that our friend Quirrell here has chosen the not-so-easy way." She added, when Quirrell refused to say anything, her voice reverting back to soft and velvet-like. "Indeed," Snape answered stiffly and rose his arm, ready to attack the man. "Wait! Don't. Please, I was just coming here to protect the stone! I swear!" Quirrell pleaded, the stutter in his words gone. "I'm telling the truth!" "My, my. Quirrell, you should rejoice. That horrible speech impediment of yours seems to be disappeared." Valentine smiled cruelly at the man, who eyes widened in realization. For a single moment, Quirrell stood utterly frozen, then he pulled out his wand, his reflexes like lighting and throwing a spell at Snape. Snape easily deflected it, but by then Quirrell had turned on his heel and begun to make a run for it. I can't let him get away! "Carpe Retractum!" Valentine shouted, her wand flashing before her. A rope of bright, white light shot out of the tip of Valentine's wand. It flung itself around the fleeing Professors ankle like a rabbit caught in a hunters trap. The girl pulled her wand back, attempting to drag the man towards her, but physical strength won out. The wizard, tripping in the progress, ripped his foot from the glowing rope, that then retracted back into her wand. Damn! Snape threw a spell down at Quirrell, who rolled onto his back, narrowly missing it. Quirrell flicked another spell at Snape, who once again deflected it with a simple swish. Then Quirrell cast towards Valentine who barely had the chance to jump aside. Quirrell scrambled to his feet hurriedly, Snape and Valentine already on his heels. "Carpe Retractum!" Valentine cast again, but the rope that shot from her wand missed its mark by a wide birth. The two chased Quirrell along the hall, pedestals of fire lighting as they ran. Just before they reached an area of the castle where they might actually run into someone, Quirrell shot a spell over his shoulder. Valentine raised her wand to deflect, Finite already on her lips when Snape jumped in front her, wand slashing at the air. Snape's shield lit up as Quirrell's spell bounced off it and back towards its caster. Quirrell dodged it and ducked around a corner. Valentine and Snape took off after him again. The three exited the third floor where they were met with another corridor and a entry to the tower with the stairs that liked to move on their own. We'll never catch him like this! Valentine stopped, bracing herself against the wall. Snape took no notice of her absence and continued the chase. I do not have the stamina for this. Valentine turned away from the hall and began to make her way down one of the many staircases. She passed through here every day. By now she knew her way perfectly, but the stairs had a mind of their own and occasionally seemed to work solely against her. This chase was endless and was now happening in far too open an area. After all, Gryffindor tower could be accessed easily from where she was. The reality of getting caught was very real. She bounded down the stairs and into a corridor, that would take her directly into Quirrell's path. This way she and Snape could box him in one area. Simple yet elegant. Just as she was about to turn into the path that would lead her to Quirrell when voices rung out and stopped her in her tracks. Valentine pushed herself against the wall and tried her best to listen over the feral beating of her heart. "Quickly, the troll has been sighted in the girl's lavatory." The voice was Professor McGonagall's. "Y-yes, right a-way!" Quirrell! Valentine peaked around the corner to see Professor's McGonagall, Quirrell and Snape standing in the corridor. None of them seemed to notice her from her hiding place and she took care to hold her ragged breath. Valentine then watched as they hurried off towards the girl's bathroom. She quirked an eyebrow as she watched Snape walk with off a slight limp. As the Professors neared the end of the hall, Valentine stepped around the corner and made her away over to where the three teachers had stood. Something dark on the stone floor caught her eye. Valentine bent down for closer inspection, she gently touched the dark liquid and upon observation found it was blood. She looked up to where the Professors had disappeared around the corner, realization shining in her electric blue eyes. What happened in those mere seconds that I'd gone the other way? It had been maybe a minute at most. She'd stopped. Concocted a small tactic of a plan and by the time it could have been of any use, the game had changed altogether, grinding to an utter halt. She could only assume that Snape and Quirrell had run into McGonagall only mere moments before Valentine almost stumbled into them. Then, as she saw, McGonagall told them that the troll been sighted in the girl's bathroom and off they went. Valentine's heart hammered in her chest, now thatuseless adrenaline coursing through her. She took a moment to sit and lean back against the wall, wiping beaded sweat from her brow. A practically idyllic evening had gone to hell in seconds. "Bloody hell." She breathed out. "It's going to be like this the whole time, isn't it?" --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine waited until the other Slytherins had begun to make their way back the common room before joining them. "Draco! Leah!" Valentine called over the crowd of Slytherin students, as she spotted her friends, or rather heard Leah. "She could be dead! Oh, God! What if she's dead! There's a freaking troll on the loose! She could have been eaten! She could have been- She could be perfectly alive and well!" Leah was the first to see Valentine, elbowing Blaze none too gently. "See, I told you she's okay!" Valentine pushed through the students, glaring and hissing 'move out of my way' more than once. "You were the one freaking out, you spaz!" Said Blaze rubbed at his now tender ribs. "Was not!" Leah shot back. "Was too!" Blaze objected. "Was not!" "Was too!" "Was not!" "Was not!" Said Blaze. "Was TOO!" Leah crossed her arms over her chest. Blaze and Liam laughed at the girl's mistake. "Wait! I-I mean...I mean...ARG! You guys are so cruel!" The girl then buried herself into Olivia's side. "Val, where have you been?" Draco asked as Valentine neared them. "I went to ask Snape where we were supposed to go. We couldn't exactly go back to the dungeons. I couldn't find him, and by the time I'd come back to find you, you had already left." She explained smoothly. "You didn't think to bring one of us with you? Or at least tell us where you were going!" Draco snapped at her. "Please, you were all too preoccupied with freaking out about the troll." Valentine rolled her eyes at him. "Was not!" Leah shouted. "Shut up!" Blaze said. "We are not starting that again." "Everyone shut up!" Draco demanded, and turned and stormed away. "And I thought Leah was melodramatic," Blaze mumbled. "Don't worry, she still is," Liam assured him. "VALLLLL!" Leah detached herself from Olivia so she could fling herself at Valentine. "I was so worried about you!" "Get off me," Valentine grumbled, shoving her away. She was tired and wanted nothing more than to sleep but knew that Dumbledore would want to discuss what had happened. I'm going to be so damn tired tomorrow. --Pretending To Hate-- "Let's get this over with." Valentine yawned as she stepped into Dumbledore's office that night. "Having difficulty staying up past your bedtime?" Snape scoffed at her. "Oh, shut up, you old bat." Valentine snapped at him. "I would remind you, once again, that I am your Professor and should be treated with respect." Snape's expression darkened. "Sir, I don't treat anyone with respect between the hours of ten PM and eight AM." "Shall we, as they say, get on with it then?" Dumbledore interrupted gently before Snape could fire back. If left to their own devices they could surely argue for hours on end. "We shall," Snape said stiffly, turning away from her. "So." Valentine planted a hand on either hip. "What are we going to do about Quirrell?" "What do you believe we should do?" Dumbledore asked from behind his large desk. "Well, he can't stay on here surely." She frowned. Dumbledore didn't answer. "Sir?" Snape pressed tersely. "But we know he's going after the stone." Valentine's brow furrowed. "But he didn't succeed." Dumbledore nodded slowly. "Well, yes, but is that really enough to let this slide? Because we stopped him one time? We don't even know why he wanted it in the first place." "That is exactly why I have asked Professor Snape to keep an eye on him." Said Dumbledore. "You were both quick enough to stop him before and I doubt he will get so close again." "Forgive me, sir," Valentine crossed her arms over her chest. "but that seems incredibly unwise. He let a bloody troll into the school. Professor Snape himself said that he was sure Voldemort was involved in this." "Severus?" Dumbledore looked to the man in question. "I only meant that the Dark Lord, should he return, would benefit from the stone's abilities." He explained gruffly. "What?" Valentine snapped at him. "You did not. You said that you were sure Quirrell intended to steal it and give it to Voldemort!" "There is no proof that Quirrell is in league with Voldemort." Snape pinned her with a glare. "What the hell?" She shook her head at him. "Have you been cursed with indecisiveness or are you just unsure about your position in these matters?" "I know my position perfectly well, Lestrange." He spat hatefully. "And how sure are you of that, Professor?" She goaded him. "I have had enough of your disrespectful att!-" "Severus." Dumbledore interceded once more, again in that same calm manner. "Perhaps we will save the raised voices for your next class together." "I shouldn't need to raise my voice," Snape said through gritted teeth. "Then maybe you shouldn't." Valentine huffed. Snape glared at her as though he wished she would just disappear forever. He probably did. "Sir," Valentine looked to Dumbledore again. "I know Quirrell is up to something! We all know he is up to something!" "My dear, if Quirrell is such a threat, then perhaps Hogwarts is the best place for him." Said Dumbledore. "Here when can keep him in our sights. I trust that Professor Snape will keep a watchful gaze on him and that we will be able to intervene should attempt to steal the stone again. And even if he should, I am confident in the securities left in place should such a situation occur." Valentine frowned. She understood where he was coming from and she trusted his judgement to a fault but it felt like a mistake to her. She knew Dumbledore had decades of intelligence on her and that, even if she hated him, she could trust Snape to keep Quirrell as far away from the stone as possible. "If there is any solid evidence of Quirrell being involved with the Dark Lord," Said Dumbledore seriously. "then I assure you, immediate action will be taken. Until then, Quirrell will remain here at Hogwarts, where we can see him." --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine leaned forwards on the couch, resting her hands on her knees and clasping her hands together. It was just past midnight and she doubted she would be sleeping tonight. When she had gotten back from Dumbledore's office she had slumped there on a couch, staring moodily at the low, green flames licking at the coals in the fireplace. They were almost completely dead by now but she stared still. It didn't sit right with her, simply letting Quirrell be after what had happened tonight. She only hoped that Dumbledore was right. Perhaps Quirrell wouldn't even make another attempt. Maybe he had seen that it was pointless. At least she knew he couldn't say anything about her being there with Snape, not without incriminating himself. It's not like I did anything that could give away the secret. If it ever somehow came up I would just say that I followed Snape and made him tell me what was going on. Anyone who's seen us together would believe that. God. Bloody Snape. What the hell is his problem? Has he never had a good day in his life? Was he born with a permanent scowl? Valentine couldn't stop the grin that wormed its way onto her face. Snape. Orange slime. The Weasley twins. Ah. Now that was a good day. She bought her hands up to rest her chin on them, grinning smugly. Oh, he was so mad. Valentine heard faint footsteps, a stumble, a thud and then a long string of curses. She immediately sat straight, craning her neck to see across the common room. She had turned just in time to watch Blaze roll down the last few steps, his head thunking on every one of them. He lay there, sprawled on his back, wearing blue plaid pajamas and moaning like a wounded bear. "What the actual hell?" Said Valentine, brow raised. "Gah!" Blaze bolt upright, staring at her in shock. "You scared the crap out of me!" "Clearly." "Bloody hell." Blaze heaved a sigh, clapping a hand over his heart. "I think you just shaved about thirty years off my life." "Look at it this way, that's thirty years closer to getting away from Leah." Blaze paused, considering this. "You do have a point there." "I know." Blaze paused again, thinking. "My head hurts." He said decidedly. "You tripped, I assume?" "Yeah," Blaze groaned. "For a second I thought I was back at home and our place doesn't have a bend in the staircase like that. Oh man, am I going to be sore tomorrow." "Were you walking with your eyes closed?" "No." Blaze hefted himself off the floor unsteadily. "I just can't see in the dark. I'm not a rabbit." Valentine rolled her eyes and turned back to the fire. It was too late and she was too tired to snap at him. She heard Blaze grumbling to himself as he walked over to the couches and plopped himself down into the armchair. "Why are you up so late?" Valentine asked him. "I got sick of Draco's pacing and talking to himself." Blaze scoffed. "He's been doing that since we got back. I think he's...you know..." "Mad at me?" "Thank you for saying that, yes." Blaze let out a sigh of relief. "He's annoyed that you disappeared, so after he complained to Liam and me for an hour and we actually tried to sleep, he just stared to complaining to himself. And I'll say it, he looks like a nutter." Valentine felt a stab of guilt at that. She was the source of Draco's distress. But there was nothing she could do about it so she shoved it into the back of mind with the rest of her guilt and shame. "Draco doesn't sleep well under stress." "Heh, yeah, no kidding." Blaze snorted. "I think he should be fine though in the morning. If he actually sleeps, I mean. I doubt he would stay mad at you for long." "Are you trying to comfort me, Blaze?" Valentine arched a brow at him dubiously. "Believe me, I don't think I could comfort you if my life depended on it." "Good. It's irritating." Valentine said bluntly. "Oh." Blaze looked about the room awkwardly. "So. Ah...what are you doing up?" "Not sleeping." "That's cool." Blaze nodded, biting his lip. "You don't have to tell me. I certainly won't press you. You're super scary and I, you know, actually kind of value my life and well being." "That's uncharacteristically wise of you." "Thank...you?" Blaze replied unsurely. He then shrugged it off and swung his legs over the arm of the chair. "Anyway. How do you think a whole troll got into the school?" "As opposed to just a limb?" "You know what I mean." "Well, it stands to reason that someone let it in." "Like who though?" Blaze frowned. "Maybe it was a prank?" "And how do you suppose that students would get access to a troll, Blaze?" "You got me there." He sighed. "Imagine though. Getting a troll into a school. Someone must have shrunk it first, you know, or how else would it have fit? And the dungeons? How would you even get it down there without someone seeing?" "You're really taken in by this, aren't you?" "Well, yeah. But only cause it's a whole troll!" "My God." Valentine snorted. "You're just like Leah." Blaze promptly choked on his spit. "Okay, I know that you know you're terrifying," Blaze eyed her sourly. "And you are. But that's the kind of slander I just cannot allow." "And what exactly will you do about that?" Valentine gave him a cool, level stare. Blaze swallowed, shoulders going rigid. "Nothing. Because I'm terrified and you know that I know that you're terrifying." Blaze nodded resolutely. "And it is way too late to be terrified." Valentine just snorted at his babbling and leaned back in the couch. They fell into a long silence, both starring into the dying fire with nothing said. It was peaceful. And then Blaze decided that simply wouldn't do. "So, I have a question." "What is it?" "Leah." "Leah?" "What the hell is wrong with her?" "I am resigned to say it, but she was born that way." "Dang." Blaze sighed. "Doomed from the start." "Quite." "She bit me the other day, did you know that? She full-on had my freaking arm in her freaking mouth. Draco had to flick her in the eye when Olivia couldn't get her off." "She has been known to do that." "But why? Why is she like this? Weird I can deal with. Weird is fine. I wouldn't have survived my family if it wasn't but that girl is certifiable." "I believe her mother was trying to train her but Leah refuses to see the reason in being anything other than insane." "Well. At least she's at peace with herself. I don't know what could save her." "I think that ship has sailed." "Hmm." They lapsed back into another silence, Blaze burrowing back into the armchair, obviously drifting off to sleep. Minutes passed and Valentine watched him from the corner of her eye. Why doesn't he just go to sleep if he's tired? There's no reason to stay up. While Valentine had been distracted watching Blaze fight the grip of sleep, she didn't hear the footsteps coming up behind her until there was a loud yawn. "Gah!" Blaze shot upright once again, now wide awake. The two looked over at Liam, standing at the entrance of the boy's dorm. His pajamas were dark red, but Valentine could hardly see them beneath the blanket he had wrapped around himself. "Oh, hey." He yawned again, dark hair mused comically. "Oh, hey?" Blaze bristled. "You almost scared me to death." "You look pretty alive to me." Liam squinted across the dim room at him. "Only on the outside." Blaze quipped bitterly. Liam trudged over, blanket dragging over the floor behind him. He flopped down on the couch beside Valentine with a half-asleep smile. "Why are you awake?" He asked her. "Because I'm not asleep." Liam blinked. "Okay, then." "What about you?" Blaze nodded to him. "Has Draco dropped yet?" "Nope." Liam sighed. "The talking to himself and the walking around I could handle. But eventually, he calmed down, sat on his bed and started staring at the wall. And then he didn't stop. Which is creepy as hell. Pacing like a mad man is fine, sitting alone and staring at nothing like a serial killer is not." "Fair enough." Blaze shrugged and then stopped to look closer at Liam. "You know...that blanket looks pretty warm." "Sure is." Liam yawned tugging it closer around himself. "It's decent-sized too." "I suppose so, yes." "Big enough to fit at least two people." "Blaze." "Yes?" "Just get under the bloody blanket." A huge grin broke out on Blaze's face and his bolted up out of the chair, scrambling over the coffee table between them. Liam shifted over and held up one side for Blaze to duck under. "I love you, man." Blaze said as he nuzzled into the newfound warmth. "That's nice, man." Liam yawned again. Valentine scoffed loudly at them. "I'm sure we could fit another." Blaze peered over at her. "Why not?" Liam lifted up the other side of the blanket. "No thank you." Valentine rolled her eyes. "I'm not cold." "More warmth for us then." Liam shrugged, settling back against the couch cushions. "Uh, Blaze?" Nothing. "Blaze?" Liam said again, nudging the other boy. "How the hell did he fall asleep so fast?" "He's practically been fighting sleep for the last twenty minutes." Valentine rolled her eyes. "I don't understand why he didn't just let himself." "My guess is he probably didn't want to leave you awake by yourself." Liam blinked blearily. Oh. "That's stupid." She replied. That's actually really thoughtful considering how thoughtless he usually is. "It's just a guess." Liam yawned. Again. "Go to sleep." Valentine groaned irritably. "I don't care if I'm the only one awake. I was before you two came down here." "You sure?" Liam cocked his head to one side slightly. "Sure as the fact that Blaze is drooling." "Huh?" Liam looked to the boy in question. "Come on, man. Not on the blanket!" Valentine surpassed a laugh and looked over at the fire, now dead, only the orange embers still glowing in the ashes. "Goodnight, then." Said Liam. "Goodnight." Answered Valentine, not sparing him a glance. She sat there and listened to the boys breathing, shuffling further along the couch when Liam bought his legs up. She watched the embers turn to tiny sparks in the soot and then to nothing at all. By now the boys were dead asleep, propped up against one another under the blanket. Valentine let herself smile because now they couldn't see her. If only the world could see this side of the horrid bullies. What would they think then?
"Olivia!" Leah shook the other girl's arm fiercely. "Olivia, look!" Leah had nine pieces of buttered toast balanced precariously on the top of her head. "Behold my greatest skill!" "Uh..." Olivia blinked, mouth hanging limp. "That's nice?" "My record is fifteen!" "Well, that's a waste of food." Said Blaze as he, Draco and Liam joined the girls at the table. "You're just jealous!" Leah sneered. "Of the fact that you can balance a stack of crunchy bread on your head? Not really." Blaze said with a deadpanned expression. "Arg." Liam groaned. "Can you not refer to toast as crunchy bread? It's too early to process that right now." "Speaking of early," Blaze glanced over at Valentine, sitting silently on the other side of Olivia. "how can read first thing in the morning? My eyes aren't even awake yet." "That's probably from lack of regular stimulus." "Huh?" "I think she's trying to tell you to use your eyes more," Olivia answered helpfully. "But I use them every day?" "Perhaps you use your eyes but do not see." Said Leah, closing her eyes slowly and pressing her palms together over her chest as though she was praying. "Oh, shut up, toast head," Blaze grunted. "Clearly your insults are still asleep as well," Valentine muttered, mostly to herself but loud enough that everyone could hear. Leah giggled dementedly at that. Valentine's eyes flickered up at Draco who was sitting across from her, pouring cereal into his bowl. He looked tired, she noticed. Paler than usual. She caught him glance up at her and he quickly looked away. "Good morning." He said quietly. "Morning." She replied gruffly. Draco had never been good at hiding when he was upset and from what Valentine could tell, he didn't seem awfully so. Perhaps a bit put off. Even if he had been utterly furious with her, she wouldn't have faulted him for it. Before she could look back down at her book and continue reading, something over Draco's shoulder caught her eye. It was Snape, talking to Harry who sat with his friends. It was further down the Gryffindor table and she couldn't hear what was being said. She didn't see Harry's mouth move at all and Snape turned away. Immediately she noticed the uneven pacing of his steps. She remembered the blood she had found last night and the way he had limped. Why didn't he just get that taken care of? Why limp around like a crippled when it could be fixed? Well. Whatever. She couldn't bring herself to spare further thoughts on the matter. Snape was Snape and Snape was an ass. Maybe, she thought, a little bloodletting would decrease the size of his head. "By the way," Olivia cleared her voice. "did you two sleep in the common room last night?" "Uh, yeah," Liam admitted sheepishly. "Why?" Leah frowned. "Um..." Blaze quickly glanced at Liam. "I kicked them out." Draco jumped in nonchalantly. "They wouldn't shut up and I was trying to sleep." "Oh, so that's why you look like a vampire today." Leah snorted. "Shut up." Draco scowled. "You know I'm just pale like that." "Heck yeah, I know." Leah leaned over towards Liam and Blaze. "You two have seen him without a shirt on by now, right? He's whiter snow. It's practically blinding in the moonlight. Like he literally glows." "Can we not talk about this?" Draco's brow twitched, clearly embarrassed. "Val's no better really." Leah continued. "It must run in the family. They never tan either. They just burn and turn into human tomatoes. Then they go right back to being white again." "Yeah, I totally get that." Blaze said seriously. They all laughed at that and even Valentine smiled lightly. Then the screech of an owl caught their attention. Valentine looked back over Draco's shoulder as a white owl with dark markings dropped a suspiciously broom shaped parcel in front of Harry Potter. Oh, bloody hell, I forgot. Freaking Quidditch. Instead of receiving punishment for his unsupervised flying stunt during class, Harry had been given the place of seeker on the Gryffindor Quidditch team. The first match was today. Freaking Quidditch. --Pretending To Hate-- "Hello, and welcome to Hogwarts' first Quidditch game of the season!" Came the voice of the excited commentator. "Today's game: Slytherin versus Gryffindor!" Today was the day of Quidditch match between Gryffindor and Slytherin just as the commentator had said. Everyone was bouncing with excitement and anticipation, first-years especially. Quidditch was the most popular sport within the Wizarding community. Valentine didn't quite get it. She stood with her friends among the other Slytherins, shouting filled her ears and she was almost blinded by flashing green and reds. The concept of flying around a Quidditch pitch, chasing other flying objects and attempting to get them into large metal rings all the whilst not falling to your death didn't appeal to her in the least. It sounded like an accident waiting to happen and it often was given how dangerous the sport was. People broke bones, lost the occasional limb, even risked getting their eyes gouged out by another players broom. Despite its many cons, the game had never been anything but incredibly well-loved worldwide. Next year Draco was sure to try out for the Slytherin Quidditch team and whether, through his own talent or his father's influence, he was going to be on it. Valentine didn't like to think about it. She was confident in his flying skills but Quidditch was an exceedingly unpredictable activity at times and the fall to the ground was a long one. Valentine supposed her dislike for it could have been due to her lack of particular skill with a broom. That was Draco's area of expertise. She was exceptional at so many things, there was bound to be something that wasn't for her. She was fairly certain this was it. It wasn't long before both teams, Gryffindor and Slytherin, were both floating above the Quidditch field. She'd never actually been to a Quidditch game before and her stomach tightens uncomfortably. Of course, the person she had sworn to protect had been recently announced as the youngest Seeker in a century. Of, bloody, course. When Harry Potter had caught Neville Longbottom's stolen Remembrall, courtesy of Draco, he'd won more than just the esteem of many of his classmates. McGonagall herself had witnessed the unlikely catch and swiftly pointed Harry in the direction of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. First years almost never managed to snag a spot on a Quidditch team, let alone win Seeker. As impressed as Valentine was, and honestly glad for the boy, it would do nothing to make her less nervous. "SLYTHERIN! SLYTHERIN! SLYTHERIN!" Valentine rolled her eyes at the sight of Leah and boys cheering wildly. At least they're enjoying themselves. It appeared that Liam and Blaze took Quidditch as seriously has Draco did. Leah, who didn't take anything seriously, was, however, easily swept up in the excitement. "The players take their positions as Madam Hooch steps out onto the field to begin the game." Said the commentator. "Now, I want a nice clean game...from all of you." Madam Hooch said pointedly to the smirking Slytherin team. They were known for unfair tactics and having a penchant for purposely injuring other students. I made Valentine nervous. How far would they go? "The bludgers are up followed by the Golden Snitch. Remember, the snitch is worth 150 points." The commentator continued. "The seeker who catches the Snitch ends the game." Valentine's keen gaze caught sight of the faintest glimpse of golden flitting around Harry's head, then around Slytherin the seeker, before it disappeared into the air. "The Quaffle is released..." The crowd seemed to collectively hold its breath for a moment. "and the game begins!" Madam Hooch tossed the Quaffle straight up into the air and players quickly begun their dash towards it. The game progressed, each player going on with his or her role. The players flew through the air, dodging, trying to block balls and hopefully not get knocked to their death in the process. The crowd cheered and hollered chants from the stands, screaming names and laughing triumphantly when the opposite team missed a close shot. A loud ding and the voice rings throughout the stadium. "Angelina Johnson scores! Ten points for Gryffindor!" Valentine wasn't any more interested in the other players then she is the game itself. Valentine kept her gaze on Harry. He sat upon his broom clapping for his teammate. In his distraction, he almost missed the Bludger coming straight for him, only dodging it narrowly. Gryffindors in the stands only grew louder and Valentine hid her relief well. "Slytherin takes possession of the Quaffle." The commentator stated excitedly. "Bletchley passes to Captain Marcus Flint." There's another distinctive ding that sends Gryffindor cheering and the people around Valentine sighing and groaning. "Dammit!" Cursed Leah. How much do you want to bet she's barley even following the game? "GO, GO GRYFFINDOR! GO, GO GRYFFINDOR! GO, GO GRYFFINDOR!" The section of the students clad in red and golden chanted. "I didn't know Leah was that into Quidditch." Olivia turned to Valentine, shouting over the crowd. "She isn't really," Valentine answered, nodding her head towards Leah. "She's just easily influenced." "GO, GO GRYFFIN- I mean.SLYTHERIN! YEAH! LET'S GO SLYTHERIN!" Leah quickly covered up her fumble however noticeable it was to the people around her. Olivia laughed but over the crowd, Valentine couldn't hear the slightest giggle. "It's not that difficult to get the damn chant right!" Blaze scolded her. "SORRY! I CAN'T HEAR YOU OVER ALL THE CHANTING!" Leah wilfully ignored him. It didn't take long for the Slytherin team to adhere to their reputation and decide to play dirty, attempting to knock players from the rival team off their brooms. They could literally kill someone with that kind of behaviour! There's another ding, and this time its Slytherins teams turn to wave their flags in triumph. "Yeah!" Blaze and Leah shared an excited high five. Marcus Flint snatched away a bat from another of his team member, taking it to a Bludger that then came barrelling through the air, smashing into the stomach of the Gryffindor Captain. He takes that long fall to the arena floor and Valentine hides her clenched fists in her pocket. "Do you think he's okay?" Olivia's brow creased in worry. "Okay?" Liam somehow heard her over the roar of the crowd. "I'm surprised he's alive!" "That's seriously Gryffindors captain?" Draco scoffed. "Talk about weak." Valentine observed it all with disinterest, smoothing her worry and trying to forget that it could have been Harry Potter taking a Bludger to the stomach and she would be able to do nothing but watch. What was Dumbledore thinking? Letting Potter participate in this stupid game? The game continued, Gryffindor now down a player and the Slytherins not playing fairly, to say the least. They box in Angelina Johnson from all sides and attack. Valentine could hardly believe that this kind of thing was allowed. "Get her!" She heard Draco exclaim. She fought the urge to slap him. Angelina Johnson was sent crashing into the side of the stadium wall. Olivia let out a startled squeal and hid her face in her hands. The others cheered louder. Valentine remained in her silence. Something caught Valentine's eye. The same thing as before. There was that tiny glint of golden light that zipped right past Harry. He quickly made chase after it. Valentine watched in rapt attention so when his broom began to shake and buckle hazardously, she noticed. What's happening? Is there something wrong with his broom? Maybe a Slytherin playing another trick? The broom continued to shake as if it was trying to throw Harry off. Everyone was beginning to notice now, murmurs filling the stands. Crap! What do I do? I knew something like this going to happen! "What's up with that?" Blaze asked loudly. "It looks like somethings wrong his broom." Liam turned and snatched the binoculars from Crabbe in the stands behind him. "This is perfect!" Added Draco. "Now we get to see Potter get taken down a peg!" "I'd say this is more than a peg!" Said Liam, peering through the binoculars. "Someone has definitely tampered with that broom." "Well, should find them and buy them a gift." Draco laughed cruelly. Then with another harsh shake, Harry is tossed from his broom and left dangling by one hand. His grip the only thing keeping him from ending up at the bottom of the stadium with Oliver Wood and Angelina Johnson. Although Valentine remained visibly calm, her insides were frozen, she felt as though she could throw up at any given moment. Her mind screamed at her to move, to do something. What can I do? With all these people here I would blow my cover if I try to help, but isn't keeping Harry safe more important? What if Liam's right? Who would tamper with Harry's bro- The crowd whispers anxiously, many crossing their fingers, all praying for the boy who lived. To have this happen during his debut match? That seemed like something of a bad omen. "Liam, binoculars!" Valentine demands. The boy stared blankly at her for a moment before Draco snatched it from his hands and passed them to her. Valentine took a second to peer through them at Harry, stilling literally hanging with his life in the balance. She twisted her head to the where all the professors sat. She did have one idea of who could have been causing this to happen. Someone who'd caused plenty of havoc during the Halloween Feast. She couldn't think of anyone else that had made themselves known to her as someone to be watched. She caught sight of Quirrell, sitting right behind Snape in the teachers stand. She thought she saw the barest hint of a smirk on Quirrell's thin lips and steely concertation in his eyes. It couldn't be a coincidence. She wanted to the march over there and dangle him over the edge just like what was happening to Harry. Then she noticed Snape's intense and unwavering gaze upon Harry as well, his lips working at a silent spell. The sight that almost put her at ease. He must be thinking the same as me. A counter cruse perhaps? Her eyes dashed back and forth from Harry, Quirrell, Snape and Harry again. Her heart pounding almost painfully in her chest. Was watching really all she could do? She took a moment, shifted her gaze to Dumbledore. He was half-standing as if preparing to step in if needed. What the hell is he waiting for? She glanced back over at Harry, checking that he was still there. By the time Valentine looked back to Snape, she saw him jump up from his seat in a manner very unlike him. Valentine looked closer and found that somehow her Potions Professor had caught fire. Okay, now that is both hilarious and incredibly inconvenient. In the rush to stamp out the fire, Snape knocked several other teachers from his path and in a fortunate chain effect, Quirrell. Her eyes raced back to Harry to find the boy pulling himself back onto his now steady broom. Yes! "Well, that was anticlimactic." Said Liam. "Talk about disappointing," Draco grumbled. Once Harry had his barring's he was zooming off after the Slytherin seeker, the cheers from the stands rising with him. And watch him die anyway. Great. Harry rams into the side of the Slytherin Seeker, only to be pushed away, but he wasn't done, crashing into the Seeker again. Valentine thought they must have gotten sight of the Snitch because they both dived down, taking the same path. The two were heading straight for the ground and Valentine could hardly breathe. Upon seeing the ground rushing towards him, the Slytherin Seeker pulled back, while Harry quickly waited until he had his chance to shift his broom parallel with the ground. Then Harry was standing. "No way!" Leah exclaimed. Valentine could see flashes of the Snitch just beyond his reach. He began to inch his way forward, stretching out his hand as far as he possibly could. With the brooms balance thrown off with his weight, he was sent toppling off the broom. Valentine clutched the binoculars so tight she thought they might break. Harry tumbling along the ground, the drop was mercifully short, and landing him back on his shaking feet. He stood, holding his belly. "Oh, God." Blaze winched. "He looks like he's going to hurl." Harry lurched forwards several times, heaving up nothing before the Snitch popped out of his mouth. "Are you kidding me?" Draco exclaimed in exasperation. Harry caught the Snitch deftly in his hands, staring down at it in disbelief. "He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch!" The commentator rejoiced. "Gryffindor wins!" Madam Hooch calls and blows her whistle. "No!" Draco slammed his hand on the railing before them. "How does that even count?" Liam frowned. Valentine shoved the binoculars back at him, already pushing her way through the crowd to exit the stands. It gave the pretence that she was as upset about Slytherin losing as Draco was. In reality, she felt as if her knees would come out from beneath her. Harry had only just narrowly escaped what could of very well been his death. Well. It's official. I hate Quidditch. --Pretending to Hate-- "I hate Quidditch!" Valentine announced as she stormed into the Head Masters office. Snape scoffed and rolled his eyes at her. "Don't even start or I'll set you on fire," She sneered. "and I'm fairly certain you've had enough of that today, correct?" "If we could keep the fire to a minimum, please," Dumbledore spoke up from behind his desk. "I would be most grateful." "Well, only because you asked so nicely, Professor." Valentine pouted. "You are insufferable." Snape rubbed at his eyes exasperatedly. "If I'm insufferable, then you are completely and utterly unendurable." "You should watch how you speak to me, you contemptuous brat." "Oh, are we getting to the big words now?" Valentine arched a brow at him. "I'd say you were supercilious but I think pretentious suits you much better." "Battle of vocabularies aside," Dumbledore stood. "I do believe we have a matter to discuss." "Yes." Valentine turned to him. "I was right." "Right?" Dumbledore frowned. "About Quirrell. He could have killed Potter today." "You believe Quirrell was the cause of today?" Dumbledore's brow furrow. "Of course." Valentine frowned. "I saw Snape countering whatever happened to Potter's broom and Quirrell was sitting right behind him looking like he was concentrating hard enough to pop a blood vessel. Then after Snape caught fire, which was the highlight of my week by the way- Thank you, Professor, for being so flammable- Quirrell's concentration was broken and Harry had no problem getting back on his broom. Coincidence? I think not." Dumbledore seemed either unconvinced or deep in thought. "Sir," Valentine said firmly. "I know what I saw. Who else could possibly want to jinx Potter's broom?" "Your cousin?" Snape replied instantly. "Any of your little friends? The entire Slytherin Quidditch team?" "Okay, the way the Slytherin team plays is a problem for another day, but neither Draco or any of my friends would have done something like that without me knowing." She insisted. "Trust me. If they were behind it, they certainly wouldn't stay quiet. Not to mention the fact that they were as surprised as anyone else when it happened and pretty damn near disappointed when Potter was fine." "You feel certain Quirrell is the culprit?" Dumbledore asked. "Yes," Valentine stressed. "Like I've been saying, who else has the motivation?" "What motivation?" Snape scoffed. "We already established that there is no evidence to prove that Quirrell had any connection to the Dark Lord. Isn't that your only reason to think that he means Potter any harm?" Valentine glared at him and made a disgruntled noise. He had a point and she hated that. "I am inclined to believe what you say." Dumbledore nodded thoughtfully. "However, I still don't think that removing Quirrell from the grounds is the right choice to make." "But despite what Mr Fire-Cracker over here says, Quirrell did try to sabotage Potter, at the very least." Said Valentine. "Even if we can't directly link him to Voldemort it doesn't change the fact that Potter could have died today." "Yes, you're welcome, by the way." Snape gave them both a look. "Oh, dear. You had to do something any decent person would do? Now, that warrants a golden star, now doesn't it? Perhaps a pat on the back? Maybe even a double serving of pudding!" "I wish you'd been born a mute," Snape growled. "And wish you hadn't been born at all, but that's really not the issue here," Valentine rebuked him tersely. "Head Master, Potter could still be in very real danger. It's even worse that we don't know Quirrell's motivations." "Miss Lestrange," Said Dumbledore pointedly. "if I was to terminate Professor Quirrell's employment here, then he could very well disappear from our notice. I would much rather have him near." "Sir, with all due respect, but that's what you said last time and look what happened." Said Valentine. "We should try and understand his motivations at the very least. Question him." "I had contemplated that." Dumbledore nodded. "But to our knowledge, Quirrell only knows that both you and Professor Snape suspect him of attempting to steal the Philosophers Stone. He is unaware that I know this or that any of us suspect him in what happened today. If we were to ask questions, he would know that. He would know I am involved. It could trigger him to become more aggressive or even, to attack one of us in retaliation. Do you understand my reasoning, my dear?" "...yes." Valentine sighed, pulling a hand back through her hair. It was occurring to her that there was no perfect way to go about this. "Please do not think I don't appreciate your opinions on this subject," Dumbledore said gently. "I have a very high respect for how seriously you are taking Harry's safety." "Well." Valentine sighed again. "It is an end-of-the-world type of situation, is it not?" "It is indeed," Dumbledore said gravely. "Is this all then?" Valentine grumbled, already moving towards the door. "It's almost dinner and I'm freaking starving." --Pretending To Hate-- "Ha! Go fish." "This has be to be rigged or something, come on!" "And how exactly would one go about rigging Go Fish, Blaze?" Blaze, Liam, Crabbe and Goyle sat in front of the fire playing cards, whilst Valentine, Draco and Leah told Olivia stories of their shared childhood. Although it was more so Leah bringing up Draco's most embarrassing moments and blasting them across the room. "and then Draco's shirt got caught on a branch right? But he was so terrified that he thought it was a monster or something and screamed and screamed." Leah laughed at the memory. "It was one of the funniest things I've ever seen!" "Funny for who?" Draco glared at Leah, who in turn just laughed harder. "It was indeed hilarious." Said Valentine. "Oh, thanks." Draco huffed bitterly. Olivia shot him a pitying glance. "And Draco had these red socks when he was little right-" "Leah, don't not." Draco hissed, throwing a pillow at her. Leah caught it with a grin and pulled it to his chest. "They were his favourite socks and he thought that if he wore them to bed every night then he wouldn't get any nightmares." "Leah. Shut. Up." Draco gritted his teeth at her. "Oh, yeah!" Leah seemed to remember another thing. "And there was this one time at my seventh birthday party when Draco ate so much that he-" "Hey, why are all the stories about me?" Draco cut in, an untrustworthy smile growing on his face. "I'm sure we can remember a few of Leah, can't we Val?" "Hmm, let me think." Valentine hummed thoughtfully. "How about that time when we were four and she got her leg tangled in my bedsheets getting out and she screamed bloody murder for help and woke everyone in the house up?" "Finally!" Draco clapped his hands. "A decent conversation topic." "That's not fair!" Leah objected. "That sheet could have been a freaky monster!" "What about that time she snuck into her parent's room to play with her mother's makeup and got caught putting it on the dog?" Said Draco. "Hey! Sebastian looked good with a little blush!" "And that time she ate a flower because she wanted to be a goat for a day," Valentine added. "Right!" Draco's eyes lit up with recognition. "Then she cried because she killed a defenceless flower." "And then when we were nine she-" "Stop!" Leah screeched and slapped her hands over Olivia's ears a little too aggressively. "You'll taint her image of me!" "Leah, you don't have an image." Said Draco. "Do too!" "Whatever." Draco rolled his eyes, knowing where it would lead to fall into that argument. "Um..." Leah blinked, unsure of what to do if Draco wasn't going to fight back. "I'm tired, goodnight everyone!" Leah jumped up from her spot on the couch and launched herself towards the girl's dormitory like it would save her life. "Goodnight, Leah." Came the collected monotone voices of those playing cards, too focused to look up. "I think I might turn in for the night as well." Said Olivia, shaking her head at Leah as she ran full force into an older girl. "I hope you both sleep well." "Night." Draco nodded. Olivia turned and made her way for the girl's dorms, whilst the card game continued. "Goodnight, boys." "Goodnight, Olivia." Came that same monotone. "Go fish." "What again?" "Are you sure you're not lying?" "Huh? I would never!" "Never what? Play fairly? Come on, show me your cards!" "Hey! No!" Valentine and Draco sat in a silence that was anything but comfortable and it was strange since they were usually such the opposite. "What is it?" Valentine arched an impatient brow at him. "Well?" Draco visibly swallowed and have her his best level stare. "Are you really not going to tell me where you've been disappearing to?" "Is there a particular reason why I should?" Valentine asked coldly. "I know you can look after yourself, alright? But father said-" "Would you shut the hell up about your father?" Valentine snapped harshly. Draco's frame stiffened at her sudden hostility. "I understand that he isn't here to tell us what to do, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't uphold his rules," Draco spoke carefully. "And why should I be at liberty to do that?" She replied, leaning back into the lounge with a scowl. "Your father is not here. His rules mean nothing to me regardless." "Because you disappeared last night and scared the hell out of everyone." Draco sighed in exasperation. "There was a bloody troll on the loose, Val. And we didn't even know where you were." "Oh, I scared you did it?" Valentine pouted mockingly, tone condescending. "Well, perhaps they could have used a bit of scaring." "The hell are you talking about?" Draco demanded, his eyes hardening. "You want to know what I'm talking about, cousin? You haven't already foreseen the future?" Valentine lent forwards towards him, bright eyes glowing dangerously. She saw his breath quicken. He wasn't safe from her. He had to know that by now. She could protect him from all things besides herself. "What are you talking about?" Draco asked, his confidence found in anger failing him. "Look around Draco. It shouldn't be hard for you to see who is who." She Said, her eyes alight with morbid passion. "As members of Slytherin, our school lives are sealed and for those of us who are Pure Bloods, our future is also. We are all bound to serve the Dark Lord, Cousin. You, me, Leah and Olivia, Liam and Blaze. Each and every one of us. Our path is shaded in darkness, that will never be changed. So we must adapt. A little taste of fear won't be anything compared to the glory we have before us, Draco. That's what I'm talking about." Draco stared at her with wide eyes, unsure how to respond. None of them liked to face a truth such as this and Valentine understood why. Being so young, none of them had ever experienced the horrors Voldemort had cause when he was in power. And in their families, he was praised. They'd been raised to believe that he had been trying to make the world a better place for those who mattered, but to Valentine's friends, he didn't matter. He was just history. A story. Nothing more. Valentine didn't have the luxury of thinking like that. She'd read the history, heard the stories and saw them for what they were, a cautionary tale that wasn't done being written. Valentine didn't like to speak to Draco like that, to scare him, but she wanted him to know what it actually meant when his father ranted about his ideals at dinner. This wouldn't always be a story. It was real and it was going to be real again. Things were going to get dark. She didn't know when she just knew they would and she felt as though this might have been the only way for her to warn him. Draco just blinked at her, as if trying to take it all in but being unable. "Go fish!" Blaze shouted suddenly and Draco nearly jumped in his seat. He settled for a moment, not looking at her and fiddling with his shirt collar. "I think I'm going to bed." He muttered, standing. "Night, Draco." The other boys said in the same monotone they'd given Leah and Olivia. They were still utterly unaware as to what had happened. Valentine felt her stomach wrench and pulled her eyes from Draco's retreating back. She glared into the fire as though it had been the one to upset him. He'll be better off for it, she'd tried to convince herself. He should know. He can't stay blind forever and I wish I could just tell him how wrong his parent's way of thinking is, that we're being raised or a world that doesn't exist and perhaps won't ever. I don't want him to be a villain. I know there's more to him than that, but what can I do? Valentine pulled a hand back through her hair. The same went for the others, blissfully unaware with their game of Go Fish. They weren't much better off than Draco. Blaze was emotional. Valentine could see that easily. If the world came crashing down around him, he would feel it. Liam was much more restrained. Typically calm and collected, but when caught off guard, he wore his feelings written across his face. Valentine hadn't known either of them long, but a world where Voldemort rule would grate them away to nothing. She was certain of it. They were schoolyard bullies. Not heartless monsters or cold-blooded murders. They were children in need of a reality check. Even then, Valentine felt they were better off than Leah and Olivia. Leah, who never took anything seriously, who lived with her head in the clouds. And sweet, timid Olivia. Neither of them would survive. The same way the boys had been raised to be men before they even knew what that meant, the girls were raised to be a woman. Marry well. Have children. Be desirable yet respectable. Be delicate. And they were delicate, each in their own way, but not in the way that could survive an evil dictator who would revel in the mass genocide of an entire society. She knew this fretting was pointless. All she'd get was a headache and another sleepless night, which would be most convenient since she didn't need to go skulking about the castle tonight. She couldn't turn her brain off. Her awareness, her ability, to see things for what they were had always been both a blessing and a curse. She couldn't hide. She couldn't be blissfully unaware and play Go Fish and the more she thought about it, the more she was grateful for her blessed curse. She had no false sense of security to be taken away because it had never been there in the first place. But this wasn't her. This was Draco. This was Leah and her new friends and she would worry regardless but letting it eat away at her wasn't the way to go about it. She imagined reaching into her own chest where her heart was and pulling out the handful of dangerous and painful emotions she harboured. She imagined throwing them into the brilliant emerald flames, watching them burn away. She almost felt better.
As Valentine's eyes flickered open she wished they hadn't. She somehow knew immediately that it was still night time. She'd hoped to sleep right through until morning. She rolled on to her back and frowned up at the canopy of her bed. This always seemed to happen when she needed sleep the most. "Val?" Valentine's head snapped to the left. Olivia was sitting up awake on Leah's bed. Leah was curled soundly into Olivia's lap like a cat, snoring quietly. "Why are you awake?" Valentine frowned deeper. "I woke up a little while ago," Olivia explained softly. "Leah was having a nightmare. I was calming her down...and now I'm kind of stuck." Valentine snorted at that. "Leah's a fairly heavy sleeper." She said. "You should be able to get up without waking her." Olivia looked down at the girl in her lap. Biting her lip, she carefully eased Leah to the side and shifted away inch by inch until she was free. "Well, what do you know?" She chuckled lightly, now standing beside the bed. "You shouldn't let her use you as furniture in the first place. You give her an inch and she'll take a mile." "It's not so bad." Olivia shrugged, tucking Leah back under the sheets. "It's actually kind of flattering when you think about it. Being wanted so much, I mean." "If you say so," Valentine grumbled. She couldn't understand how being treated like an inanimate object was in away way flattering. It was certainly something she wouldn't stand for. She wondered if Olivia wasn't accustomed to affection in her home life. "So." Olivia sat on the edge of Valentine's bed hesitantly as though the girl would push her off. "Why are you awake?" "You know, I was just asking myself the same thing," Valentine said with a completely deadpanned expression. "Believe me. I want to be asleep." "My father says that sometimes people can't sleep because their minds have too much going on." Said Olivia. "Like, maybe they're too excited or upset about something so their brain wakes them up to deal with those things." "Does he have any evidence to back that up?" Valentine asked, arching a brow and sitting up. "No." Olivia shook her head, smiling softly. "My father's just always saying things like that." "Hmm." Valentine hummed disinterestedly, shifting to sit against the headboard. "So." Olivia cleared her throat lightly. "Leah told me that she's super excited for Christmas." "Oh, God." Valentine groaned. "Do not get her started on bloody Christmas." "She likes it that much, huh?" Olivia chuckled, smile growing wider. "As with all things Leah, reasonable moderation just isn't an option." "She does seem to define the term 'obsession'." Olivia's bright eyes glittered with mirth. "I think it's rather endearing though." "Don't encourage her," Valentine warned. "If her head gets any bigger she won't be able to fit through the doorways." Olivia laughed at that and quickly hushed herself, looking over at Leah to make sure the other girl was still asleep. "Like I said," Valentine scoffed,"heavy sleeper." "Yeah. Can...can I ask you a personal question?" Olivia swallowed as though those words had been hard to get out. "I suppose so." Valentine sighed. In truth, Valentine was somewhat pleased that Olivia cared enough about her to ask personal questions at all. "Do you...do you ever miss your parents?" Valentine hadn't been expecting that though she didn't show it. My parents? The vague memory of a moving photograph filtered through her mind. Two black-haired individuals. A wedding day. Others around them smiled. They did not. She didn't think of them often. "What's there to miss?" Valentine shrugged indifferently. "I have no recollection of them seeing as I was hardly a toddler when they were caught and sentenced." "Oh." Olivia blinked. And it was true. Valentine had never really missed either Bellatrix or Rodolphus Lestrange. She knew what they looked like from the hordes of Narcissa's photographs but they'd always been faceless characters from her past. Narcissa was the only one who ever even talked about them and mostly about Bellatrix, given that they were sisters. Valentine had always gotten the sense her aunt was leaving a lot out, only mentioned the better of Bellatrix Lestrange. From all the stories and tales of horror Valentine knew, she doubted there was much good in the woman to talk about. "I guess that makes sense." Olivia nodded. "You had your aunt and uncle, after all." "My uncle I could do without." Valentine rolled eyes. "Narcissa however...she's overbearing but tolerable." "My mother says that your uncle is a very powerful man." "He is," Valentine said nonchalantly. "I'd say it's gone to his head but I think he was born like that." "Do you really not like him?" Olivia tilted her head to the side curiously, pulling her knees to her chest. "He's a bastard." The sudden growl in Valentine's voice made Olivia winch. "Draco would never admit to it, but he is. Walking around with his cane and all his rules. And he throws such tantrums it usually isn't worth fighting him." "I think I know what you mean." Olivia smiled lightly. "My mother...doesn't like to be questioned." "Adults are so bothersome," Valentine grumbled. "Age hardly speaks of one's intelligence or maturity." "But you still love him, don't you?" Asked Olivia innocently. "Your uncle." "Of course not," Valentine replied swiftly. "He isn't worth my affection." Valentine meant every word of it. "Oh. Well, I guess I don't know too much about you to feel after all." Olivia shrugged. "I still love my mother. Even if she's difficult." "I'd say Lucius is a little more than just difficult," Valentine spoke coldly. Lucius Malfoy had a wrath to him that Valentine and Draco had experienced their entire lives. Draco had always managed to convince himself that his father meant well. Valentine didn't feel that way. How her uncle treated his son never failed to tie her stomach in knots of anger. She was just glad to have a life and a focus away from Malfoy Manor. "Well." Olivia smiled sweetly. "At the very least you have Draco." "Yes," Valentine admitted. "We were born only a month and a half apart. We've never spent a day without seeing one another since." "And you're both so close with Leah," Olivia added. "I think it's great." "I don't think we had a choice." Valentine snorted. "I can't remember a time before she jumping about screeching like a moron. She was thoroughly attached before any of us could even sit up. And to think that she's actually the oldest." "It's like you're all siblings." Olivia brushed a lock of her behind her ear. "I would have liked to have siblings." "You can have Leah," Valentine said immediately. "I'll even gift wrap her for you." Olivia laughed before she was cut off by a yawn. "I think I should get back to bed." She covered her mouth sheepishly. "Unless you'd like me to stay up with you?" "Don't be ridiculous." Valentine waved her hand dismissively. "Right." Olivia stood. "Goodnight, Val." "Goodnight." --Pretending to Hate-- Leah jumped around the room humming in her usual cheerful manner. She was hanging long paper chains from the bedposts and door frame, dancing a joyful little jig as she went. She'd managed to coerce Liam, Blaze, Crabbe, Goyle and the three girls a few dorms down into helping her make them. Valentine had described it as a Christmas-Student-Sweat-Shop. Only Leah could look upon such an idea with bright eyes. "I love Christmas!" "Yes, Leah, we know. It's the fifth time you've said that in an hour." Valentine mumbled from her place on her bed, not looking up from her book. "What do your families normally do for Christmas?" Olivia asked, laughing as Leah wound a colourful paper chain around her neck. "Both our families have always celebrated together! First, we have a Christmas dinner and then we do presents and then me, Val and Draco are supposed to go to bed but when we were little we used to sneak out and spy on the adults. Turn's out Fire Whiskey makes my father pass out almost right away and Mrs Malfoy kind of scary. Oh! And last year I got this really cute bracelet!" Leah spoke far too quickly to be entirely healthy. "I'll make sure I'll bring it next term so I can show you." "I'll look forward to it." Olivia smiled sweetly. "Awe! You are so frigging cute!" Leah gushed and threw herself onto Olivia, who gave a startled shout. "What do you do for Christmas?" Leah asked, innocently looking up from Olivia's lap. "Oh, well usually my mother, father and I go visit my younger cousin and his parents. It's nothing too exciting, but it's always really fun. My aunts a little clumsy so she's not allowed to carry any of the food. Or touch the stove. Or knives. But it's still really fun." The girl smiled humbly. "Oh my gosh! Could you be any more adorable?" Leah carried on with her gushing. Valentine rolled her eyes and continued to read her book. As fond, as she honestly was of Leah, her Olivia obsession was more than a little ridiculous. The only thing that was more ridiculous was that it truly didn't bother Olivia to constantly be fussed over. "Come on, Olivia. Help me set these up in her common room!" Leah exclaimed with dramatic hand movement as if such an act was a great and valiant task to undertake. "Um, okay. Sure." Said Olivia before she paused. "Val?" "Yes?" Answered Valentine, still not removing her gaze from the book. "Do you want to join us?" The small girl asked, her voice tiny and timid. "I think I'd rather choke on some mistletoe, thank you." She replied coldly. "Awe!" Leah pouted. "Just go and put up the damn decorations, Leah." "Fine! I will!" Leah grabbed Olivia's arm and dragged her from the room, closing the door with a slam. "So bloody dramatic." Valentine grumbled to herself. She sat in silence, reading for a few more minutes before she placed down her book and opened the top drawer of her bedside table. She pulled out the letter that she'd received two days ago and neglected to open. My dearest Valentine, How are you, my dear? I hope you're studying hard and looking after yourself. The main reason I wrote you was to remind you that even though Hogwarts allows students to stay during the holidays, you and Draco will come home for Christmas and we will be celebrating like we do every year. Please do remind Leah to stay clear of fire. Her Christmas decorations do always seem extra flammable. Remember to dress warmly now that its winter and don't let your cousin forget either. Oh, and have you made any new friends? Draco did mention some girl by the name of Benson that Leah has taken quite the liking to her. I wish you would write to me about these things. It is a small comfort to know your cousin and yourself are enjoying and behaving yourself. Please, write back at your earliest convenience. That means before the term ends. Please do not just put this letter somewhere and then forget about it. I will know if you do, Valentine. I miss you and Draco dearly. Narcissa Malfoy Valentine refolded the letter. Well, it appears that its Professor Snape and Dumbledore turn to deal with the mental break down that is Harry Potter. It's like danger just follows him around waiting to pounce. At this rate, I'll have wrinkles by the time I'm twenty. If I don't have some kind of aneurysmby then. I suppose I should write back. Valentine pulled out a quill, an ink well and a roll of parchment from her trunk and begun to write her reply. Aunt Narcissa, I am fine and have been studying although the classes here are so mediocre that studying is hardly a necessity for me. The girl called 'Benson' that you had mentioned shares a room with Leah and I. Her name is Olivia Benson and Leah has become instantly obsessed. She is not of noble birth or wealthy in any sense of the word but she is humble and patient and we have all become reasonably fond of her. Draco and I are both in decent health and we are both looking forward to taking a break from this place. Valentine Lestrange Valentine sighed and read over the letter once. She wished she could have told the woman that she missed her back because she did to some extent and she knew reading that would make her aunt happy, but it simply wouldn't do. She didn't dwell on it. She would be seeing the woman again soon enough. She placed it in an envelope, wishing that she didn't have to trek across the entire school to deliver the letter to the owlery. Naturally, she could have asked someone else to do it for her, but even Draco and Leah weren't game to get to close to Darcy. So, she pulled on her coat and tucking her letter into her pocket, she left the room. On her way through the common room, Valentine saw Leah hanging her decorations from the mantel of the fireplace and rolled her eyes. She knew they'd be in flames before Christmas even arrived. Making her way down the halls of the dungeons she heard nothing but her own footsteps echoing. Although the cold didn't bother her, it deterred many students off loitering about in the dungeons. She reached the higher floors and Valentine could now hear the laughing of other students. There was life here. Valentine rounded a corner and found herself standing before Neville Longbottom. Why? Why here? Why now? Why him? The boy stood rigid and stiff. He'd been expecting to see her just as much as she'd been expecting to see him. His eyes watered and widened the longer he stared. Valentine had taken care to leave him largely alone whenever she targeted students for some kind of ridicule. She had concerns that someone might notice but even looking at him filled her with shame. Neither of them wanted to be connected to one another the way they were, but neither could control that. What do I do? Valentine silenced the panic in her mind and walked forward slowly, step by step. The boy failed to cover up a whimper as he swallowed, trying to be brave and keep his gaze forward. Valentine could only imagine the horrors going through his mind. Valentine took another step. Her face a mask of stone, showing nothing but indifference towards the boy before her. The opposite of what she felt. She stopped and stood beside the shaking boy. Nothing was to be heard but the wind whistling through the hall and distant echo of students talking. She turned her head slowly until the boy was almost in her direct line of vision. Then the sides of her lips twitched and her mouth curled into a small devious smile. A smile giggle escaped her like she was laughing at how afraid he was, at how pitiful he appeared. Like she was laughing about the fact that her parents had tortured his parents into insanity. Like this was all some fun little game for her to continue. Valentine then turned her head and picked up her pace and walked on down the hall and around the corner. The boy collapsed to his knees. He sat alone in the hall, crying. Valentine knew this because she watched the boy from where she stood, peering around the corner at him. I may have overdone it. Neville cried harder, trying to smoother it with his hands. No, I definitely overdid it. I owe that boy a sympathy card, a cake and probably one of my limbs. "What are you doing?" A voice came quick and sharp from behind her. Valentine turned to find Professor Snape standing before her, imposing and dark. "Is it a habit of yours to sneak up behind young girls, sir? That is exceedingly seedy." "Shouldn't you be celebrating or something?" He questioned drolly, ignoring her jab. "Both my cousin and I have been asked to come home for the holidays. I was delivering my reply." Valentine pulled the envelope from her pocket and waved it up at him. "Don't have a choice? That must irritate you greatly." The potions professor added smugly, satisfied smile tugging at his lips. "Being told what do you." "Don't worry now, Professor." Valentine slipped the envelope away with a gracious tilt of her head. "You're still my number one. There is nothing I find more irritating then you." "Do me and favour and don't return." Snape's smile dropped. "Please. Like I'd ever do you a favour." She scoffed dismissively. "But I'll be gone and then back again just as quickly. Merry Christmas, Professor." She shoved past him and continued on down the hall. --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine washed her hands under the running water and then turned off the faucet. She glanced up at her reflection for a moment but didn't linger. She did not care for what her hair was deciding to do today. She went over to the bathroom door and listened. It was already late, a decent amount of time had passed since lights out but she checked anyway. Flich was surprisingly nimble and he seemed to delight in catching students breaking any kind of rule. She heard nothing and so she stepped out into the hall. The moonlight streaming in through the window adjacent painted the floor and her boots with pale shapes. She walked on, keeping to the shadows encase she needed to quickly hide herself or slip away. Tonight was much quieter than other nights though and she reached Dumbledore's office without incident. She lifted her hand to knock and the door swung open slightly. She pushed it the rest of the way with her shoulder as she stepped in. "Professor." She inclined her head at the old man standing book one of the large shelving of books. He seemed to be putting one back in its place. The room looked as though Leah could have been in there at one point. Green wreaths and vinery hung about the room, gold and silver stars suspend in mid-air fair above her reach. "Miss Lestrange." He nodded his chin in her direction in return. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this unexpected visit?" "I won't be here for the holidays." She said, leaning against the edge of his desk, arms crossed over her chest. "So, Potter will be entirely in your and Snape's hands." "I promise that we be vigilant, my dear. There is no need to worry about Harry. I just hope you enjoy your Christmas." "Yes, well, Harry's a little more important." Valentine rolled her eyes lightly before they hardened. "You need to keep an eye on Quirrell. Watch that man like a hawk." "Professor Snape can handle Quirrell." Dumbledore peered at her over his spectacles. "He can't even handle me," Valentine grumbled sourly. Dumbledore laughed. "You do seem to give him a run for his money." Valentine didn't find it nearly as humorous. She didn't want to leave. Strategically, it made no sense to separate her from Harry, but her open life wasn't concerned with being strategic. She knew she couldn't get out of going home for Christmas. She had to trust that Harry wouldn't do anything else stupid. Now she did want to laugh. "You shouldn't fret." Said Dumbledore softly. "You've been on alert since the moment you came here and haven't had a days rest since. Enjoy your holiday. Celebrate Christmas with your family. It's well within your right to take a break." "I'd rather just put Potter on a leash and tie him to a tree." Valentine snorted then sighed. She let her head rock back and caught sight of a high placed window. It was snowing. It's not as though I can get out of it. "Merry Christmas, Professor." She said. "Merry Christmas, my dear." He replied. --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine had never seen the great sorrow in goodbyes, particularly when one would see the other person in only two weeks. Leah's opinion of farewells was quite the opposite. "I'm going to miss you and your cuteness so much!" Leah sobbed loudly, actual tears rolling down her red face. "I just- I just...! Oliviaaaaa!" The other students were staring at them strangely. Olivia looked quite embarrassed and unsure about what do to. "Get over it, Leah." Draco groaned, with an eye roll. "Yeah, you'll see her in two weeks, you idiot." Snorted Blaze. "Shut up! You guys don't understand our bond of sisterhood!" Leah shot back. "You'll never understand!" "I'm not so sure I'd want to understand." Blaze gave her a dead-panned stare. "Especially if this much screaming is involved." Valentine and her friends had gathered with the other students going home for the holidays at Hogsmeade Station. "There, there." Olivia patted Leah on the shoulder awkwardly. "I'll see you in two weeks. And I'll promise I'll write." Olivia had originally planned to go home for Christmas, but one letter from her parents later confirmed that they'd won tickets to an overseas trip. They had written their sympathies and told her it was a once in a lifetime opportunity. So, with the promise of many gifts, they apologized continually. Naturally, Leah offered for her to spend Christmas at her house, but Valentine had quickly interjected. She knew that wasn't a favourable situation for anyone involved. Olivia wasn't from their world and Valentine didn't want her subjected to its cold scrutiny. She would surely but treated with contempt and polite disdain simply because her family didn't have generations of wealth and prejudice holding them up. Olivia was far too sensitive to be inflicted by such judgement. No, it was safer she stay at Hogwarts. "Leah, we have two minutes before this train leaves," Valentine said firmly. "But who will keep my little Olivia company!" Leah sniffled and started balling once more. "I'll be fine," Olivia told the hysterical girl. "Really. I don't mind." "But you said you always had fun with your family and now you can't go!" Leah pouted. "I just want my Olivia to be happy!" "If you want to make her happy, then maybe you should stop screaming in her face," Draco grumbled. "Um, hello! I'm standing right here!" Leah glared at him. "Oh? So, that's why I have a headache?" Draco shot back. "I can see the train!" A student from somewhere on the platform announced. "Two weeks without homework." Liam grinned. "That's nice and all but sometimes I'd rather homework than spending time with my family." Blaze sighed. They stood back as the train rolled in, filling the platform with billowing steam. The horn sounded and students quickly began to board. "Goodbye, Olivia," Valentine said shortly before moving towards the train. "Uh, goodbye!" She heard Olivia call after her. Valentine could vaguely hear the boys bidding Olivia farewell and more clearly, she could hear Leah wailing again. Valentine walked over the to the first compartment she could find and pulled open the door. Two Ravenclaws turned to look at her. "Out," Valentine ordered. "But-" One started. "I said out." She hissed, eyes glowing murderously. "Let's just go." The other stood first, eyeing Valentine nervously, grabbing their friend and pulling them out into the hall. Valentine walked inside and sat down by the window. "Handy trick." Said Liam, who sat down across from her. Valentine ignored his comment and diverted her gaze out the window. "One..." She said. "What?" Liam frowned, as Blaze sat beside him. "Two..." Blaze and Liam exchanged confused looks. "Three..." Just as Valentine uttered the last word Leah burst through the door crying. Draco had a strong grip on the back of her yellow sweater. Clearly, he'd been left with the task of prying her of Olivia and dragging her aboard the train. "It's not fair!" Leah sobbed, collapsing on the floor dramatically. "I want my Olivia back!" "Shut up, Leah!" Draco hissed, kicking at her feet, her long legs half hanging out the compartment door. "We already said that you'll see Olivia in two weeks." Added Liam. "Shut up! Shut up!" Leah cried, pounding the compartment floor with her fists. "I want Olivia!" "Leah." Valentine's stern voice broke through the girls loud whining. "Shut up. I will not put up with you acting like a two year old the entire way to bloody London. Why Olivia tolerates your ridiculous behaviour is beyond me. She would be much better off if she ran while she still could." For a moment the compartment was completely silent, all eyes on Leah, who seemed honestly torn by Valentine's words. "I hate you!" Leah proclaimed, jumping to her feet and pointing an accusing finger at Valentine. The girl broke into another set of tears and ran from the compartment dramatically. "Woah. Okay." Blaze blinked. "Um...shouldn't we go after her?" Liam asked quietly. "No." Valentine snapped and returned her attention out the window. "Let her sulk." She was confident in Leah's ability to bounce back, even if she did feel bad about speaking so harshly to her when she was already upset in the first place. "She'll get over it." Draco sat beside her. "It's what she gets for carrying on like an idiot." For several long moments, the compartment was completely quiet until Blaze struck up some conversation that Valentine tuned out. She had more pressing concerns plaguing her mind. What if Quirrell makes another attempt to get the stone? What if he succeeds? How would that affect Potter? Would it at all? Why did he tamper with Potter's broom in the first place? Damnit. There's nothing I can do about it from another country. But even if Quirrell managed to both defeat Professor Snape and get past Fluffy, there are still the numerous tasks Dumbledore told me about. They were placed in the path of the stone for a reason. And of course before any of that could happen, Dumbledore himself would surely be a alerted and Quirrell is no match for possibly the most powerful wizard alive. Valentine did her best to soothe her worries. What else could she do? For the next two weeks, the situation would be entirely out of her hands. She wished she was staying. She was worried that if she lost that control, that she wouldn't get it back. This is supposed to be a holiday! And I'm supposed to be at least somewhat looking forward to it, dammit! Jumping on a broom with no experience, exploding feathers, giant three-headed dogs, fighting mountain trolls, dangling from a broom a hundred meters off the ground! I'm supposed to be glad for this small reprieve, but I just feel like this train is taking me in the wrong direction. I should have found a way to stay. HI. HELLO. SUP. I don't typically leave authors notes but I'll never miss out on a chance to reply to a comment! To Riddikulus Witch: Your comment seriously killed me. Like I just clutched at my heart and immediately started reenacting Draco Vs. Buckbeck. There I am, writhing on the bed, 'It's kill me! Just fucking bury me Princess! Fucking bury because I'm dead!' (Princess is my snooty ass cat that immediately got up and walked away). Basically what I'm saying is that your comment was very sweet and I think it may have stopped my heart. JK. I'm a writer, I don't have one. So, moving on. I AM SO SUPER HAPPY THAT YOU'RE ENJOYING THE RIDE SO FAR. I'm personally really proud of Val's character and I can't wait for you to see her journey! And yeah, it's a lil pet peeve of mine when fics have young characters acting unrealistically older XD There's a certain amount of leeway with personalities and such, but as you said, eleven year olds are eleven year olds. And as for people looking down on O.C centric fics, I'm very aware of that XD There are some questionable O.C's out there, after all, but the beauty of fanfiction is that anything goes. I get rather egotistical about my O.C's really (my children I should say). I put alot of work into them which typically pays off so I hope this is no different. THANK YOU SO SO SO MUCH FOR YOUR COMMENT. THE INSTANT ANEURYSM WAS VERY APPRECIATED. Oh, right. And I fixed the chapters. I had actually completely missed a chapter and doubled up, so the third chapter is now as it should be so I'd suggest popping back and reading it. Or don't. It was my fuck up after all. I'll never get used to the uploading process. XOXO Tabitha Hallows
The train ride home had changed completely when Leah had burst through the compartment door half an hour like nothing had happened, and nobody bothered to ask about her sudden change in spirits. This was Leah, after all. She had probably gotten bored of sulking and decided that she was over it. She just promptly sat herself half on Valentine, half on Draco, something which neither appreciated. Eventually, she ended up on the floor, arguing with Blaze incessantly and stayed there until the train pulled into the station. Leah immediately stuck her head out the window despite the steam that blew back in her face. "Mama!" Leah cried out, pointing into the crowd, before being racked with a coughing fit from the mouth full of coal steam she inhaled. "Mama?" Blaze arched a brow. "That's what she calls her mother." Draco rolled his eyes. "You know because she's five years old." "Oh, look! Val, Draco!" Leah shouted excitedly. "I can see Mr and Mrs Malfoy!" Draco's face instantly lit up at that. He leaned over Valentine to see and Valentine herself turned her head from the window altogether. "Hey, Liam your grandfathers picking you up, right?" Asked Blaze. "Well, he said he was, if something came up he'd send someone else to get me." "HELLO? Liam's grandfather? Are you out there!" Leah shouted wildly, waving her arms about. "On three, we push her out," Blaze whispered. "Yeah, and then you'd have to put up with her haunting you for the rest of your natural life." Liam pointed out. "I am so glad we're friends, man." Said Blaze. "I'd be glad to be friends with me too if it stopped me from spontaneous murder." "Trust me." Blaze snorted. "Nothing about me killing her would be spontaneous. Premeditated all the way." The train hauled to a final stop and Valentine led them off the train and into the thick crowd of parents and siblings. Valentine and Draco watched side by side as Liam caught sight of his grandfather. "That's him right there." He said, waving. The elderly man was finely dressed with a thick beard. He saw Liam but did not wave back. "That's my cue." Liam shrugged, unbothered. "See you guys in two weeks." "Don't forget to write." Blaze reminded him. "I won't." "LIAM!" Leah flung herself at him, crying again. "Bloody hell, Leah!" Liam cried out in surprise as she wrapped her arms around his knees. "You should really get off the ground. Do you know how dirty the platform probably is?" "But-but" Leah sniffled. "All my friends are leaving me" "Yeah." Blaze rolled his eyes. "Because it's the holidays. We want to go home. You know? Be free." "I don't want you to go." Leah pouted up at Liam with watery eyes. "Uh" Liam looked over at his grandfather who checked his pocket watch pointedly. "Come on, you idiot," Draco growled, stepping forward. "Get up before you get some kind of gross disease." "No!" Leah clung tighter. "Leah!" Valentine snapped, pulling the girl's attention. "You're being ridiculous. Get the hell up right now and let Liam go home." Leah gave Liam's legs one last tight squeeze before falling back to sit on her knees. "I'll make sure I'll write often, okay?" Liam gave her a warm smile, petting her on the head a few times. "Okay." Leah wiped at her face. "Goodbye for real this time." Liam laughed, waving to the rest of them as he hurried off into the crowd. "Oi, Blaze!" Another voice rung out through the crowd. "Come out, come out, wherever you are!" "Awe, crap," Blaze whined with a grimace. "It's my brother. I gotta go." "Bye." Draco waved him off. Blaze froze and sent a hesitant glance over at Leah. "You're not going to attack me and start crying again, are you?" "No." Leah shook her head, perfectly serious as she stood, dusting herself off. "I don't think I'll miss you that much." "Well, now that's just-" "Blaze!" The voice rung out again. "Blaze Zambini, I am bored!" "Arg." Blaze facepalmed. "I'll argue with you the second I get back, okay?" "It's a plan." Leah punched his shoulder lightly with a grin. Then Blaze was running off into the crowd, attempting to follow his brother's voice. "And then there were three." Valentine crossed her arms over her chest. "Valentine! Draco!" A familiar voice called over the roar of the crowd. "Val, over there." Draco nudged this cousin and motioned towards his parents. Valentine turned to see her aunt and uncle standing off to the side, as to avoid the bustle around them. "I'm surprised they couldn't locate us via Leah's wailing." Valentine scoffed. Narcissa smiled as she caught sight of them and hurried to meet them. "Get Leah and let's go," Valentine told Draco, already moving away. "What! Why am I on Leah duty?" He was ignored. So, Draco grabbed Leah's hand and hauled her through the crowd. "Val." Narcissa cooed, pressing a kiss to the girl's forehead. Valentine shifted away before she could do more. "Draco." Narcissa moved on to the next child. "Stop it, mother." He tried to get away but couldn't. "Awe." Leah pouted. "And one for Leah too." Narcissa laughed, pecking the top of the girls head. "Yay!" Leah lit up immediately. "Your mother is right- ah, Rose, William!" Narcissa waved over Leah's parents. "Mama!" Leah grinned, barrelling towards her parents like a wild horse. "Slow down before you fall." Her mother warned her. "And why is your face so red? Have you been crying again?" "No." Rose sighed but then smiled sweetly, kissing Leah's forehead as Narcissa had. "I missed you, darling." "I missed you, mama." Leah beamed and then looked over to the tall man beside her. "Hello, father." "Hello, Leah." He nodded back, touching her shoulder lightly in greeting. William Lovat had never been a particularly emotional man, but not exactly unkind in his aloofness. Of the two, Leah's appearance clearly favored her mothers in all things but height, that she had gotten from her father. While William was both dark haired and dark eyed, much taller than his wife and broader in build, Rose was fair haired and dark eyed, litheframed with an elegant air about her that Leah didn't quite capture herself. In Valentine's mind, Mr and Mr's Lovat had never looked any other way. Like Lucius and Narcissa, they retained a stately presence about themselves. "Let's be off." Then said Lucius tersely. "I can't stand another second here amidst the ravel." --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine drank in the words she hadn't read since she left the manor. Although she'd managed to take a decent amount of books with her to Hogwarts she had to draw a line somewhere and she was fairly certain she crossed that line at twenty books when she decided thirty wasn't too far a stretch. She kicked off her boots and bought her legs up to cross underneath her. She had left Draco to be smothered with affection by his mother, making quite the daring escape. But it wasn't as though she was well hidden. If someone was to look for her, the library would be one of the first places they looked. And so, that was how Draco found her, sitting on the plush couch before the fire, reading as always. "That was a dirty trick." He grumbled, referring to how he had essentially been thrown to the motherly wolves. "Thank you," Valentine replied simply. Draco threw himself on to the couch next to her with a sigh. "I missed the silence." He said. "I don't know how you could with your own talking." "I never realized how loud the others were until they weren't here." Draco ignored her comment. "I'm sure that'll be rectified once Leah comes to visit." Draco groaned loudly and let himself sink down into a slouch. "I suppose we'll never escape her." "That is likely, yes." There was a brief moment of quiet as Draco toed off his own shoes. "Never imagined she'd find someone like Benson though." Draco snickered. "I do really feel bad for the girl. She doesn't have any clue what she's getting herself into." "I'm she'll manage." Valentine shrugged. "At any rate, it's far too late for her to run now. Leah is much too attached." "Well, I did warn her." Draco huffed. "I wouldn't say Blaze is much better though." Said Valentine. "He's practically taken your place as Leah's main opponent." "You know, he actually had a nightmare about her a few weeks ago." Draco grinned amusedly. "Apparent she had two heads and bat wings and was trying to bite him." "That sounds an awful lot like how Leah is usually." "Yeah, that's what I told him when he woke up screaming." Draco scoffed. "Then Liam ran around the dorm with his blanket like they were wings." "Was this that time Blaze slept in the common room all night alone?" Asked Valentine, remembering the morning they had woken to see Blaze drooling and half falling out of an armchair. "No, not all at." Said Draco, wide grin betraying him. They fell into a steady silence. The only sounds to be heard were Valentine flicking from page to page and the crackling of the fire. Then Draco spoke again. "You know, the longer it goes on being so quiet, the creepier it is." Valentine sighed and looked up at him. "You just said you missed the silence." "Well, I did at first but now it's just unnerving," Draco grumbled. "It's never a good thing if it's quiet at school. It usually means Leah's up to something." "You sound almost as if you missing school already." "Don't be stupid." Draco's voice twisted into a snarl. "I've never been happier to be out of that wretched place. I don't have to listen to morons going on about how great Potter is. Stupid Potter." "You have a point." Valentine returned to her book. "Ah, here you are." The library had open and closed without either Valentine nor Draco hearing it. Now, Narcissa stood in the middle of the room with a light smile. "So, eager to get studying again?" "As if." Draco huffed under his breath. "No, Draco seems to be allergic to such things." Said Valentine. "So, I've heard." Narcissa arched a brow at her son. "Thanks a lot." Draco sank even further still into the couch, throwing a frown at Valentine. "Draco you should be applying yourself more." Narcissa sighed. "Well, I passed everything didn't I?" He muttered under his breath. "We can't all be geniuses." "Now, now, Draco." Narcissa shook her head at him and moved to stand in front of the fire. "I don't expect you to be like Val." "Good." Draco pouted sourly. "Because I don't think there's anyone else like Val." "I just want you to push yourself to do the best you possibly can." Narcissa eyed him sternly. "Is that a threat, mother?" Draco arched a brow at her. "If it needs to be." Narcissa smiled pleasantly, then sat in the armchair to the left of Valentine. Once more they fell into silence. "Well?" Narcissa prompted expectantly. "Which one of you is going to tell me about how you've been?" "We wrote all the time." Draco groaned. "One of you did." Narcissa gave Valentine a pointed started at was ignore. "But it's hardly the same thing. Tell me about your new friend. This Benson girl that Leah is so fond of." "She's small." Draco shrugged. "Small?" Narcissa frowned. "Yeah." Said Draco. "Mostly in presence. Leah calls her a mouse." "Ah." Narcissa nodded, clearly still not completely understanding. "She's timid." Valentine sighed, not looking up from her book. "Very well mannered and far too mildly at that. She's essentially become Leah's glorified nursemaid." "I see." Narcissa seemed lost in thought for a moment. "Well, I don't suppose anything can be done for it if Leah likes her so much." "Like is an understatement." Draco scoffed. "It's more like obsessed. You should have seen the fit she threw when it was time to leave." "Leah has always been a particular one." Narcissa laughed. "What about your other friends? Highcourt and Zambini?" "Liam and Blaze." Draco nodded. "They're my roommates." "I was friends with the Zambini's in my school days, though I haven't seen them in years." Narcissa smiled. "They were quite a pair. And such a pity about Diana and Gilbert. They died entirely too young and leaving a son behind as well." "Diana and Gilbert?" Asked Draco. "Yes, your friend's parents." Narcissa nodded somewhat somberly. Even Valentine had to look up at that. It was true, she realised, that Liam had never even mentioned his parents, though he had his grandfather multiple times. "I assume his grandfather took him in?" Said Valentine. "Yes, I believe so." Narcissa thought back. "Poor thing." "I knew his parents were dead." Said Draco. "He told me and Blaze a while back, but he didn't say how." "Oh, they were just unfortunate accidents." Narcissa waved him off. "But for them too died within six months of each other? That's the real tragedy I'm afraid. Now, how about we talk about something more cheerful?" Draco almost immediately launched himself into a rant about Harry Potter and Valentine tuned out accordingly. She hadn't given her friends lives much thought before. She knew that Olivia lived with both her parents. She liked her father and seemed to have some kind of issue with her mother, despite still loving her. She knew that Blaze also lived with both his parents and that he had an older brother. As for Liam, all she had known before tonight was that he lived with his grandfather. She felt real, honest pity for him now knowing that both his parents were dead. How had their lives outside of school never really come up before? Well, I suppose Liam wasn't jumping at the chance to chat about his dead parents. That is usually the type of thing people prefer to keep out of casual conversation. "Valentine." Narcissa was then speaking her name, her full name. "Hmm?" She glanced over at her aunt. "We really should talk about this." "About what?" Valentine frowned. "About your behaviour." Narcissa sighed. "Particularly in Potions Class." Valentine promptly snapped her book shut and glared over at Draco. "Don't look at me." He quickly raised both hands in surrender. "I've been received several letters from Professor Snape since you started at Hogwarts and I am less than impressed young lady." Narcissa pinned her with a firm stare. Valentine felt her entire being groan in annoyance. She was a whole another country away and Snape's arrogance could still reach her. "What a bloody tattletale," Valentine grumbled under her breath. "Valentine," Narcissa said in a warning tone. "You're a smart girl. There is no reason for you to act out so." "That's part of the problem." Valentine narrowed her eyes darkly. "I'm too smart to be treated like I'm an idiot. It's hardly my fault he finds my intelligence intimidating." "You're also smart enough to know better." Narcissa shot back. "I do not want to hear a single thing about this kind of behaviour when the school term resumes." "I wouldn't hold my breath," Valentine growled. "Snape is an incompetent moron and I will not allow him to get away with the things he says to me." "Val-" "No." Valentine snapped, cutting off Narcissa and standing. "If I wanted to argue about Snape I would have stayed at school and done it face to face with the grand old bat himself." "I'm not done talking." Narcissa stood, rising far above her. Narcissa could cut a decently intimidating picture when she wanted to, especially when she thought she was being disrespected, but Valentine knew the woman wouldn't do anything to her. Not her own niece. "I'm not at liberty to care." Valentine turned on her heel and marched from the room. Bloody Snape. I'm going to throw a chair at his face the next time I'm blessed with his presence. --Pretending To Hate-- Valentine pushed back the dark covers and stretched, giving herself a moment before she swung her legs over the side of the bed and placed her feet upon the cold wooden floor. Dull rays of light filtered through her curtains, painting stripes along her floor and over her feet as she walked over to the window. Malfoy Manor was as dark and depressing place in its own grand and stately kind of way, and Valentine found that it hadn't changed a bit since she and Draco had been away at school. She also found that she hadn't missed it. Despite all it's fine furniture and marble pillars, it somehow paled in comparison to Hogwarts. Valentine looked out over the snow cloaked gardens and realized she'd never been away from them for so long before. It seemed so strange to be back in her large room, sleeping in her large bed, looking out her large window. Nothing about Hogwarts was small or quaint but somehow didn't seem so smothering with its grandeur. She'd forgotten how easy it was to feel like you were the only person alive when alone in a place like this. She decided she'd be much happier when the two weeks were over. A knock at the door pulled Valentine from her thoughts. "What is it?" She answered lazily. The door opens and Haley stood in the doorway, eyes averted to the floor. I hate this. "Mrs M-Malfoy has requested your presence for b-breakfast." The maid shuddered lightly in the girl's wake. Haley didn't naturally have a stutter. Valentine knew this. It was her presences that made the girl shake so. "Fine. Tell my aunt I shall join them in a few minutes." Valentine replied. Haley seemed relived, moving quickly, she turned and started to leave, one hand on the door. "One second, Haley." Valentine stopped her in her tracks. The maids back visibly stiffened, as she clenched her hands into a fist as a failed attempt to cease the shaking in them. Valentine knew how much she utterly terrified Haley. That was intentional. "Y-yes Miss?" The tension was heavy as if someone had filled the room with wet cement. "Never mind," Valentine said dismissively. Haley nodded, letting out a breath and quickly making her getaway. Valentine liked to avoid the staff at Malfoy Manor. They knew the very worst of her and had experienced being in her line of fire. But somehow Valentine had to have learned how to be as she was now. It took practice and training to find the invisible line of what she could cross and what she couldn't. It didn't hurt her nearly as much as it hurt them. When she had begun her training, they would whisper, 'Miss Valentine. She's snapped'. That was what she needed them to think. And how else could they justify her suddenly turning into such a monster? Blood, broken bones, bruises and screams. Valentine pressed them deep into the back of her mind. Those dark days. Those two years spent figuring out the character she would play, how she would do it. Her mission was built on the suffering of others before it had even begun and she promised herself that when it was all over, she fix what she had broken to the best of her ability. --Pretending to Hate-- "You certainly took your time." That was what Lucius Malfoy sneered at her when she entered the room. She fought the urge to roll her eyes and took her seat beside Draco. He wasn't entirely wrong. She had definitely slept in. She supposed she was catching up on the hours she had missed at Hogwarts. Not that she could tell him that. Not that she offered him any excuse at all. "Did you sleep well?" Narcissa asked her politely as though she hadn't heard her husbands gripe. "Hmm." Valentine hummed, reaching for a bread roll. This was Narcissa's glaring fault. Or at least what Valentine thought it was. Lucius Malfoy was a harsh man and his wife seemed to accept it, even if it hurt their only son. "I'm sure you've heard about how dissatisfactory your behaviour has been, Valentine." Lucius Malfoy glared at her from the head of the table. "I'm sure youhave, sir." Valentine drawled. "You will look at me when I speak to you." He hissed and Valentine raised her eyes to meet his as commanded. His gaze was cold as ever, demanding and sharp. Chin raised, daring her to speak out of term again. She had forgotten what this was like. Putting up with this, answering to his authority. At Hogwarts, she was free from him, but this wasn't Hogwarts. This was his domain and things worked by his rules. "Yes, sir?" She asked plainly, keeping her features neutral although she wanted nothing more than to scowl at him. "I suggest you adjust your behaviour." Lucius sneered at her. "As we have received no complaints about Draco, I insist you learn by example." Valentine saw Draco eyes light up, back straightening. This was the kind of praise he fed off. He didn't mean it as an offence against her. He simply wanted to be seen. "Well?" Lucius prompted when Valentine didn't reply. She held his pale gaze for a moment longer, actively forcing the muscles in her face to stay lame. "Yes, sir." She answered. Lucius sat back in his chair, looking away to show that he was done with her. He raised his goblet to his lips. I hope you choke. He must have found it empty because he held it off to one side and a house-elf in ragged clothes scurried forward. Dobby. His personal punching bag. Valentine doubted there was a being she would ever pity more. Dobby's hands shook and he kept an eye on his master, although the man was looking elsewhere. Then Draco's fork suddenly clattered to his plate loudly and the elf jolted on the spot. This sent a small trickle of wine sloshing to the floor. Hardly enough to notice really, it would take mere moments to clean, but Lucius was already in a mood. "You useless worm!" He snarled and lashed one foot out at Dobby. The small creature went flying as did the wine but Lucius wasn't done. He grabbed his walking cane and stalking across the room to the whimpering Dobby. Valentine crossed her ankles tightly beneath the table to keep herself from standing. She ate, trying to focus on the food rather than the sobbing echoing throughout the room. From the corner of her eye, she could see every muscle in Draco's body was taunt. The pride from his father's minuscule praise gone. At least it's not Draco this time. The thought itself made Valentine want to slap herself. It was as terrible as it was true. If Dobby was being beaten then it wasn't Draco. At least it wasn't Draco. At least. She wrapped her ankles tighter. That's a disgusting thing to think. Across from Valentine and Draco, Narcissa gestured to Emma, a maid standing against the shadows of the back wall to clean up the wine now splattered across the marble floor. Narcissa had to repeat herself when Dobby gave out a particularly loud pained yelped. Valentine looked down at her porridge, neutral as ever. She wanted to throw it across the room, scream about how wrong this was. But she couldn't so she didn't. She sat there and ate her breakfast, ankles clasped so tightly they started to go numb. --Pretending To Hate-- They weaved down and around the skeletal winter branches of the trees that curved around The Falls clearing. Valentine's eyes widen at the sight before her. The waterfall itself came from the swamp of mountains that bordered the back of the Malfoy land. The water came down from the mountains and shooting off a high ridge of rocks down into the large dark chasm. As fantastic as that was, in all Valentines years of playing by The Falls she had never seen a thing like this. The water the disappeared into the dark depths of the cave had never run dry, never stop at all and it had certainly never frozen over, until today. Oh, my, god. "How?" Valentine whispered, pushing past the rest of the frozen foliage and climbing over rocks. "Told you." Draco followed behind her. "It's never frozen over before." Years ago, Valentine had gathered up the gall to ask her uncle about the place. He had lived on the property all his life, after all. He had known that it was there, although he hadn't seen it with his own eyes in over a decade. What reason would he have? He told her that she was being a nuisance and sent her away. Later, she had gone back to his study and riffled through his things until she found a book noting an account of the manor's grounds. The Falls, as she read, had been there since before the Malfoys and seemed to possess a strange aura of magical energy and no one could figure out how to tap into it. Instead, of trying to get to the bottom of it, the Malfoys kept it a secret. If they couldn't have the power, no one could. "I don't think it ever has." Valentine murmured. She crept closer to the icy edge, peering down into the darkness. It would be incredibly easy to slip right over the edge if she tripped or lost her balance. "Be careful," Draco warned, not willing to move near the edge himself. "I'm fine." She rolled her eyes at him. "If you fall, I'm not saving you." "Oh, thank you so much, cousin. Your affection for me is overwhelming." Valentine grumbled. "It doesn't have to be." Scoffed Draco. "That's what Leah's for." "Don't remind me." Valentine picked up a small stone by her feet and dropped it down in the dark, waiting for the sound of it making contact. She didn't hear a thing. That was normal. As far as they could tell, the drop into the darkness was never-ending. "I'd like to throw Potter down there," Draco said spitefully. You just had to bring him into this, didn't you? "That'd be far too good for him. Weasley and Granger, however..." Valentine added darkly. "I'd throw them in right after him." Draco laughed, rubbing his hands together. "You look like a fairy tale villain." Valentine snorted. "Oh, really?" "Yes, really." Draco crouched down and scooped up a handful of snow and lobbed it directly at her. The snow splattered against the girl's chest with a thump. She didn't cry out in surprise, she didn't make a sound. Her face remained passive and empty. Valentine slowly raised her hands and brushed the cold powder from the front of her coat. Oh, you are so dead. Draco eyed her warily. She then carefully couched down, her face still emotionless as Draco gave a barely concealed flinch. Valentine grabbed a handful of snow and took her time crafting it into a perfect sphere. "Val" Draco leered nervously. "I was just messing around. She inspected the snowball for a moment before pulling her arm back, aiming for her Draco's forehead. Draco gave out a surprised shriek and ducked behind a skeletal tree. The snowball crushed against the tree trunk. Damn. I missed. "Missed me!" The boy laughed and peeked out around the tree. "Huh?" Valentine was no longer standing by the frozen falls. "Val?" Draco moved from his hiding spot, puzzlement on his fare features. "Val?" ...And...strike! He suddenly heard boots crunching over snow, but before he could turn around completely, a felt a smack of coldness hit the back of his coat. He gave another surprised yelp. "I believe I didn't miss that time." Valentine spared him a smirked, brushing her hands off on her coat. "Congratulations." He rolled his eyes bitterly, clapping a hand over his heart, trying to gain control over his breathing. "Did you really have to do a sneak attack?" Valentine heard nearby rustling and she paused. What was that? "Did you hear that?" She asked. "Hear what?" There it was again. "Be quiet." Valentine hushed him. This time Draco heard it as well. "What was that?" Draco gasped. "Shut up." She snapped, now on high alert. "Over there," Draco whispered, raising his hand and pointing towards a small bush. "Stay still," Valentine told him as the bush gave another rustle. "What are you doing?" Draco hissed at Valentine, as she slowly moved closer to the bush. "Just stay where you are." She said firmly. What happened next transpired so quickly, neither had time to blink let alone do something to change the situation. A small brown rodent burst through the leaves and scrambled past Valentine's ankles. Draco gave a shriek, jumping out of the way in a panic. He lost his footing, feet sliding out from under him. Valentine's heart lurched in her chest. In their own amusement, they had forgotten to take care. Draco had been standing very near to the falls icy edge. She shot forward towards him, getting down onto her hands and knees. Draco scrambled to grab hold of Valentine's outstretched hand as his legs swept backwards and over the side. Valentine latched onto his hand as half of his torso followed his legs. If she let go, Draco would disappear into the dark and she would never see him again. "Help! Please! Don't let go!" The boy screamed, kicking his legs wildly. Valentine attempted to pull Draco back over the edge, but either he was too heavy or she was too weak. She didn't have time to figure out which. She also, couldn't risk being pulled down with him. That way, neither of them would be walking away from this. "Stop moving! I can't hold on if you keep moving around!" She ordered, panic slipping into her voice. But Draco wasn't listening, continuing to yell and plead as Valentine racked her brain for a way out of this. "Draco, listen to me!" She snapped and Draco seemed to calm for a moment. "I'm going to try and pull you up. But you need to stop moving or you are going to fall!" Draco nodded fearfully and creasing his movement with a whimper. "Now stay still." She said, tightening her grip on him, teeth clenched. Valentine pulled back with everything she had, groaning under his weight. She struggled to her knees, pulling his stomach up over the edge. Draco hurried too quickly as he scrambled onto the snow and almost made her lose her hold. She squeezed tighter, holding her breath as she pulled him that next few inches before he could roll onto his back to safety. He was breathing heavy, tears running from his eyes. "Are you...OK?" Valentine panted, hunched over on her hands and knees. Draco shook his head weakly and forced himself to sit. He reached for her and wrapped his arms around her waist, burying his face in her stomach. When they pulled apart, Valentine gave a sigh and fell back on her elbows, exhausted. But she didn't have time to catch her breath. She didn't know how, but she was slipping backwards. Her heart skipped a beat and she felt herself slip over the edge of the falls, head first. Draco
"Valentine Druella Elladora Lestrange, will you hold still!" Narcissa Malfoy hissed, holding the side of Valentine's face in viperous grip. "I'm fine." Valentine shoved her aunt away, growling at the use of her full name. "Fine? You are not fine!" Narcissa stared at her incredulously, Draco hovering over her shoulder. "We should have taken you straight to a hospital!" "I'm fine." Valentine ground out between her teeth, trying to not pay attention the throbbing pain in her left temple. "I have told you and Draco time and time again! Stay away from there! But you both seem so intent on ignoring me!" "Don't yell." Valentine snapped, holding the side of her head with one hand. "This headache is going to be the death of me." Valentine watched as guilt flashed over Narcissa's face. She slowly tried to calm herself, massaging the bridge of her nose. Valentine understood why she was so mad. They'd disobeyed her and one of them had been injured because of it. She remembered coming to, a pounding sharpness in her head and blurry faces with muted words. She'd been so confused at first. Her arms and legs lashed out in panic. The last thing she remembered was falling. Narcissa and Draco quickly reassured her and explained what had happened. The squirrel had leapt from the bush by the falls and her feet had slipped out from under her. Not Draco's feet like she remembered. There was no grand struggle to save the life of her cousin, no fall in to the darkness. She had dreamt it all, the whole thing. It was over an hour before her real memories began to drift back to her. Lucius was furious. He had been called from what he insisted was a very important social visit, although Valentine wouldn't have been surprised if he was just playing cards with Leah's father. Then to find that Draco and Valentine had disobeyed their strict orders. It had put him in anything less than a good mood. She didn't see it happen, but she knew it did. From the red mark quickly turning purple on Draco's cheek, she knewwhat happened. His father often took out Valentine's disobedience on his son. It was Draco's job to keep her line, however difficult a task that was, Lucius didn't care. Try as Draco might, Valentine wasn't the kind of person someone like him could control and he always paid for it. It turned Valentine's stomach to think about and she glared at the thick, luxurious rug on the sitting room floor. Narcissa had cast a charm to stem the bleeding. She'd wanted to take Valentine to the hospital but Lucius had scoffed at that, saying the bloody gash was hardly worth the trip. The treatment had been slightly painful, but not more so then her raging head pain. Narcissa worked at her with magic and her skin slowly knitted back together, leaving nothing but a scar. Narcissa was no healer, but she spread a thin, clear ointment over the scar and insisted that it would not take long to disappear. All in all, her head ached, Draco's cheek stung and her uncles temper boiled. "Valentine, you have to realize what you've done. Things could have gone worse today." Narcissa grabbed shoulders, with a stern frown. "You have to be more careful. You have to look out of each other. If Draco hadn't been with you, you could haveyou could still be out there." "Died." Valentine said firmly. "I could have died." "Don't say that." Narcissa grimaced. "I only said it because you wouldn't." "Listen to me, Valen-" "I have been listening to you. And all I am hearing is the same words in different orders!" Valentine winced as her own voice made her head throb. She pushed Narcissa's hands away, turning from her with a scowl. "Do not speak to me like I'm some stupid child." "Val-" "Enough!" Valentine snapped, a vicious glare glowing in her eyes. Narcissa pulled back. When Valentine was like this, there was no point trying to reason with her. She knew that too well to keep trying. Valentine stood, and a little too quickly at that because she head spun and she had to grab the back of the couch to steady herself. Narcissa immediately reached for her but Valentine held out a hand to stop her. Her head throbbed but she did her best to ignore it as she started from the room. "I would hope that you think about your actions and they effect the rest of us." Narcissa spoke out before she could leave. Valentine didn't even pause. She just kept walking. --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine took a bath and then laid in the dark on the bed until her headache drifted away and she started too as well. It was around that time that she heard the door creak open. She could feel the hesitation in the air and knew who it was before the door shut and she felt the bed dip inwards behind her. "Val?" Draco whispered. "Are you awake?" "No." She replied. "How's your head?" Valentine grumbled and sat up, turning to face him in the darkness. Even in the dim lighting, she could see the bruise that was fading from his cheek. Clearly, Narcissa's doing. The sight made her chest bubble with rage and she quickly quelled it, curling her fists into the bed covers. "I'm sure I'll survive." "Okay." Draco nodded but it was clearly written on his face that he had more to say. "Okay. That's good." "What's is it, Draco?" Valentine prompted impatiently. "Nothing." He said quickly. Valentine irked a knowing brow at him. He chewed the inside of his mouth for a moment in debate before caving. He sighed and flopped down on his back beside her. "Spill." Said Valentine, lying down as well. "Father's mad at me." I'm sorry. "I told him that it was my idea to go out there." "Well, aren't you stupid." Valentine quipped but it had no emotion to it. "I wasn't going to lie to him," Draco said firmly. "It was my idea." "What are you trying to get at?" "I'm not trying to get at anything." "Uh-huh." "I'm not!" Draco nudged her with his elbow. "I just..." Something in Valentine's brain clicked. "You just think it's your fault." She felt Draco's entire body stiffened. "Well, isn't it?" He asked softly. Draco's not the type to assume responsibility for much of anything. For him to actually feel guilty, he must have been agonizing over this since it happened... "Don't be stupid." Valentine snorted flippantly. "I didn't have to go with you. And besides, the real culprit is that bloody rodent. Oh, the things I would do if I could get my hands on it." "You're...not mad at me then?" Draco's voice brightened slightly. "Do you really think I would let you in here if I was?" "Ah. Right." "Exactly," Valentine said pointedly. "And if I was blaming you for something, you'd bloody well know it." "That is true." "Yes, it is." They lapsed into a moment of comfortable silence. Once again, Valentine was on the edge of sleep when Draco spoke again. "I heard mother and Mr's Lovat talking this morning, you know." "And?" "It was about Christmas clothes for tomorrow." "Oh, hell." "Exactly." --Pretending To Hate-- "No." "Valentine." "No. I refuse." "Valen-" "No!" Narcissa held up the dress in her arms, a look of frustration on her face. The dress was a pretty little red and green plaid thing and Valentine wanted no part in it. "Valentine, you're being ridiculous! It's just a dress!" Narcissa snapped at her. Narcissa always called Valentine by her unabridged name when she was being serious, dropping the usual 'Val' that most everyone used. It was when Narcissa used Valentine's full name that she was furious. "I already gave you my answer." Valentine crossed her arms over her chest. "You will wear the dress Valentine, even if I have to pin it on you." The woman threatened lightly. "Just you try." Valentine glared at her aunt and turned to the window as if she could shatter the glass with only her eyes. "Your too old for this kind of thing," Narcissa said sighed stepping towards her niece. "Your mother never liked to be told what to wear either, you know. She ran away for three days once when we were children because she simply refused to wear what our mother told her to. That most certainly did not go over well." Narcissa's mother and Valentine's grandmother, Druella Black had died when Valentine was three. She had practically no memory of the woman and was hardly pressed about it. From what she had heard, Druella Black was a harsh and cold woman so she didn't feel as though she was missing out on much. In fact, much of Valentine's extended family was this way. Both of Draco's grandparents on his father's side were dead and as were the grandparents on Valentine's own father's side. And with Druella Black dead, that left only Cygnus Black, her husband still alive and Valentine didn't like him to say the least. Narcissa's older sister, Andromeda had been disowned when she married a Muggle man and later had a child with him. If Valentine was correct, which she generally was, Andromeda's child, her cousin had finished her education at Hogwarts that same year before the summer. Just a years displacement and they would have been attending at the same time. Not that Narcissa or Lucius would have approved. Neither Valentine not Draco had ever met Andromeda or her daughter. Then there was her cousin Sirius Black who had run away from his family when he was young, leading to his disownment. Valentine had never met him either considering he had been sentenced to life in Azkaban for murder. And speaking of Azkaban, that was where her mother, father and even her father's brother had been imprisoned. Valentine's family had always been an interesting one to say the very least. Narcissa reached out a tender hand and stroked Valentine's unruly curls. A distant look filled her eyes as she remembered the times of her childhood. "Just wear the dress. Please." The woman turned, threw the dress on the bed and left the room. Valentine stood perfectly still until she couldn't hear Narcissa's footsteps any more, the tapping of her heels on the marble floors fading from earshot. "Stupid dress," Valentine grumbled and slid onto the floor beneath the window. She sighed, leaning her elbow on her knee and cradling her chin in the palm of her hand. She always does that. Using my mother as a way to make me behave. But she doesn't realize that it doesn't alarm me, or even interest me. Both my mother and father have been sentenced to life in Azkaban and no one escapes from Azkaban, that's a fact. Nobody ever has and it's very likely that no one ever will. I have no recollection of them, none of those cryptic memories about being nursed by a woman with my hair, or a man with my eyes. I suppose a normal reaction to a situation like mine is sadness, hopefulness that I could somehow meet my parents, but I don't feel anything like that. It's hard to tell whether that's a good or a bad thing. Emotional deciphering has never been my strong suit. Am I better off not caring? I mean, how can I be sure that they loved me at all? Valentine groaned and pulled a hand back through her hair. Thinking about things like this was useless. Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange meant nothing to her. They were strangers doomed to ever be connected. She wondered how Harry Potter felt about his parents. Surely he wouldn't remember his either? Perhaps, she thought, it would be different because his parents were good people who were killed in cold blood and Valentine's parents were disgusting murders. But how could she know? It wasn't as though she could ask him. Valentine sighed again and stood from her place on the floor. Whatever. If I just wear the bloody dress Narcissa will stop nagging me. She trudged over to her bed to pick up the dress, looking it over it with a critical eye. It was red, green and dark plaid, with a white collar and short sleeves. In truth, she didn't hate the dress itself, but she would always object to being told what to wear. She wouldn't deny her glaring rebellious streak. As far as she was concerned, she was by far old enough to be trusted to dress appropriately. Narcissa simply liked to play dress up and always jumped at the chance to see Valentine in something other than the black dresses she always wore. But even if Valentine had to dress in a certain way for particular occasions, she would have like to choose what she would wear. Valentine threw the dress back down and reached behind to start undoing the buttons on her own dress. If she nags at me, even once, I am feeding this entire dress to Leah. --Pretending to Hate-- "I hate wearing this," Draco whined, looking at his reflection in the mirror with distaste. He glowering at the formal wear that is mother always insisted he wear for special occasions such as Christmas. "It could be much worse," Valentine said, from her place sitting on the end of his bed. "I'm allowed to complain, okay? Besides, we're only seeing Leah and her parents like every other year. What does it matter what we wear?" "Perhaps, but I'd take a suit over this hideous thing your mother dares to call a dress anyway of week." Valentine grimaced in disgust at her plaid dress. It really wasn't that bad and she knew that. Narcissa hadn't been afflicted with bad taste, Valentine was just enjoying the opportunity to complain. "It's really not that bad." Draco groaned and threw himself down on the bed beside her. "You're just not used to wearing something otherthen black." "Black is a perfectly suitable colour," Valentine said stiffly. "For a funeral." "Keep talking and I'll be wearing it to yours." Draco rolled his eyes at her. He could tell when she was being serious and when she wasn't. He paused for a moment and looked at her. "What?" She asked. "Does it still hurt?" He gestured to her temple. Valentine softly fingered the scar just below her hairline above her temple. "No, and my headache is finally gone." "And father is still mad at me." Draco sighed. "Some Merry Christmas this is." "I'm sure it will be once Leah gets here." Valentine scoffed. "Ugh, don't remind me." The boy facepalmed. "Leah is going to freak when she sees that scar, you know." "I know. She only seems to notice the things we don't want her to." "She'll scream. She always does. I'm surprised her parents aren't deaf." "No argument there." There was a knock at the door. "What is it?" Draco called out. "Draco, have you seen-?" Narcissa poked her head around the door. "Oh. Valentine, you're in here. And you're wearing the dress!" Narcissa's eyes lit up at the sight. "One more word and I'll burn it." Valentine threatened coldly. "Oh, you look lovely. I know it would suit you. And you Draco! You look so handsome." The woman chuckled, ignoringthe children's grumbles. "Soyou're feeling better then?" "Yes." Valentine sighed. "Good! But you still have to take it easy. After all, none of this would have happened if you two just did as you weretold." Narcissa planted a hand on either hip. "I'm going to get ready for tonight. You two had better behave yourself. You know howimpressionable Leah is. The last thing we need is all three of you making us worry. Valentine and Draco looked up at her with withering expressions. Right. Because Leah isn't already crazy on her own. "Well?" Narcissa arched a brow. "Am I understood?" "Yes, you are understood." Valentine and Draco said together, far to slowly and drolly for it to be genuine. "Good." Narcissa frowned. "And you are not to go outside either. I don't want to see a single spec of dirt on those clothes." "What are we supposed to do?" Valentine arched a brow at her. "Sit here and not move until dinner?" "If that's what will keep your clothes clean." Narcissa smiled too brightly and left the room before Valentine had the chance to rebut her. "She's your mother," Valentine said bitterly. "So? She's your aunt." --Pretending to Hate-- Valentine stood with Draco her aunt and uncle by the fireplace in the main sitting room of Malfoy Manor. The Lovats were going to be there in precisely thirty-two seconds, as her uncle had said and Valentine was bracing herself. Behind her, Narcissa fussed with her hair and flowing green gown, constantly asking her husband on its state. Draco fiddled around with his hands in his pockets, only to earn a threatening tap on the shoulder from his father. Valentine hated this. Standing here like some facade of a perfect family. They weren't even a decent one, let alone anything boarding on perfect. But Lucius and Narcissa seemed intent on keeping up this charade until they died. Valentine could never understand why. They always spent Christmas with the Lovat's whom they were so close to they may have well been related. What point was there on putting on airs for them? The longer she spent in it, the less high society made sense. Then, thirty-two seconds later, the fireplace was filled with a brilliant flash of flames. The first thing Valentine saw was the blurred figures of three people, and the first thing she heard was Leah. "DRACO! VAL! MERRY CHRISTMAS!" Leah Lovat flew out of the fireplace as if flung from a slingshot and vaulted both Valentine and Draco to the ground with her. "Are you trying to kill us!" Draco growled, rubbing at his elbow. "What the hell is wrong with you?" "Get off me, Leah!" Valentine spat, Leah rest atop her, sitting on her chest. "I said get off!" "But I missed you, Val!" Leah exclaimed, leaning down to grab her friend's shoulders and nuzzle her cheek into Valentine's. Then suddenly she paused,inches away from Valentine's face. Leah's golden brown eyes widened and sheunknowingly dug her fingers into her Valentine's shoulders. "Val, you're hurt!" "Well, obviously because you're crushing me!" Valentine heaved to one side and threw her off. "What happened?" Leah leaned down closer to Valentine, glaring bloody murder at the small scar on her forehead. "Who did this to my Val?" "No one did." Valentine hissed pushing hair from her face and knowing whatever semblance of order there had been was now totally gone. "It was an accident, you idiot." "Oh..." Leah trailed off awkwardly and then looked up at the room of people staring down at her. She laughed nervously and her eyes flickered down to Valentine's dress. "Oh! You look so cute!" Leah was then chirping happily once more, bouncing up from her place on the floor. "There is something so very wrong with you." Valentine sighed heavily, pulling herself up off the floor as Draco did the same. "Leah, really." The beautiful Rose Lovat frowned down at her. "Up off the floor, we've talked about this." "Sorry, mama." Leah giggled sheepishly and quickly stood. "Narcissa, Lucius. It's great to see you both. Merry Christmas." Rose enveloped Narcissa in a warm hug. Rose wore deep red, adjacent to Narcissa's green. They always liked to coordinate outfits. "It's wonderful to see you too, Rose. William." Narcissa smiled and nodded. The two women exchanged their happy smiles and greetings while to the two men nodded and shook hands. "See, Leah. Two perfect examples of normal greetings." Valentine glowered at the girl. "Perhaps you should take notes." But, of course, Leah wasn't listening. "What do you think of my outfit, guys? Mama helped me pick it out." Leah asked, a big smile on her face. She was wearing a silky red dress decorated with bows, but it was quite hidden under her vast collection of accessories. Naturally, Valentine and Draco couldn't simply say, 'yes, you look fine'. That would have been extremely out of character. "Are you wearing lipstick?" Asked Draco. "Why are you wearing so many bracelets?" Valentine added. "Surely they'll get in the way." "What are those stupid things on your head?" Draco gestured to the fake antlers. "You really think you can wear those earrings without getting them caught on anything?" "There is no way you make it through dinner with spilling something on yourself." "Shut up, shut up!" Leah screamed and crumpled to the floor in a fit of despair, clamping her hands over her ears. "I don't wanna hear it! Why can't you guys just let me bask in my own beauty for once?" "Because you're an idiot," Draco replied. The adults of the room simply stared, used to the girl's antics. "Leah." Her mother sighed. "For the one-hundredth time. Up off the floor." Then a nervous Haley appeared in the doorway of the sitting room. She cleared her voice and waited for the rooms attention. "Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, but lunch is ready to be served." "Food!" Leah immediately jumped back to her feet, a new light shining in her eyes. "Yes, will shall eat shortly." Said Lucius to the maid. "You look beautiful by the way, Valentine." Rose Lovat smiled giddily at the girl. Ugh, she's always so happy. It's bloody blinding, how is anyone this jovial? Leah definitely doesn't get her mood swings from her. "Thank you miss Lovat, you as well," Valentine said in a bored tone that hid none of her contempt. "Valentine!" Narcissa hissed. "Oh, its fine Narcissa!" Rose waved her off. "Children will be children. I should know." Rose gave Leah a pointed look and Leah, in turn, stared out the window, pretending not to notice. "You look well, William." Narcissa nodded to the quiet man. "As do you." He replied curtly. "Although you always do." "Easy on the compliments." Lucius laughed good-naturedly. "You already have a wife of your own." "Hmm, yes." Rose beamed. "I always wanted a wife." "Me as well." Narcissa linked arms with her. "Well, then it's settled." Rose kissed her cheek. "Now we all have wives." Both women laughed. "Hey, Val." Leah nudged her. "No." "But I didn't say anything." Leah pouted. "We are not being wives." "But why not?" "Because you irritate me." "Yeah, and besides," Draco butt in. "If Val was your wife, then Olivia couldn't be." Leah's eyes snapped open wide in shock. "Oh, my, God, you're right." "You're both idiots," Valentine grumbled and took a pointed step back from the both of them. "Shall we eat?" Lucius asked, loud enough for them all to hear. "I shall, I shall!" Leah chanted. "Of course, dear." Said Narcissa and lead everyone into the dining room. Once everyone was seated around the long dark wooden table in their usual spots, servants stepped forward to place the first course down. Dobby stood awkwardly in the far corner where he always did when they ate, in case he was needed. Valentine was certain it had more to do with making him watch as they devoured a colourful feast of food. The adults began conversing in that way that always bored the children to death, so Valentine, Draco and Leah begin there own. Which meant bickering. "So...Draco. I see your mother is still making you wear a suit for Christmas." Leah said, a mouth full of what looked like carrots. "Shut up," Draco growled. "And don't speak with your mouth full, Leah." Valentine grimace in disgust. And here I was hoping Olivia's manners had rubbed off on her. "You're not my mother." Leah stuck her tongue out at Valentine. "Yes. But I am." Interrupted Rose, who was sitting across from her daughter. "So, mind your manners, Leah." "Yes, Mama," Leah grumbled, eyes on the table cloth in shame. "I heard from Liam and Blaze this morning." Draco looked to Valentine. "As did I." She nodded. "Oh! Oh!" Leah perked up immediately. "I heard from Olivia. I still feel so awful that we just left her there." "I'm sure she'll survive somehow." Valentine rolled her eyes. "I miss her." Leah sniffed. "Uh-huh." Draco blinked at her plainly. "I'm sure she's just happy to get two seconds away from you." "No!" Leah pouted. "Olivia loves having me around." "No one loves having another person hanging off them twenty-four hours a day, every day." Draco scoffed. "Like that's not what you do to Val." Leah shot back. "It's not!" "Right, yeah, I totally believe you." "At least Val likes having me around!" Draco spat. "She just says that so you don't get upset! We all know how sensitive you are." Valentine rolled her eyes and stabbed at a piece of meat with her knife. She held it up and cleared her throat. Draco and Leah stopped fighting to look at her in question. "You see this?" Valentine waves it at them. "This piece of meat will be your heads if you don't shut the hell up." --Pretending to Hate-- "PRESENTS, PRESENTS, PRESENTS!" Leah cheered happily, waving her arms wildly above her head. "PRESENTS, PRESENTS!" The girl's mother slapped a hand over her daughter's mouth with a strained smile. Leah had definitely been pushing the boundaries of what everyone could put up with. "Another shout from you and we're going home," Rose spoke softly. "I'm sorry!" Leah mumbled through her mother's hand. Despite her mother's scolding, Leah ran on through to the sitting room, where the gift exchanging always took place. She continued on with her chant, now in a low, cautious whisper. "I think next year we should change the room we set the tree up in. Just to throw her off." Draco whispered toValentine, as they followed Leah. "She'll probably have another mental breakdown." "Oh? I thought she was born like that." Draco smirked. Valentine, Draco and Leah sat down on the couch across from the large and colourful Christmas tree, while the adults seated themselves in there respected spots about the room, just like every year. "So, have you children decided who gets the first gift?" Asked Rose, wearing a serene smile. "ME! ME!" Leah's arm immediately shot up into the air. "You went first last year!" Draco shot a glare at her. "Draco," Lucius snapped suddenly. "You are not three years old. Learn how to be a gentleman." "Sorry, father." Draco apologized quickly, lowering his head. Valentine felt her fist clench in her lap. Lucius wouldn't typically scold Draco for something like that but since Valentine's fall, he'd been short with him. It was because of her that Draco had such an ashamed look on his face. But that guilt would do her no good so she squeezed her fists tightly and then released. Draco will perk up once he gets his gifts anyway. "Val, how about you choose who goes first this year?" Narcissa smiled at her encouragingly. Valentine frowned and then looked at Draco and Leah. They were both staring expectantly, waiting for her to make her choice. Right. Because this isn't a catch twenty-two. If I choose Leah, Draco will get all moody and if I choose Draco, Leah will throw a fit. "Miss Lovat, I'd like it if you'd receive the first gift." Valentine decided her face void from any trace of emotion. "Oh." Rose blinked before smiling. "Well, thank you." Draco slumped back in his spot with a grumble while Leah immediately perked up and dashed to her feet. "Please, pick mine mama!" "Of course, dear." Rose laughed softly. She was always the perfect picture of grace. What Valentine would have given to see her truly out of sorts for once. Leah bounced over to the tree, picked up a gift wrapped in golden paper and skipped happily over to her mother, humming a Christmas carol. Valentine sighed and let her head rock back to the stare at the ceiling. This is what it was like every year when they opened presents. It always took far too long for her liking due to the huge pile of gifts and the fact that everyone liked to see them opened one by one. But this was what their Christmas was. Christmas Eve was treated like any other night, Christmas morning was used to prepare and then they had to wait for the Lovat's to arrive. This was the only Christmas Valentine had ever known. Typically what Valentine looked forward was how ridiculously excited Leah got every year. Even Draco used to jump around like that until his father decided he was too old to get so hyped up over Christmas. Draco had been eight and Valentine couldn't understand how that was too old but Draco complied as he always did and Narcissa said nothing. Valentine wondered how Olivia was. From her letters, she insisted she was having a good time but Valentine doubted she would tell them if it was otherwise. What was Christmas like at Hogwarts? How would it compare to her families celebrations? "Hello!" Valentine was suddenly yanked from her thoughts by a hand being waved in front of her eyes. "Stop it, Leah." Valentine blinked and quickly battered the girl's hand away. "But don't you want to open your present?" The girl pouted. "It's from me." Valentine glanced down at the small purple box in Leah's hand before Leah thrust it into her face, giggling madly. "Come on! Open it!" Always so excited, bright and beaming. Valentine hoped that no one ever did to Leah what Lucius did to Draco. "Fine." Valentine snatched the box with a sigh. She removed the lid, expecting some kind of shiny button or pretty rock. Those were the kinds of things Leah delighted in giving people as those were the kind of things Leah liked. Valentine's eyes widened but a fraction as she stared down into the box. "Do you like it? Do you like it?" Leah's eyes were bright and hopeful. "Tell me what you think, dammit!" Valentine lifted the silver ring from the box, holding it close to observe. She almost smiled and then stopped herself. It was black gem eyed serpent, made so it would wound itself around your finger. The scales were engraved delicately from head to tail and they glinted at her when titled just right in the candlelight. "It's beautiful!" Narcissa gasped, standing to take a closer look. "It's a snake," Draco muttered, also looking over at the ring in astonishment. He almost looked confused. "I can't believe she got you something so normal. Hey! How come you gave Val a cool ring and but you just gave me another rock!" "Oi!" Leah pouted angrily. "I spent four hours looking for that!" "Thank you, Leah," Valentine spoke up before they could continue. "He, he!" Leah's attention was immediately recaptured. "I knew you'd like it! I saw it and was just like, you know what? Val would love that!" "Well, put it on." Narcissa nodded to her. Valentine slipped the ring onto her middle finger on her right hand and held it up for everyone to see. She wanted to smile again. For once it was a normal present and it wrapped around her finger like it had been made for her. "Yes!" Leah cheered. "I give the best presents!" "It looks lovely." Rose nodded in approval. "Yes, it suits you," William added. "Val now you should give Leah your present." Narcissa prompted. Valentine stood and made her way over to the towering Christmas tree. She bent down and pick up a gift in light blue wrapping paper, fastened with a shiny pink ribbon. She turned and handed it to Leah who was practically vibrating with giddy anticipation. "Merry Christmas." Valentine stated plainly. Leah ripped her way through the wrapping paper impatiently to reveal a white box. Leah then tore away the lid and her golden-brown eyes lit up brighter than the lights on the tree. "Oh, my, gosh. She's so pretty! Look at her little dress!" Leah leapt forward and wrapped her free arm around Valentine. "Thank you, Val!" Valentine wiggled her way out of the girl's grasp and sat on the other side of Draco. "What is it, Leah?" Rose asked, eagerly. "Look! She's so pretty, Mama!" Leah rushed over to her mother, completely unfazed by Valentine's blatant rejection. Leah then carefully pulled the doll from the box with more caution then Valentine had ever seen her use. "She has a little teddy bear and everything!" Leah pointed accordingly. Valentine had picked out the doll months ago, closer to last Christmas then the current one. She'd been in Hogsmeade with Draco and Narcissa. It was something they rarely did, just leaving the Manor for fun and it had actually been Draco who spotted the doll near the end of their trip. It was a porcelain doll with a head of shinning golden curls and glossy hazel eyes. It was dressed up in a lacey, floral dress, and attached to one hand was a small teddy bear. Draco was already getting Leah a new pair of shoes to replace the ones he threw out the window in a rage one afternoon so he suggested Valentine could get it as Leah's Christmas present. "She's beautiful." Rose apprised the doll. "What are you going to call her, dear?" "Um...Olivia!" Leah nodded decisively. "Oh, God," Draco muttered under his breath. "But Leah isn't that the name of your-" The sound of metal and glass smashing against the marble floors silenced Rose's question. They all stood, looking through the wide archway into the foyer. Emma, the maid, was on her knees hurriedly cleaning up a fallen tray and pieces of glass. "Honestly." Lucius scoffed. "How incompetent. Dob-!" Then Valentine moved from her spot and marched straight towards Emma, Lucius's growl dying on his tongue. Of course. Sooner or later something would force this night to turn sour. "Val, what are you doing?" Draco asked, the panic in his voice rising for the whole room to hear. Then another maid was hurrying to Emma's side. Haley bent down beside the other girl, trying to dissolve the mess as quickly as possible. "Please, do not worry yourself, Miss," Emma said quickly as they scooped pieces of glass on the tray. "I'm sure they have it dealt with, Val," Narcissa added, her voice almost sounded like a warning. I'm sure they do. And that was it. No one else spoke out. No one else tried to stop her. No one wanted to get in the way of a Lestrange on the warpath. Valentine didn't stop until she was standing right in front of the two maids. "Haley." Like always, the simple indifference that had been in her voice moments ago was gone and replaced with a soft kind of malice, that Haley was all too familiar with. "Y-yes, Miss." The girl squeaked, she and Emma freezing. "Look at me, Haley." The maid lifted her head shakily, meeting the girls cold and vicious gaze. "She doesn't need your help." "But-" Valentine's bright eyes narrowed, taking on a demented glimmer. "But?" "B-but..." Haley seemed to grow smaller under the scrutiny. "Speak up, Haley," Valentine ordered, her voice dark and threatening. The girl looked up at her hopelessly. Haley knew that either way, this situation would not end well. With Haley at a loss for words, Valentine moved one foot and slammed it down on Emma's hand. Emma gave a high pitch scream as glass sliced into the palm of her hand. "I can't hear you." Valentine reached down and grabbed a fist full of Haley's collar. "Please...p-please, M-miss Valentine. I was only trying t-to help." Haley managed to force out a jumble of stuttered words, dark eyes clouding with tears and fear. "Oh, were you?" Valentine twisted her foot, and with it the flesh of the girl's hand. Emma gave another pained scream, glass breaking and slicing further. Tears dribbled down Haley's cheeks and she stuttered once more. "Pl-please, Miss." Haley sucked in a trembling breath. "Please." She's scared. Terrified in fact. Worried and panicked. Sad and angry. It's as if a vast world containing very negative emotion possible is in her eyes. That's fine. That's my goal. Fear me, hate me. I'm dangerous. I'm a monster. Valentine suddenly lifted her foot and Emma immediately jerked away with a quiet sob. Valentine curled her fist tighter in Haley's collar and yanked the girl close. "Get this mess cleaned up. Wouldn't want someone to slip, now would we?" --Pretending To Hate-- "Come on." Leah pleaded eyes squeezed shut tightly as she shook the dice in her cupped hands. "Give me a six. Please. You know you want to." "Bloody hell, Leah." Draco groaned. "Just roll the damn dice already." Leah glared at him and continued to shake her hands up and down out of spite. "Leah." Draco eyed her darkly. "I said roll the dice." "Don't rush me!" Leah then started rocking her hands up over each shoulder, one at a time. Draco sighed and let himself fall back onto the floor. That's what he gets for agreeing to play with her. Not that she was going to take no for an answer. Valentine rolled onto her stomach, taking a moment to admire her ring. She sat on her bed while Leah and Draco were on her floor, trying out a new board game Draco had gotten for Christmas over a plate of cookies. They were all dressed in their nightwear by now but sleep was far from near. Around this time of night, the adults would still be downstairs, drinking and probably laughing about the inferiority of the poor. That's what Valentine assumed they'd be doing anyway. She turned her head to look out her large window. It was snowing again. Finally, Leah rolled the dice, getting a three instead of a six much to her dismay. "I don't want to play anymore!" She announced sourly. "Fine!" Draco snapped back. "I didn't want to play in the first place." Draco stood and threw himself on the bed besides Valentine. "Well," She scoffed. "That lasted longer than I thought it would." Leah grabbed the plate of cookies and snuggled into the other side of Valentine. "Do not make a mess on my bed." Valentine eyed the plate pointedly. "I won't." Leah rolled her eyes, sticking a cookie in between her teeth. She then shoved the plate into Valentine's hand and jumped off the bed. "Where are you going?" Draco frowned at her. "I'll be right back!" Leah hurried out the door and they heard the one across the hall open. "I believe she's in your room." Said Valentine, grabbing a cookie for herself. "Oh, hell." Draco dropped his face on the bed. Then seconds later Leah came bounding back in, Draco's blanket dragging on the floor behind her. "Seriously?" Draco groaned. "What? I'm cold!" Leah hopped back onto the bed, throwing the blanket over Valentine so it would cover all three of them. Then she climbed under herself and wriggled her way into Valentine's side. "Val." She batted her long lashes up at her friend. "What do you want now?" Valentine sighed. "Tell us a story?" "You know how to read, Leah." "Yeah, but I like it so much better when you do it." "You're such a baby." Draco scoffed. "Shut up!" Leah's long arm stretched out in front of Valentine and pointed Draco in the face. Then she went back to batting her lashes, now with added pouting. "Please? Pleassssse? It's Christmas, Val." "No." "Pleasssssse, Val. I'm begging you." "Yes, I've noticed." "Please. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, pl-" Valentine slapped a firm hand over Leah's mouth. "Fine, Goddamn you, fine." Valentine caved with a growl. "But you have to shut up." Leah nodded eagerly, eyes alight. "You bloody better." Valentine took her hand away. "Now, what the hell do you want to hear? If it's in the library, you're getting it." "My favourite!" Leah beamed. "Well, at least you know that one off by heart by now, eh?" Draco sniggered. "Shut it, you." Valentine elbowed him and then sighed again as she got comfortable. On either side of her, Draco and Leah did the same, munching away on the cookies. This was something they did often as children. Valentine could read all the difficult books that Draco and Leah couldn't, especially when they were younger. Valentine had always honestly enjoyed it, particularly because she was able to twist the story however she wanted, seeing as the other two were far below her reading level. Leah's favourite it is then. "Alright." Valentine cleared her throat. "Any interruptions and I'm stopping." "I'll be quiet, I swear." Leah covered her mouth with the corner of the blanket. Then Valentine began. "There were once three brothers who were travelling along a lonely, winding road at twilight. In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, these brothers were learned in the magical arts, and so they simply waved their wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure. And Death spoke to them. He was angry that he had been cheated out of three new victims, for travellers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He pretended to congratulate the three brothers upon their magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade him." "So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death. So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave it to the oldest brother." "Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that he wanted to humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave it to the second brother, and told him that the stone would have the power to bring back the dead." "And then Death asked the third and youngest brother what he would like. The youngest brother was the humblest and also the wisest of the brothers, and he did not trust Death. So he asked for something that would enable him to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility." "Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue on their way and they did so, talking with wonder of the adventure they had had, and admiring Death's gifts. In due course, the brothers separated, each for his own destination." "The first brother travelled on for a week or more and reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard with whom he had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as his weapon, he could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving his enemy dead upon the floor, the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where he boasted loudly of the powerful wand he had snatched from Death himself, and of how it made him invincible. That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as he lay, wine- sodden, upon his bed. The thief took the wand and, for good measure, slit the oldest brother's throat. And so Death took the first brother for his own." "Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his own home, where he lived alone. Here he took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead and turned it thrice in his hand. To his amazement and his delight, the figure of the girl he had once hoped to marry before her untimely death, appeared at once before him. Yet she was sad and cold, separated from him as by a veil. Though she had returned to the mortal world, she did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally, the second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed himself so as truly to join her. And so Death took the second brother for his own." "But though Death searched for the third brother for many years, he was never able to find him. It was only when he had attained a great age that the youngest brother finally took off the Cloak of Invisibility and gave it to his son. And then he greeted Death as an old friend, and went with him gladly, and, equals, they departed this life." As Valentine finished, silence filled the room. Then Leah nudged her and whispered. "Can I talk now?" "Well, it was nice while it lasted." Draco scoffed. "Go for it." Valentine rolled her eyes. "Man!" Leah beamed. "I love that story! It's like, perfectly creepy. Not too much, not too little." "Whatever you say," Draco grumbled into a cookie bitterly. "Val?" Leah spoke again. "Hmm?" "Do you suppose the story could be real?" Leah asked innocently. "Like could the brothers and the gifts really existed?" "Don't be stupid!" Draco burst into laughter. "It's just a fairy tale, Leah," Valentine said, with a dismissive shake of her head.
"Do you truly believe that a being as powerful as Voldemort would be complacent with his current position?" "Now, don't judge me too harshly. Animal taming through the art of the harp isn't exactly my speciality." "I always wanted a wife." "Do you think he really has the scar?" "He's got the Snitch! Harry Potter receives 150 points for catching the Snitch!" "You will look at me when I speak to you." "I'm getting hints of bacon, orange juice, pepper, sausage andyeah, that's definitely milk." "Perhaps it does not even know itself." "Watch your mouth, traitor. Girls have claws." "TROLL! IN THE DUNGEON! T-TROOLLL IN THE DUNGEON!" "Clean that up." "Do you...do you ever miss your parents?" "Oh, to hell with it! SLYTHERIN!" "Just because you find the lesson boring does not give you the right to take a learning opportunity away from others." "This world isn't yours to command." "Merry Christmas, Professor." "I think we're going to need another feather over here, Professor." "Sir, I don't treat anyone with respect between the hours of ten PM and eight AM." "She's a scary one." "Wait! Don't. Please, I was just coming here to protect the stone! I swear!" -- Valentine's eyes fluttered open. What was that? She frowned, rubbing at her eyes. I've never had a dream like that before. She blinked several times, waiting for her vision to focus. She let her head roll to the right. Draco and Leah were still dead asleep on the other side, trapped in a pile of their own limbs. That's what they get for being so damn tall. Valentine sighed and looked back up at the ceiling, it was morning and the dull sunlight coming in through her window painted the space above her bed with strange stretches of squares and rectangles. That dream...it was like some demented kaleidoscope of memories. Like someone cut up them up and rearranged them out of order. Well. Whatever. She pulled herself up with a groan. It was just a dream. --Pretending To Hate-- "Leah, would you play seriously for once in your life?" Draco scowled over at the girl building a house with her handful of cards. "Nope. Never." She said, the tip of her tongue sticking out in concentration. Draco grumbled some insult under his breath and looked up at Valentine, who, as always, was reading on the couch. "Why couldn't you play?" He pouted. "She might actually play properly if you did." "I'm busy," Valentine replied, not looking up from her book. "Right." "This is a library if you haven't noticed." Said Valentine. "Reading is it's intended purpose." "Yes, but you've been reading all morning." "And I intend to continue into the afternoon, so if you'd kindly shut the hell up, I can get on with it." "Draco! Draco!" Leah waved to him, pointing down at her self constructed house of cards. "Look what I made." "Yes, very nice," Draco answered drolly. "If you're mentally challenged." "Well, in that case, I'm sure you could make one with no problem," Leah said snidely. This had been Valentine's morning so far. They'd woken in her room. She and Leah always shared and this particular time Draco had fallen asleep in there with them. They didn't care that he was a boy or anything like that. They'd been sharing things like this their entire lives, after all. So, they'd woken in Valentine's room. While Leah jumped around the room, drawing patterns on the mist of Valentine's window, Valentine and Draco debated on whether or not to actually physically get out of bed at all. But Leah wanted up and that was it. They were up and dressed and down to breakfast. By then, the adults combined in had taken enough sobering potions to keep them alert for a week. Valentine was fairly certain they weren't even aware of how aware she, Draco and Leah were of this. It was actually somewhat funny watching them pretend like they hadn't been essentially blackout drunk the night before. They ate breakfast. Draco and Leah argued about what was better on toast, strawberry jam or plum. Rose and Narcissa scolded them and clearly, their hearts weren't in it so the arguing didn't stop until Leah accidentally knocked the strawberry jam jar off the table and it shattered in a globby, sticky, sharp, red mess. Then they'd spent the next hour in Valentine's room. Draco and Leah, again, argued about how to spend the day while Valentine started on a new book she'd gotten for Christmas. When Valentine decided to escape they squabbling and head down to the library to read, they simply followed. And that's what led them to sitting by the fire that morning. "Are you two still fighting?" Narcissa sighed as she and Rose entered the room. "What I wouldn't give for their energy." Said Rose. "I'll stop when Draco stops being mean to me!" Leah pointed accusingly. "Don't hold your breath!" Draco spat back. "Or better yet, do!" "I don't know how you put with it, Val." Narcissa leaned her elbows on the back of couch beside Valentine. "I don't," Valentine replied uninterestedly. "For every argument, I note one day. Each day subtracts from their natural life span and once their current age coincides with their last day, which will be drastically reduced by their arguing, I'll simply kill them both." "Excuse me?" Draco practically choked on his words. "That's some plan." Rose laughed. "Mama!" Leah whined. "Well, perhaps you two shouldn't fight so much then." Rose gave her a pointed look. "You may as well be siblings so you should at least make an attempt at getting along." "I actually did try once." Draco nodded. "Worse ten minutes of my life." "I wouldn't bother with them." Valentine sighed. "They're a lost cause, trust me." "Well, if they're so hopeless, maybe we should just let them get back to their arguing then." Said Narcissa. "It's not as though there's anything better you could be doing." Valentine's gaze narrowed and she actually looked up at her aunt for the first time since she entered the room. "What was that?" "Nothing, nothing." Narcissa waved her off nonchalantly, shooting Rose a knowing look. "It's not as like you'd be interested in getting out of the manor anyway." "Huh?" Leah blinked. "But it's freezing outside." Draco frowned. "We'd probably get frostbite and die." "Well, when they put it like that," Rose sighed. "I suppose we'll have to leave the trip for another day." "What trip?" Leah perked up like a curious dog. "Nowhere special," Narcissa said flippantly. "Awe, what?" Leah pouted. "Tell! What trip!" "Just spill before she combusts," Valentine warned Narcissa. "Oh, if I must." Narcissa sighed dramatically, then grinned. "Who wants to go to Diagon Alley?" --Pretending To Hate-- Leah's new winter coat was a ridiculous, blue ruffled thing with yellow bows and white lace. It suit her although it didn't suit Valentine in that it made them stand out so much. People were thin on the streets of Diagon Alley today. Being the day after Christmas, Valentine assumed most would be with family or sleeping in. Most out today seemed to be in a hurry, probably getting a single item before heading home. Valentine sucked in a cold breath and let it out again, watching the mist swirling in front of her face. "Oh, look!" Leah had her face pressed up against the front window of Magical Menagerie. "It's Puffskeins! Awe, they're so cute!" "As if Leah." Draco scoffed. "You could barely keep a plant alive let alone an actual pet." "Why can't you just let me be happy?" Leah glared at him sourly. "Because I delight in making you miserable." Draco quipped. "Obviously." Valentine just rolled her eyes at the both of them. "Are we going in or not?" Valentine gestured to the colourful storefront of Sugarplum's Sweets Shop. "Oh, right." Leah grinned. This was where Narcissa and Rose left them with plenty of money and strict instructions to be careful and meet them outside of the Leaky Cauldron at three PM. Valentine kept a firm eye on Draco and Leah. Although it hadn't been said in words, she was essentially in charge. Even if she wasn't, Draco and Leah could hardly be left to their own devices, so she attached them hand by hand, despite Draco's grumbling. It was the best way to keep them from straying far fromone another. Leah shoved the front door open and a bell rung out. There were several other customers inside, all children or teenagers. Leah ran straight for the biggest and brightest of the shop's selection, dragging Draco along with her. Valentine went down another aisle, keeping a mental note of where they were and comforted by the fact that she could have heard the two clear across the store if need be. Valentine scanned the row of Fizzing Whizbees and the Toothflossing Stringmints beneath them with mild interest. She didn't have the beastly sweet tooth of Leah or Blaze but she liked them just fine. "Oi, don't hog all the Liquorice Wands!" Valentine's attention was caught by several young voices giggling in the aisle to her right. "I'll stop if you share some of your Pumpkin Pasties." "But that's not fair! I can spend my Christmas money however I want!" "Well, then you can't tell me what not to hog when you are in fact, the biggest hog I've ever meet." Valentine heard more laughter and pig-like snorts. Then the children exited the aisle and passed her, followed by a tired-looking older man. Of course. They're seven-year-olds at the most and yet their arguing is practically indistinguishable from Draco and Leah, and Blaze too for that matter. And why I'm I relating to an exhausted, middle-aged man? Valentine pulled her eyes away before she could be caught staring at young children like a bloody weirdo and continued further into the store. She lifted a box of Exploding Bonbons off the shelf and for a moment pondered the fun she could have had if she'd been born a Weasley. This led to her thinking about that particular prank again, the one that had left Snape covered and bright orange and quickly hardened goo. She bit back a laugh. She surely wasn't going to forget that anytime soon. "Val. Val!" Then Draco was shaking her arm fervently. "What is it?" She snapped, putting the bag back. She turned to look at him with an arched brow and noticed Leah wasn't with him. "Where's Leah?" "That's what I'm telling to tell you." Draco bit his lip, worry glimmering in his pale eyes. "I don't even know how she got away from me! One minute she was there then she wasn't. I've searched the whole store and I can't find her." "Bloody hell." Valentine groaned, rubbing her eyes in exasperation. Now I understand why I related to a tired, middle-aged man. "Val, what do we do?" Draco hissed. "She's so stupid and naive. What if she went off with some creep? What if she followed a butterfly or something stupid like that and got herself kidnapped?" "Draco." Valentine groaned again. "Calm the hell down. I doubt Leah's been kidnapped." "But how can you be sure?" Draco pulled a hand back through his hair, musing it's usual perfect form. "What if someone found out that she's from the rich family and wants to hold her for ransom?" "Or," Valentine gave him a steady look. "Leah decided to give you the slip while you were distracted and went to look in that bloody pet shop next door." Draco blinked. "Oh." "Your welcome." "I didn't think of that..." "I know." Valentine sighed and pushed past him. Draco rushed after her. "Well, I'm sure she's fine then." Draco cleared his voice. "But you should tell her not to do that again. Tag on a little threat so she gets the message." "Oh, I intend to." Valentine all but kicked the door open. And when she kicked that door open, it swung wide and smacked someone trying to enter the store right in the face, ricocheting off their head. Crap. Well, that's got to hurt. The door clambered shut behind Valentine and Draco with a loud slam. "Ouch! What is wrong with you, you bastard? Bloody hell, that hurt! I think my face is broken!" Then it was Valentine's turn to blink because she recognised the boy with the neatly cropped hair, holding his face in pain and the taller boy standing behind him looking completely bewildered. "Are you alright?" Liam asked, turning Blaze towards him to look at the damage. "Am I bleeding? I feel like I'm bleeding. It's probably brain fluid." Blaze sent her a cold glare before he could see who she was. "Are you stupid? You could have..." "Yes, Blaze?" Valentine pursed her lips expectantly. Immediately all of his anger evaporated. "Awe, man." Blaze sagged, rubbing at his forehead that was quickly forming a lump and was indeed, bleeding a little. "Val." Liam seemed to finally be able to speak. "Draco." "Liam." Valentine nodded in return. There was a moment of silence where the four simply stared at one another. That was until Draco spoke. "Wow. Leah sure chose the worse time to disappear because she would have loved that." "You're kidding me?" Blaze grumbled. "She's here too?" "No, we left her chained up in the backyard." Valentine snorted. Blaze touched his forehead tenderly and felt the small trickle of blood. "I think I lost all my remaining brain cells." Then the front door to Magical Menagerie flew open and Leah stood out into the street, ridiculous coat and all. "No, look." Said Draco. "There it is." She didn't seem to notice them at first, she tilted her face towards the sky and inhaled a deep breath. Then she lowered her chin and whispered to herself; "I smell the blood of a well-deserved suffering." "Huh?" Was Liam's intelligent response. Leah's head snapped over to them and her eyes immediately lit up. "Boys!" She sprinted towards them like a charging bull and before they could even consider fleeing for their lives, she threw herself at them, a long arm around each neck. They went down in a tangled pile with a long screech from Blaze. "I missed you guys! Mostly you Liam but yeah, I guess Blaze too!" Leah grinned at the mess of limbs that she was responsible for. "You could have told us that without taking us out!" Liam hissed. "But I was just so excited!" "Your not a dog, Leah." Liam pushed her off him. "And now I'm covered in snow. Great." "I'm sorry." Leah pouted, giving her lap a pensive stare. "I just missed you." Liam gave a long strangled sigh. "Come on." He offered her a hand. "I don't think Blaze can breathe with your foot in his windpipe like that." "Oh!" Leah took his hand and quickly jumped up. "I totally forgot he was even here." Blaze sucked in a breath of cold air, face twisted into a pained grimace. "I don't know..." He wheezed. "who I killed in another life...but I do not deserve this." "No, you definitely did." Leah nodded decisively. "I smelt it." "I think I may have died...and gone to hell..." Blaze seemed truly disoriented. "That's the only explanation...yeah...and Leah's the devil..." "I think he may have hit his head." Said Valentine. "Again." Draco tacked on. "Help him up." Valentine sighed, shoved Draco towards him. Draco and Liam hefted Blaze to his feet and Leah stepped right up to his face. "This is all a dream." She waved her fingers about with wide eyes. "When you wake up, you will resume your life as a garden gnome." "Stop that." Valentine slapped her arm and pushed her away. Valentine grabbed Blaze's chin in one hand and tilted his face towards her. "Now. Are you actually injured or are these just your typical dramatics?" "My head..." Blaze blinked blearily. "...really hurts. Am I still bleeding?" "We should probably go sit down somewhere," Liam suggested, checking out Blaze's newest lump forming on the back of his head. "There's a cafe down the end of this street." Draco gestured with his head. "Let's go them." Valentine led them. As they walked she scolded Leah for disappearing like she did. Even if she wasn't likely to be kidnapped and held for ransom and even if it wasn't helpful for Draco to jump to the first case scenario, it still wasn't safe for her to just run off on her own like that. They headed inside the cafe that had been right where Draco said it would be. Inside, it was warm and homey, decorated with holly branches and tinsel. A good number of the tables were taken but it was still far from crowded and they quickly moved to grab one at the back. "Oh, look at that. I'm starting to get the feeling back in my toes." Liam brushed snow from his hair and peeled off his jacket, folding it in his lap. A man came and took their order of five hot chocolates while Liam cleaned off Blaze's forehead with a napkin. By now, Blaze had come around a bit and was more or less himself again. "You." He stabbed an accusatory finger in Leah's direction. "You are so dead when my head stops throbbing." "I didn't do that!" Leah objected. "You only hit the back of your head when you fell!" "Yeah, but Valentine did the front half and I can hardly beat her up." "Eh, fair point." Leah conceded. "I think you'll live." Liam apprised. "But if you start getting dizzy then you should probably see someone who actually knows what they're doing." "Or if your vision starts going blurry." Added Valentine offhandedly. "Or you start getting nauseous or sensitive to light or start losing your memories. And, you know, if you go to sleep and don't wake up." "Awe, man." Blaze probed at his two matching bumps. "If I got brain damage because of this my mum isgoing to flip out." "You need a brain to damage in the first place." Leah stuck her tongue out at him. "Ugh." Blaze took Liam's jacket to use as a pillow on the tabletop. "I'll fight you once the room stops spinning." The man returned with their hot chocolates and Leah was quickly silenced. "So, didn't expect to run into you guys." Said Liam. "Or, you know, for Blaze to run into a door." "It was a last-minute trip." Explained Draco. "We were actually going to invite you guys but we weren't sure if your families wanted you home for Christmas and stuff." Liam nodded. "And we thought it would be a good opportunity to get you guys presents so we could give them to you when we got back to school." "Well, we might as well do it today then." Draco shrugged. "Since we're literally all here by chance." "Not all of us." Leah suddenly looked deeply troubled. Or at least she would have if she wasn't sporting a thick, frothy moustache. "You'll live." Valentine tossed a napkin at her. "Hey, Val, you bump your head as well?" Valentine turned to see Liam pointing at her still fresh scar, bright pink and half-hidden by her hair. Narcissa had insisted that with the treatment she'd received, it would fade much quicker, but Valentine had better things to think about. "I fell." "You..fell." "That's what I said, isn't it?" Liam shut his mouth, taking the hint and giving Draco a look. The other boy just shrugged. --Pretending To Hate-- After they finished their hot chocolates, they stopped in at a nearby apothecary to grab something for Blaze's headache and then decided to start the hunt for each other's Christmas presents. And this time, Leah would have four people making sure she didn't runoff. They went back to Sugarplums first so they could actually purchase what they wanted before heading down the row of shops, one at a time. They went into Madam Malkin's and looked around, frustrating Madam Malkin herself by their 'just browsing' attitude. Then Leah spotted a white velvet cloak, embroidered with golden stars and paraded about in it for twenty minutes before actually buying it to Madam Malkin's relief. Not that Leah had much choice when she got her sticky, chocolate-covered fingers on it as a result of their trip to Sugarplums. After, they went into a broom store to appease the boys. They had their eyes on the newest broom but knew they couldn't afford it with what money they had. Draco announced that he was going to ask his father about it the first second he could. What better way to show up Harry's Nimbus 2000 than with a Nimbus 2001 and one? The next stop was Whizz Hard Books. Valentine had prepared herself for a whole world of moaning and groaning as she was the only avid reader of the group but the others seemed to be legitimately looking through the stores' contents. Then when Liam and Blaze snuck off to purchase something alone, Valentine realised that she'd probably be ending up with whatever they bought as her Christmas gift. It wasn't difficult to tell that she was obviously fond of books, but she wondered what kind they had selected. The eighth shop they entered that day was Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop where Leah and Blaze practically drooled over the wares. When Valentine saw the look in Leah's eyes as she gazed upon an entire crate of Dr Filibuster's Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, she immediately started steering the girl towards the day until she promised not to even think about it. Leah Lovat was explosive enough without mixing actual gun powder and fire into the pot of her insanity. The boys, however, Valentine let buy whatever they want. She found it amusing how excited they got considering how they treated the Weasley twins in regards to their passion for such things, yet went completely juvenile in the same position. Blaze in particular bought enough Dungbombs to rid a small country of fresh air. The last place they clambered into was Cranville Quincey's Magical Junkshop and the one Valentine found the most interesting, besides Whizz Hard Books naturally. It was also one of her last options to find Liam and Blaze Christmas gifts as nothing had caught her eye anywhere else, nothing that seemed to truly fit them. And, of course, there was the glaring issue; what do you get rich children who have virtually everything? So, Valentine left Liam on Leah duty wandered off alone. The store was deceptively large on the inside and stretched up to the second floor. She had never seen such a random assortment of items before. They were lamps and children's toys, clothing and painted potion bottles, books and one entire wall covered with clocks of every fashion. There was so much to take in by Valentine's eyes were keen and sharp. Then she spotted Liam's gift. At first, it was only the box that had caught her eye. It was a small, long, rectangular case, bronze and engraved with filigreeletter that Valentine thought looked to be Russian although she couldn't be certain. She opened it and inside sat a comb, the same bronze as the case, handle etched with a fine floral pattern. She thought about Liam's hair and how he obviously spent more time on it in the morning then he would admit to. Valentine couldn't pretend to know any more about hair then she did Russian or whatever language might have been engraved on the case. Her hair was in a permanent state of defiance but Liam's seems rather complacent. Or at least he made it look that way. It suits him, she had decided almost automatically. It took much longer to find Blaze's gift then it had Liam's. Valentine searched, digging through boxes and barrels of strange objects. Every now and then she would find a possible gift, squint at it for a moment and then decide otherwise. What did she know about Blaze Zambini? He liked Quidditch just as much as Draco and Liam. He liked to pick on Leah's every breath. He liked to be just as dramatic as she was and pretend like she was the only one who was a few aces short of a deck. He liked to laugh and find the amusement in anything he could. Valentine stood with a sigh, planting a hand on either hip. There had to be something for him. Then she saw it. Floating in a jar. She smiled and thought, this will do. --Pretending To Hate-- Once everyone had completed their Christmas shopping, they headed back to the cafe to warm up and exchange their gifts. "We return!" Leah threw the door open. There were fewer people inside than earlier and each fell silent to stare at her in confusion. This was one of those subtle universal reminders that the world was not equip to handle Leah's general behaviour. Draco promptly slapped her up the side of the head, took Valentine's bags from her arms and dragged Leah off to go find them all a table. Valentine, Blaze and Liam stepped up to the front counter to order the cake that Leah and Blaze had been going on and on about the entire way back. Apparently, Leah had found an old painting of a birthday cake in the junk shop and hadn't been able to stop thinking about baked goods since. Then from the second, she had announced this, Blaze was just as bad. "How can I help you, kids?" The man behind the counter was the same that had served them earlier that day. "We were wondering what your cake options are?" Asked Liam. "Ah," The man smiled, grabbing a piece of parchment from somewhere they couldn't see. "We have, chocolate, double chocolate, chocolate caramel, chocolate cheesecake, strawberry cheesecake, cherry cheesecake, vanilla, vanilla chocolate, vanilla strawberry, red velvet, lemon cake, carrot cake, fruit cake-" "Three slices of double chocolate." Valentine cut in in fear that the list could go on forever. "And?" Valentine prompted Liam and Blaze with a stern glare. "Uh, lemon cake, please." Liam decided quickly. "And, uh, strawberry cheesecake?" Said Blaze, phrasing it as if it was more of a question then a request. "Will that be all?" Said the man, now pointedly avoiding Valentine's sharp gaze. "Yes," Valentine said, turning on her heel and heading over to where Draco and Leah sat near the large storefront window. She heard Liam and Blaze scramble after her. She sat beside Draco who was watching Leah breathe on the windowpane and draw pictures in the steam with a bored expression. "We'll need to get going in about an hour." Said Valentine, motioning to a clock hanging over the front counter. "Awe, what!" Leah's attention was immediately pulled. "But we practically just got here!" "You know we have a time limit. It's not my fault you don't keep track." Valentine scoffed. Liam and Blaze slid into the seats across from them. "So, presents?" Liam asked with a grin. "Presents!" Leah leapt up out of her chair. "Leah, sit down!" Draco pulled her down by her elbow. "Let me be joyous and merry, would you?" She poked him hard in the ribs. "Sure, when it isn't at the expense of my eardrums." "How about Leah's gifts go first then?" Liam laughed. "I second that!" Leah cheered in agreement. Liam and Blaze riffled through their things for a moment before each pulling out an item. Liam's was a medium-sized purple box, branded with a company's logo. "Ohhhhhh." Leah stared at it wide-eyed as Liam pushed it towards her. "Merry Christmas, Leah." "Heck yeah, it is!" She grabbed the box and tore off the lid excitedly. "Oh, my, gosh!" Leah slid her hands inside and carefully pulled out a large snow globe. Inside was a tiny town with tiny buildings and tiny lamp posts. Impossibly small people skated around on a tiny frozen lake and Leah tipped the globe upside down and right side up again, the snow inside flurried and swirled around. Well, that's not going to last long in one piece. "It's so cute!" Leah's eyes glowed giddily. "Thank you!" "Your welcome." Liam smiled. "Me next then." Said Blaze as he slapped a book down on to the tabletop and pushed it towards her. "Merry Christmas." Leah kissed the surface of her new snow globe carefully and placed it back in its box. She then picked up the book and read the title out loud. "A Trustworthy Guide; Strengthening a Witch or Wizards Attention Span..." They all turned to stare at Blaze. This was a joke too blatant to go over even Leah's head. "Well, you went there." Said Liam. He sure did. "As funny as this is," Said Draco, throwing Leah a side glance. "I do currently fear for my life." "Hey, Val?" "Yes, Leah?" "If I set Blaze on fire, how much trouble would I get in?" "Considering the fact that the whole building would probably end up burned to the ground as well, quite a bit. Your family has enough power to render practically all consequences null and void, but you would certainly be pushing your luck." "Oh, alright." Leah nodded calmly. "Guess another lump is going to have to do then." Leah grabbed the box with the snow globe and shot up out of her seat, holding it up high. "Leah, don't!" Liam stood to try and grab the box off her. "Just let me kill him!" Leah growled, struggling to keep the box from Liam's reach. Now, Leah was one of the tallest students in their year, but Liam still had an entire two inches on her. From Valentine's point of view, it looked like two giants fighting over a served head. "Well, done mate." Draco glared at Blaze. "Oh, come on!" Blaze laughed nervously. "It's funny!" "I'll show you funny, jerk!" Leah snarled at him. "Sit down before you break something." Draco hissed. "Um, is there a problem here?" Leah and Liam froze mid squabble. A woman blinked in confusion, carrying a slice of cake in each hand, three more hoovering at her side. "Nope." Liam saw his chance and yanked the box from Leah's hands. "You can have this back when you promise not to kill anyone with it." "We're fine," Valentine told the woman. "Ah, alright then." The women eyed Leah nervously for a moment before setting the plates down. "Will that-" "That's everything." Valentine cut her off. "Oh." The woman blinked again and gave a weak, somewhat irritated smile. "Well, just call out if you need anything." She turned and hurried off, probably eager to get away from a table of apparent weirdos. "Can we limit the murder, please?" Draco gave both Blaze and Leah pointed glares. "She's the one who went all spaz!" Blaze objected. "But he's the one who made me go all spaz!" Leah shot back. "It was funny!" Blaze insisted. "No, it was just mean!" "Well, if it's so mean then I guess you don't want your other present!" "Other present?" Leah immediately perked up. "Nah, I don't think you want it." "Don't be a butt!" "Maybe I should just keep it for myself." "Blaze." Valentine snapped at him. "Could you stop winding her up? I have to take that with me when I leave." "Right. Sorry." Blaze chuckled awkwardly and stuck a hand under his chair. He pulled out a large bag of Salt Water Taffy and slapped it down into the table. "Merry Christmas for real this time." "Are they poisoned?" Leah pursed her lips in suspicion. "Sadly not." Leah's expression finally softened, she shrugged and greedily reached for the candy. "Then thanks for your offering!" Draco leaned into Valentine and whispered; "One day we're going to have to explain to her that she isn't a god." Dibs not it. "I exempt myself from that position." "Ohhhhh!" Leah squealing again, eyes staring hungrily down at her slice of cake. "I forgot all about you in my pursuit of righteous justice!" "Well, since Leah's done we might as well do ladies first." Said Liam. Both he and Blaze placed a book each on the table. "Merry Christmas." Liam gave her a pleasant smile. "Please don't rearrange my face with another door if you don't like it." Said Blaze. "That was an accident." Valentine rolled her eyes. "If it had been on purpose you wouldn't be conscious right now." "Good to know." Blaze touched his forehead subconsciously. Valentine picked up his book first. It was hardcover, bound in dark red leather with gold lettering that glinted in the light from the window. "I made kind of a wild guess." Said Blaze. "I realized I actually have no idea what type of books you're always reading." The title read 'Labyrinth'. "I'll let you know how it goes." Said Valentine. "Thank you." "No problem." Blaze smiled, reaching for his cheesecake that he could now eat without fear of being murdered. "I hope you like it." Said Liam as she picked up his next. This book was much larger and heavier then Blaze's, taking on a square shape. It was also hardcover but this time in a charcoal grey material embossed with a picture of a Grindylow brandishing a triton. "It's about magical sea creatures." Said Liam. "Pretty advanced as well. I could barely understand half the words in the first sentence so I figured it would be perfect for you." "I'm sure it will be." Valentine snorted. "Thank you." "Who's next then?" Asked Draco. "I want to get this over with." Said Valentine grabbing her bag from its places under the table. Both Liam and Blaze sat at attention, Blaze even placing his fork down. She gave Liam his gift first. "Pretty," Leah commented through a mouthful of cake. "Yeah, wow." Liam picked it up carefully. He noticed the seam and got it open. He stared at it for a moment before laughing. "Thanks, it's great. Just what I need." "What is it?" Leah leaned over the table. "Let me see!" "It's a comb." Said Blaze and he and Draco shared a look. "Perfect," Draco snorted. "Now, he can take twice as long getting ready with his pretty comb." "Oi." Liam frowned. "You take just as long Mr Slicked-Back-Fifty-Tons-Of-Gel." "At least I admit to it!" Draco shot back. Liam rolled his eyes. He couldn't argue with that. "Me next," Blaze said happily. Valentine suppressed a smirk as she dugout Blaze's gift. It was fairly heavy and she lifted it carefully from the bag. She set it down gently in front of Blaze with a completely straight face. Everyone looked decently confused and somewhat disturbed. It was a brain in a jar, floating a slightly murky liquid. The label on the base simply read '1892-1949'. Valentine wore the barest hint of a smile as she said; "You seemed pretty worried about the state of your brain today so I got you another just in case." Blaze gapped at the brain, eyes wide. "Bloody hell." Liam breathed out. "Did you..." Blaze swallowed. "Is that a joke? You got me a gag gift for Christmas?" Ah. Maybe this isn't as funny as I anticipated. Blaze looked from Valentine to the brain and to Valentine again. "That's freaking hilarious!" A huge smile broke up across his face. He poked at the jar. "Valentine Lestrange made an actual joke that didn't involve injuring anyone! Christmas miracles do exist!" Nevermind. I'm awesome. Soon enough, Liam, Draco and Leah were all laughing as well. "I can't believe...you got him an...actual brain, this is priceless." Liam could barely talk through his own gasps for laughter. "Oh, I believe it." Draco shook his head at her with a grin. "Only you Val." --Pretending To Hate-- They were a little late meeting Narcissa and Rose at three, but only because Leah wanted to say goodbye to the Puffskeins from Magical Menagerie which took her much longer than reasonable. The others had clearly had their fair share of the frigid weather and now it was snowing lightly. Leah, Blaze and Liam were huddled together under Leah's new cloak as they walked, doing whatever they could to generate the warmth to keep moving. Valentine and Draco were much more acclimated to the cold weather but even Valentine, who typically preferred it cold rather than warm was feeling the sting on her cheeks. It painted her and Draco's face's in particular red due to their natural pallor. Valentine's fingertips may have been numb but it didn't bother her. Today had been a good day. Meeting Liam and Blaze had been completely unexpected. They hadn't planned to see each other again until term resumed but then there was Blaze getting a door to the face quite literally out of nowhere. Draco had been too distracted to spend much time complaining about Harry and Leah was certainly tired out. Valentine could tell by the fact that the girl hadn't screamed for skipped more than two feet in the last half hour. Liam and Blaze seemed satisfied as well, now loaded with mostly sweets as apparently, that's what all three boys purchased for each other. Whatever makes them happy, I suppose. If Valentine was honest, she didn't want it to end. Her feet ached and her head was starting to look like a cloud from the falling snow but she was happy. She knew this feeling of being completely, one hundred per cent comfortable would disappear once they returned to the manor. It would melt away like the snow in the spring and that would be it. It's life. It's unavoidable. Even if it had to end, it would become a memory and her's had always been extremely sharp. They saw Narcissa and Rose in the distance, standing under the overhanging of a store near Gringotts. "Oh, dear." Narcissa frowned. "They appeared to have multiplied." "You must be Mr's Malfoy." Liam greeted with a polite smile. "I'm Liam Highcourt, it's nice to meet you." "Nice to meet you, as well." Narcissa smiled in return. "And this is...?" "Blaze Zambini, ma'am." "Yes, I've heard plenty about the two of you." Narcissa gave a dignified chuckle. "And you must be Mrs Lovat." Liam turned to the other woman. "Yes." Rose tucked a strand of golden hair behind her ear."Well, did you children enjoy yourselves?" "Val bought Blaze a new brain for Christmas because he accidentally broke the one he already had." Leah grinned. "Ah..." Narcissa and Rose exchanged confused expressions. "It was funny." Said Valentine. "Alright then." Said Narcissa, clearly somewhat unsure.
