Hello everyone, Back again, this time with a different story, one that I am pretty excited about. It dug itself into my brain and wouldn't leave, so I put it on paper. Stronghammer will still be updated weekly so don't worry about that. I don't plan on putting this on a schedule just yet, not until I get sufficiently ahead at least. As always there will be an authors note at the bottom so don't skip it. Disclaimer: I own nothing, literally nothing. Everyone in the great hall sat wide-eyed and slack-jawed as the Goblet of Fire spit out a fourth piece of parchment. Dumbledore plucked it out of the air, and at the same time, Ronald Billius Weasley had twenty-four years worth of memories shoved into his brain. "Harry Potter." Dumbledore said reading the name on the paper. The hall quieted immediately and all eyes were trained on the boy-who-lived. No one noticed the red-head who sat beside him with his head down. If they were able to see they would notice that only the white of his eyes were showing. The rare few who could sense magic would have felt a dramatic spike in the direction of Harry Potter, the sort that normally resulted in accidental magic. They would toss it up to his reaction at hearing his name coming out of the Goblet of Fire, not knowing that it was actually the person to his right that was the cause of the chaotic magic. I didn't snap out of my trance until Harry was already walking to join the other champions. If anyone would have paid attention they would have noticed a look of recognition followed by a myriad of emotions ranging from horror to excitement on my face. I tried to think about what just happened and found it hard to grasp. I just merged? with another person from a completely different universe, or maybe dimension would be a better description. My name is Ron Billius Weasley, but I have gone by another, in another life. I can't remember my name. My brain supplied after trying to remember for a few seconds. I can remember almost everything else, my sense of self, my personality, the faces of family and friends, grade school, college, adult life, love, loss, a whole other life of memories. But no names, only feelings, it was ...frustrating. I was brought out of my self reflection by everyone getting up from their seats and heading towards the door. "Can you believe the git?" "How did he do it?" "Glory hog." Everyone seemed to be talking about Harry's name coming out of the cup. "How do you think he did it?" I heard next to me as I was walking. Hermione. "You think he did?" I answered almost immediately. Her face scrunched up, obviously not considering the possibility that he hadn't. "You don't think he did?" She asked finally. "No I don't. The age line was drawn by Dumbledore himself." I said in response. "Then how did his name come out of the cup?" She supplied immediately giving me a 'if you know so much' look and tone. "Maybe someone tricked the Goblet into choose him as a fourth school, that seems the likeliest. The question isn't if he put his name in or not, the question is who would have wanted him to be chosen." I responded. Hermione looked at me as if I had grown a second head. Oops I forgot to act like a bull headed idiot. I thought. Oh well, too late now. "Voldemort." "Amongst others." I said as years of fanfiction and Dumbledore bashing influenced my thought process. Walking into the Gryffindor common room marked the end of the conversation as she went to gossip with the other girls in the house, no doubt to get others opinions. I found a nice quiet corner to think but it didn't last long because soon enough the man of the hour walked in and everyone screamed in celebration. When did everyone get butterbeer? I thought as everyone started partying, I even noticed glasses of firewhiskey in some of the older students hands, the twins included. Harry walked around for a little and managed the questions about as normal as you would expect. Eventually he found me sitting alone at the top of the stairs people watching and approached. He didn't say anything as he sat next to me and completely blocked the way if anyone wanted to use the stairs. He didn't say anything, so I decided to start. "Everyone thinks you did it. They celebrate but not for you I don't think." "I didn't do it!" He snapped. I didn't respond for a moment, instead I decided to finally meet his eyes and said. "I know." He visibly sagged at that, obviously relieved that someone believed him. We sat there for a moment before I realized we had some essays that were due soon. I won't procrastinate in this life, not again. I thought as I remembered my past education. I'm not sure anyone from my old world would when it involves magic. "Want to go work on our essay's?" I asked completely serious. He laughed at first until he saw my face. "You're sirous?" It was my turn to smile. "No I'm Ron." That was the start of his laughing fit that didn't end for a few minutes. It was obvious that he released a lot of the pent up stress from the night. "Sure, I need help on the transfiguration anyway." The night ended and we caught up on all of our assignments. I woke up the next day to the sound of Harry moaning something in his sleep while tossing and turning. Without thinking and half-asleep I grabbed my wand and cast a quick 'tempus', it was 6:45 in the morning. It was barely registered as I sat up completely alert with a couple of revelations. The first was the realization that I could use magic and did it so casually. The second was that casting the spell barely worked, it felt like I had to force my magic through the wand. The usual feeling of warmth that accompanies grabbing a compatible wand wasn't there, instead it felt ...cold. The 'merge'. I thought to myself as I realized what had happened. My magic went through a drastic change, enough of a change to make my personality, soul, mind, everything incompatible with my wand. Well that will have to be remedied. Oh wait I'm poor ...I could ask Harry for the money, no. The Room of Requirement might have some loose change laying around, hopefully at least seven galleons. All of this went through my head as I started getting dressed and going through his normal routine. Unfortunately today was a Tuesday, the 1st of November, and they still had classes, History of Magic in the morning and Potions in the evening. Maybe McGonagall will let me dip off to Diagon Alley before classes start, or maybe during break? First I need money. At the last thought he grabbed his books needed for the lessons that day and headed to the Room of Requirement to see if he could scrounge up some money. I didn't even bother being stealthy, instead deciding to run up the stairs to the seventh floor, luckily the changing stairs took pity on me and I didn't have to wait that much. Ok, it's in the left corridor right? And then across a portrait of trolls or something. Soon enough I saw the painting of Barnabus the Barmy trying to teach trolls ballet. I turned around and saw the blank wall where I knew the room would appear at. Pace three times, picture clearly what you want, aaannnddd score! The door melted out of the wall as my needs were recognized and I rushed inside. As I entered the room, I realized I was inside of a typical muggle vault and on a raised pedestal in the middle of the vault sat around 5 different pouches that no doubt held what I was looking for. I approached and realized that these were a type of moleskin pouch designed specifically for holding currency. I grabbed the one in the middle and poured it out. Isn't this supposed to be keyed into a wizards magic? Oh the enchantments have worn off. These pouches had obviously been lost at least a decade ago, as that was when enchantments normally started failing on cloth. Luckily the space enlargement charm lasts much longer, otherwise these may have been lost for good. The galleons seemed to keep falling and falling, there were no doubt fifty galleons coming out already. Soon it stopped and instead of counting I decided to pour out the rest of the pouches. I can't believe my luck. I thought as I finished counting out the galleons. 302 Galleons, No more no less. Enough to afford school supplies and robes for the last few years of school if I stretched it out. Grabbing one of the pouches that looked the newest I deposited my stash into it, put it in a pocket in my robes that was specifically for money, and ran out the door and back down the stairs. It was 7:22 when I ran into the great hall and the students would be getting ready soon and heading down to breakfast soon. I found my target and ran straight up to her. "Professor can I speak to you for a moment." I said taking in gulps of air. "Mr. Weasley, how can I help you?" She responded looking me up and down suspiciously. We walked away from the professor's table before I answered so I could have some privacy. "I must have damaged my wand last night or something because it isn't working properly, I was wondering if you would let me use your floo to run to Diagon Alley before classes began." I asked sincerely as possible while also lying to her. "We are not allowed to just let students leave Hogwarts grounds Mr. Weasley, you should know this by now." I visibly deflated at this. "We can however, contact your parents and they can sign you out of class and take you." My face paled. "No!" She looked at me sharply then. I continued before she could speak. "It's just that I don't want to bother them with this, you know that we're uhhh.." I looked around to make a show of it before leaning in mumbling. "...poor." I paused a second and I could see her eyes soften, then I continued. "And I kind of asked Harry for his help you see…and father wouldn't be happy about that." I said as I released eye contact and looked down to the ground like a scolded child. There was silence for a good five minutes and I had yet to look up at her, whoever spoke first lost and I could tell she was having an internal battle. "I can not let you go to Diagon Alley." She said finally. "Alone." and continued dramatically. I know she only did that to see the expression on my face go from disappointment to joy. "Go get a quick bite to eat Mr. Weasley, I have classes this morning, but I can make arrangements to have you accompanied." "Yes mam. Thank you so much." I said as I rushed off to the Gryffindor table and wolfed down a quick plate of sausage, eggs, bacon, and potatoes. I was done in less than five minutes. I walked over to the professors table again. "Mr. Weasley, I have called in a favor from Professor Snape, he will accompany you to Diagon Alley. I trust you will be respectful." She told me as I approached. "Yes mam. Thank you professor." I said respectfully to Snape. The entire table turned to look at me, most of their jaws were on the ground at my respectfulness towards him. Was I that bad? Stupid teenagers and their problems with authority. He didn't say anything, instead his eyes bore into mine. He turned around and started walking abruptly. "Follow me." I did as I was told and eventually I noticed the direction we were traveling, the dungeons. We continued on in silence and neither of us seemed to want to break it. We walked through a doorway that leads to a study with a fireplace on one end. Two doors led to other sections of her quarters but they weren't visible from where he stood. "I assume you know how to use the floo?" I nodded in response. "Good." I didn't waste anymore time and grabbed a handful of the floor powder and enunciated clearly. "Diagon Alley." I remember to keep my body relaxed and to just continue walking. My foot found the floor of the alley and I stepped out of the green fire dusting off some of the soot. Snape was right behind me and we immediately set out, determined to make the trip faster. The alley was almost deserted, only workers and owners of the various shops could be seen setting up and getting ready for the day. Finally we arrived at the wandmakers shop, I tried to open it but it was locked. Not open yet. Luckily we could see Ollivandor moving around behind the counter and he waved wand and the distinct sound of unlocking hit my ears. I tried again and the door gave way. "I have some errands to run, I will meet you back here when I am done." The professor stated as I walked in. I was met with the smell of wand oil and fresh cut wood, along with a fair bit of pine. The shop was just as described in the books and I couldn't help but look around smiling at the shelves full of boxes that no doubt held wands in them. "Ron Weasley, 14" Willow and Unicorn hair, slightly rigid. Brand new at the time of purchase no more than two years ago." Ollivander said as he took in my appearance. "And now it is apparently incompatible with me." I answered trying to hurry the process along. "Ah, that would be interesting. Could you show me?" He asked. I did as I was told and drew my wand out of my robes, once again the distant and cold feeling emanated from it, no sparks, no warmth, nothing. "Hmmm very peculiar, may I?" I handed him the wand for inspection and he took it from me, took one look at it and confirmed. "Yes yes, this wand doesn't seem to like you at all. A complete mismatch, I will not pry Mr. Weasley but something must have happened. You need a new wand." No shit Sherlock. I said slightly hurt that the wand was acting that way. He wasted no time in going about his normal routine and started grabbing boxes from the shelves. Eventually he returned and started handing me wands. "Here, here. Ebony and Unicorn tail." As soon as I touched the wand I could tell it wasn't for me, I didn't even bother casting a spell before I handed it back. "No, no. Maybe this one.." he muttered in response. It continued this way for a good while before finally he pulled one off that looked finely made. It was a light colored wood with a raised handle and a straight shaft shooting out of it. The handle had some black aesthetic rings etched into it, the shaft had an obviously etched black line swirling around the wand until it reached the tip. It was a beautifully crafted wand. The moment it made contact with my skin, something within me sang. It felt infinitely more compatible than my other wand ever did. My magic seemed to click and fall into place. "Blackthorn and Phoenix feather 14", very supple. A particularly fine-tuned and sentient wand wood coupled with the most picky of cores." Olivander said as he looked me up and down, no doubt gaining insight into my personality through the wand. "A powerful and versatile wand, you'll find that the wand won't truly bond to you until you pass through some hardship with it... Very interesting Mr. Weasley. Normally that would be 7 galleons, but since you have returned this one in such good shape, I will allow an exchange." "Actually I was hoping I could keep it as a spare." I said digesting the information about my new wand. I was very tempted to ask him more about the wand but instead I pulled out 7 galleons and paid him. He handed me both of my wands and I turned to walk out but then remembered something important. "Do you have any wand holsters?" I said facing him again. A grin split his face. "Yes, dragon skin I presume?" He continued at my nod. "I need two." "Another 8 galleons. This particular holster will fit itself to your wrist, hold it out for me." He motioned me as he returned with the holsters. "It also has two wand slots in the one holster. I assume this other one is a gift?" At my nod he continued. "Repeat the process for whoever this one is for." I did as I was told and he dropped it onto my arm. It gripped my forearm fairly tight and then there was a crawling sensation as it adjusted and found it's rightful place on my wrist. He then showed me how to sheathe the wands and call them into my hand, it will take practice to make the process faster. "I feel as if I need to warn you Mr. Weasley. That wand still has the trace." "Thank you Mr. Ollivander." I'll have to find out a way to fix that. I thought as I turned around and walked out of the shop. Professor Snape was waiting for me outside. "If we hurry, you can make it back before class." He was right, I ran into the classroom as soon as the lesson began. Snape didn't see any reason to give me a note so I had to run. The day went by extremely slow and he had all of his assignments completed by the end of the class and Potions didn't even have an assignment. Fucking useless class, bloody uselss class? Whatever, same thing, stupid dialects. I thought thinking about how boring History of Magic is. Hermione was, no doubt, in the library doing her work while Harry and me headed back to the common room. It would take her a few hours to perfect her work and then she would prep for the next day. I had other plans for the afternoon but first I had to give Harry his present. He sat down to begin his assignments as I walked up to him. "Hold out your arm for me." "What?" He eloquently responded. "Your arm. Hold it out." I repeated. He finally did as I said and I pulled out the wand holster that I bought from Ollivanders. I pulled his sleeve back and dropped it onto his arm, where it adjusted to fit him. "What is this?" He asked. "It's a wand holster, mainly used in dueling tournaments and by Auror's. Makes easy access for your wand." I flicked my wrist as I finished and my wand found its way into my hand, faster than he could track. "Wicked." "Blackthorn wands are a very unusual wand, almost as rare as yew you see. In my experience, warriors bond with the wood more often than not. It is most peculiar that the wand will never truly bond with the wizard it has chosen unless they have passed through some hardship together, Auror's will tell me it's their first successful raid. Dueling champions say its after their first title, ordinary wizards or witches ...well typically after taking a life in a duel to the death. Some argue that if you stray from hardship and you own a blackthorn wand, it will arrange hardship for you, a warning for the owners of such powerful wands." Wand Lore for the Overly Curious - Garrick Ollivander Ron sighed as he finished reading the description of his new wand. We are going to get in a lot of trouble together aren't we? I could have turned to the section about phoenix feather wands and their properties but I already knew most of the information already. A part of me wondered if it was a feather from Fawkes. Phoenix feathers are the pickiest wand cores to choose wizards, it was seen as a good omen to be chosen by one. I beg to differ, wouldn't you Tom? They are also said to be extremely versatile in the types of magic they can cast, although fire came easiest than the other elemental spells. This type of wand core coupled with a blackthorn wood, well it was a powerhouse. Blackthorn was notorious for the amount of power you could channel through it. Although I doubt it could stack up against the Elder Wand. My thoughts provided as I gazed down at my newest and possibly most prized possession. I was currently sitting in a very comfortable chair behind a desk that was just the perfect height for me to read and study. To my right was a wall with a beautifully designed window that overlooked the great lake and a lot of the land past Hogwarts, a spectacular view. Directly in front of me was a wall full of bookshelves packed tightly with books. To my left, the room elongated and formed what I would think a wizarding dueling room or rang would look like, there were multiple mannequins at varying distances. Behind me was another wall full of books. The Room of Requirement is amazing. I thought as I took in the sights of what I viewed as a perfect place to learn magic. Time to get to work. I looked down to the desk and saw a book without a cover. That wasn't there before. I thought as I opened it, A Beginners Guide to Casting For the Learned, it had no author that I could find. I decided to try the first chapter out to see what it was about, as if the title didn't give it away. Most make the common mistake of never revisiting the basics after finishing their basic education, content with what they have learned. First we should start with, forget everything you think you know about casting. You were taught the best ways to learn for a child, if you are reading this then we will assume you are not, if you are… leave. Great way to start a book. I couldn't help but think. This is exactly what I need, did the room adjust to my needs without me even trying? You were taught that verbal shouting and wand movements were necessary to enact your will upon the world. That is only partly true. It will undeniably help the average person, the sensible ones will realize that it is a foolish notion. The most famous wizards and witches of all time knew that it was unnecessary to yell at the top of their lungs, and once the reasoning behind wand movements are memorized, they too become unnecessary. Wand movements are what is most important if you want to build a solid foundation for truly marvelous casting, because they are rooted in Arithmancy. The more the movement the more specific the spell is, just like the longer the number, the more detailed it gets. Eventually your magic gets used to the way the spell affects the world and this is how it becomes obsolete. Mastering these opening wand movements will make it infinitely easier for you to advance in the realm of casting. Holy shit this is gold. I thought to myself as I immediately became engrossed in the book. The first two chapters covered basic wand movements and even had pictures with comments beneath them. The next few chapters were some advanced wand movements while the rest of the book went into the mindset needed to cast in each of the main branches of magic: Transfiguration, Charms, Curses, Defense, etc. Then it had ways to practice everything to make it second nature. Three hours later I had finished the book but I knew that I wasn't done with it. I took a break to enjoy the sights and give my eyes the necessary time to readjust to the world, and panicked once I realized it was after nine o'clock at night. Oh well guess I'm staying here for tonight, no way I'm getting caught in the corridors and getting detention. Eventually I decided that I could stay up a little longer and memorized the list of the introductory wand movements for all the main branches of magic, and even going a little more advanced with transfiguration, easily the most interesting to me. It was what allowed Dumbledore to write his name in history as one of the most powerful wizards, next to Merlin, the founding four, and others. I wanted that. It was also, arguably, the most versatile branch of magic out there, it could attack, defend, be used for convenience, everything, and I would make it my bitch. Around eleven o'clock at night, I discovered that the room had switched everything around. Instead of a study, there was a bedroom with a bathroom that had a standing shower designed like one from my previous world. After a quick shower I melted into the bed, told the room to wake me at seven and passed out. I fucking love this room. A/N: Boom! The first chapter. What did you guys think about the 'merge'? Good? Terrible? Thoughts on the wand? What about my explanation for wand movements and the book? I want to hear it all in the reviews! Thanks
Hello everyone, Back again with another chapter for Voleur D'âme. As always there is an authors note at the end of the chapter. Thanks to everyone who favorited, followed, reviewed, and even those who gave it a read but didn't like it! I've decided to upload chapters every Thursday starting this one. Edit: Shoutout to Dieter17 for catching a plot hole. It has been removed and I don't want to spoil it so go check out his review to see the details. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Another boring day in classes. I guess my interest in lectures is the same across dimensions. I thought to myself as I sat in the Room of Requirement finishing up my essay for Charms. Care of Magical Creatures was held in the afternoon but Hagrid didn't assign any work. It was after dinner, most of my classmates would be in their common rooms finishing up their homework also but I was determined to get something done tonight. I want to write out all the books and all of the plot points I could remember so that I could start planning on what needed to change and what needed to stay the same. It would be a late night because tonight, Astrology was held at 10 p.m. for fourth years, so I was stuck with plotting and practicing for a few hours before I had to attend. I finally put the finishing touches on the Charms essay and another piece of parchment appeared. Once again, I fucking love this room. I started on my task of writing everything out and eventually I got through the end of this year and reviewed on what I knew. The good news is that we can stop Voldemort's resurrection from ever happening and stop the war from ever breaking out. How did he survive again? Something about a… a sharp pain racked my skull as I tried to remember how he survived. Panic overtook me and I continued my task of writing out the rest of the books. After I finished I found out some very interesting information. I had a gap missing in my memories, some of it being in The Half-Blood Prince but a lot of the The Deathly Hallows was blank. I couldn't remember why Dumbledore started pulling Harry into his office, I could remember most of Tom's backstory but there were also missing pieces about the 'why' Dumbledore was telling Harry all of this. Is it so he can know his enemy? Why didn't we go back to school in our seventh year? What were we hunting for? Fuck! BLOODY FUCK! I thought having a temper tantrum. What is happening? Pretty much all of the Order of the Phoenix was there, even the full prophecy. Whatever it is, someone or something doesn't want me knowing. My brain supplied. And it's obviously important, like literally the reason Voldemort was defeated important. I sat back and collapsed into the chair as I digested all of the information. There was no other option. I have to get more powerful for it not to matter, blackthorn is a warriors wand? That is what I'll become. A warrior capable of standing against Voldemort… and Dumbledore if necessary. Stupid fanfiction. I sat up after that revelation and brought the pen to paper, a basic plan. Train your ass off. Learn magic/dueling/everything. Get back into shape Remove the trace. Moody. Stop Voldemort's resurrection. ….The Yule ball I could worry about everything else later, the plan could change but that's what is immediately pressing. Wait the Yule ball? Bloody teenage hormones. I thought as I continued looking at the list, knowing that eventually it would get longer and more detailed. Numbers one, two, three, and four are all long term goals. Five can be solved almost immediately. I won't be taking anyone to the ball. There was a war going on inside of me, a moral war. I have lived over thirty-eight years combined and all the people around me are teenagers. My mind didn't feel thirty-eight, in fact it felt somewhere between nineteen and twenty-two. I refuse to enter into a relationship with anyone my age, it's as simple as that. As long as they're of adult age then that is a different story but what adult would accompany a fourteen year old. In short, I will be going to the ball alone. With number five marked off of the list I can now concentrate on the rest. I had no clue about how to remove the trace from my wand. The Room of Requirement took that time to slam two books on the desk of the studies. Neither of them had names on the covers. "Ohhhhkkkkaayyyy." I said aloud not worried about a room reading my mind constantly. I flipped through the first few pages and it was a journal of sorts. Not wanting to waste any time, I started. "The ministry approached me today, they asked me about ways to 'trace' underage magic from young wizards and witches. I immediately denied them but they have threatened my job here at the school, one of them is on the board. I have already thought of several ideas but they will need to be tested…" The journal continued a recap of the day but nothing about the trace. I continued to turn the pages and skim for any information regarding it. Eventually I found it about halfway through the journal. "I finally figured it out, a way to trace underage wizards. It has been a guilty pleasure of mine to figure out the magic of this magnitude, even if I don't like spying on children. I have enchanted a book, the book itself has been enchanted to have neverending pages, to act as a sort of home base. This 'home base' can have other things, anything would work, keyed into the enchantments. These 'keys' will act as beacons, they are enchanted with a ward that is the most basic of detection wards. It will scan any wizard within its range to determine the age, if it finds your magic under seventeen years old then it will 'mark' you. So faint and so soft that it would take a ritual to detect it, but since those have been banned and information about them purged, no one will ever know how to take it off. The idea is to litter the magical outposts with these 'keys'. Originally I thought we could dot the countryside with these 'keys' but there is the possibility of the Muggles finding and moving them, so the magical places in the world will have to suffice, a brick in every building maybe? Anyway every wizard or witch will need to visit Diagon Alley's and Hogsmeade's of the world eventually. That is when they will be marked with the 'trace'. Once marked, the 'key' sends back the information of the wizard it's marked and logs it. Once the wizard uses magic, the book knows instantly. I do not feel good about this, but I do feel a slight sense of accomplishment. I have accumulated the best ways to counter the 'trace' on the page following this one. Unfortunately it will be the last entry. I will have to lose this journal, I'll have a house elf dispose of it. If anyone ever finds this, my apologies. -Anonymous Professor of Hogwarts 1870." I couldn't believe how lucky I was. Holy fucking shit. Summed up my reaction to figuring out how exactly the trace in the Harry Potter world was implemented and who did it. It made sense too, why wouldn't the ministry approach a professor to carry out this task, professors at Hogwarts were some of the most accomplished in their fields. It was most likely the Charms or Arithmancy professor of the time. A part of me wanted to research it to find out but it also didn't matter at all. I flipped the page and saw the ways the author had to counter the trace. The first was the easiest way to counter the trace. It was an enchantment that was supposed to be cast on a piece of jewelry or something that I would wear everyday. The best part was that you could also cast other enchantments on top of it and it would cooperate. My mind was already racing with the possibilities. The second was a little bit harder. It was purely theoretical, it proposed a ritual that was designed to conceal your magic from others. The way the professor worded it was 'to ward your own magic from others'. It didn't actually give any instructions on the ritual. My eyes fell on one of the other books that occupied the desk, the second that fell when the journal was provided by the Room of Requirement. Setting the journal aside I grabbed the book and once again there was no title to it. I opened the front page and was met with a fairly basic title. "Rowena Ravenclaw's Collection of Rituals." I read aloud. I think I experienced a mind orgasm at the discovery that this was one of the legendary founders. I carefully opened the book to the first page. "If you have managed to open the book to this page then congratulations, you have been deemed worthy of the knowledge. This is an accumulation of all of the rituals that I have managed to gain access to in my travels. The creators, or at the very least the owners of the rituals, have all added the theory and mindset behind the ritual as well as what it is supposed to accomplish. Anything past page one hundred and seventy-four is theory about possible rituals that have not been completed, try at own risk." -Rowena Ravenclaw I looked up from the book as my mind melted to mush at everything the world was supplying me with right now. My luck couldn't get any better. My head shot up, a flick of the wrist and my wand was in my hand. "Tempus. Nine fifty-six o'clock at night." Five minutes to make it to the astronomy tower. "Fuck!" I yelled as I scrambled to put everything up and realized I would have to run to make it. I woke up in the dorm to the sound of the seven thirty bell signaling breakfast was starting, it was the latest I had slept since the 'merge'. No one was up and ready yet. Oh yea, we're all teenagers. I got up and quickly went through my morning routine, which only consisted of showering, brushing my teeth, and dressing. My hair was still an ugly red waterfall falling down to my shoulders, I haven't decided on what to do with it yet. After everything was finished, I decided to take a good look at my appearance. Freckles dotted my pale skin, I was clean shaven but my hair fell down to my shoulders just like in the movies. However, I did not look like Rupert Grint. I had some baby fat clinging on to my cheeks and jaw while my cheek bones weren't as defined as in my last life. A longer than average nose poked out of my face, but that was familiar. All in all, I wasn't the most handsome face in the school, nor was I the ugliest. One things for sure, I looked completely different than in my last life. I miss my high and sharp cheekbones, and my fit body. I hate the American culture for making me so fucking vain. On the bright side, I am already taller at 14 than I was fully matured in my last life, standing at about five foot seven. I knew that I would eventually stand at about six feet even if the books were to be believed. I decided to end that line of thinking and got dressed. Soon enough I was walking down to breakfast with Harry enjoying the silence, that is until Hermione joined up with us. "Hello boys, have you finished your essays for Transfiguration and Defense?" Hermione asked as we walked into the great hall. I didn't answer at first, instead I steered us to the Gryffindor table. I forgot she normally proof reads our essays. "Yea we finished it after the announcements of the champions." I stated after we sat down. I started piling my plate full of meats and vegetables, avoiding anything with carbs and ignoring the sugary jams. Orange juice filled my glace instead of chocolate milk. It was time to start eating healthily again. I would need it for the workouts I was about to start again. It's going to be fun starting over. "Well? Let's see it then." Hermione demanded after a few moments. I obliged and offered the parchment over to her, Harry did the same. I focused completely on my task of eating enough food to satisfy an elephant, although I did it with much more class than I used to. It took her a couple of minutes to read over mine but at the end she scrunched her brow and mouthed something to herself. Then she set mine to the side and looked over Harry's, her frown became even more pronounced. "Ron, who wrote this?" She asked holding my paper up. "I did, why?" I answered truthfully. "It's really, really good." "Thanks." I said grabbing it back from her and neatly placing it in my bag. She looked at me suspiciously but didn't say anything, instead she turned her attention to Harry who was on the opposite side of her and went over his. My attention was suddenly grabbed when the hall quieted. I looked around to figure out the disturbance and found that almost all of the male population of the hall was staring at the entrance with glassy eyes. Fleur Delacor was walking in with her posse to start their breakfast. They normally don't eat here, must be low on supplies or something. I thought before remembering an important detail. Or broadcasting themselves as available for the ball, trying to catch a date. Either way it doesn't matter to me. Oh that reminds me. "Harry!" I called to him from across Hermione, my raised voice carried across the hall and a certain silver haired girl whipped her head this way, although I didn't see it. "What?" He said with a mouth full of biscuits. "Don't let me forget to tell you something when we're in private." I said a bit quieter than earlier, thinking about the first task. It took us another fifteen minutes before we walked out but as that was happening I noticed a certain veela looking our direction. Naturally our eyes met and using the experience of a twenty-four year old bachelor, I didn't break eye contact, neither did she. Women don't want meek men. I thought as I held her gaze. Gryffindor courage combined with years of studying psychology kicked in. Then a thought popped up in my mind, that I would later realized was hormone driven. What if no one warns her about the dragons. And that is why I broke off from the other two of my party members and walked over to her, eye contact the whole time. I leaned down and tapped my ear to let her know of my intentions, she moved her head to the side as I whispered in her ear. It was low enough that no one else could hear but us two. Her face was stony, no visible reaction besides furrowing her brows. I didn't wait for a response and turned around to join my friends. "Wait!" She said and I turned back to face her. "What is your name?" She asked in her sexy accent. Hook, line, sinker. "Ron Weasley." I enunciated as properly as possible to make sure she caught it. I turned to my friends once again to join them and noticed that almost the entirety of the great hall was listening and watching me. I took one look at the crowd and then walked out. "What was that mate?" Harry asked as we made it into the hall. "I told her what I'm about to tell you." I said as I pulled the two close, made sure no one was around, and whispered. "The first task is dragons Harry." A few words about how Charlie sent me a note about the dragons solidified my knowing of the task and Harry never asked again. The next week flew by in a blur and I established a routine. Every morning I would wake up at seven a.m. and then I would drag Harry to breakfast where we would eat and review the previous class' work before we would turn it in. Then we would go to class and in the breaks we would hang out with Hermione and the rest of our classmates and also finish some assignments. At the end of the day we would eat dinner together around six and then we would all vanish to go do our own things. I went to the Room of Requirement, Hermione went to the library, Harry spent most of his time at the library stubbornly refusing help from us, determined to figure out the tasks alone. I wasn't sure why but the only thing I could think about was the propaganda Malfoy and the slytherins were spreading about how he needed me and Hermione to bail him out of everything. None of it was true, obviously we all brought something to the table but I think it hit him hard. I knew he would come up with a shitty plan but everything would be alright, at least I hoped so. I was too busy catching up on previous years magic, which I finally did in under a week. I could cast the entire first three years worth of magic silently, although it took some concentration and wasn't seamless yet. I was quite proud of the fact that I mastered three years of work in a week. It helped that I had already done it before and I approached it with the mindset of an adult with a little help from a very good book. My left hand had a new addition, a basic silver ring adorned my index finger. The ring was enchanted to interrupt any type of tracking charms placed on my magic. It was actually a well known enchantment that used to be commonplace for the children of prominent families, more specifically the heir and the heir rings. It is most likely still apart of the enchantments on the heir rings but considering no one wore them anymore, they were useless. Even the Weasley family heir ring was lost, possibly pawned, a long time ago. A quick thought and the room had provided multiple rings with which to cast the spell. The spell needed to cast the enchantment was actually fairly simple, there weren't any complex wand movements and the mindset was easy to grasp. It only took me four tries to successfully cast it. At least I think it was successful, we'll find out this summer I guess. My research into rituals was also fruitful, I already had a few planned but only one could be done with my current funds and I haven't decided on which one to do yet, the ingredients were quite expensive. The theory behind the rituals also put them into a new light, they weren't dark, nor did they even require any blood. None of my blood at least. Most of them were just ways to make what potions can do, permanent. Although there were a few that I knew a potion couldn't achieve, like the one that I was leaning towards performing immediately. It didn't have a name but it was one that Rowena, Salazar, and Helga had done. It basically enhances your mind slightly, nothing drastic. It takes away anything that you didn't want, absent mindedness, ADHD, things like that. A way to improve the foundations of your mind and make you more focused is the best description I can think of. The ritual is supposed to be performed before any type of Occlumency is learned. It's a very subtle way of increasing your intelligence. After Occlumency is mastered, you're memory is boosted and it stacks on the ritual. If Occlumency was mastered before hand, the effects would be lessened. It's very hard for me to explain, but the way that I understand it goes like this. Occlumency is the art of 'organizing your mind', but the kicker is that magic is supposed to be circulated to the mind while doing this. Magic helps the electrical currents of the neurons in the mind solidify and not stray often. The ritual does the same thing but when Occlumency is already known, the electrical currents in the neurons are already solidified by magic and don't want to change to the way the ritual wants it. But if you do the ritual first and then build upon that foundation, it would take you farther. I would need this if I was going to go toe to toe with Tom. Something in the back of my mind told me that Voldemort already performed that ritual on himself also. There were a lot of small rituals that focused on little things like fixing eyesight or changing hair color. The heavy hitters were designed to improve the functions of the body, mind, or magic while leaving everything else in tact, they were very detailed. In theory there was nothing you couldn't achieve with rituals as long as you had the supplies needed and the power to make the change. Astrology was also a major factor in the success of the ritual, some required there to be a new moon, some a waxing gibbous, etc. I had already priced out the first ritual and what the ingredients cost and it would set me back one hundred galleons, almost a third of what I found in the Room of Requirements. It turns the twins were very knowledgeable on the prices of supplies, it made sense really, they were constantly brewing or making things for their pranks. I always wondered where the money they made from running a gambling ring went to. That is why he was hunting down Harry two weeks before the first task. Finally he found him in a nice isolated corner of the library. He never even looked at me until I plopped down beside him, only then did his emerald orbs meet my sky blue. "What's up mate?" I asked casually. "Oh just getting over my latest panic attack. You?" He casually said back. I couldn't help but laugh, I wanted to tell him that muggles did that without a looming task hanging over their heads but I didn't. "I have a way to help you and take your mind off of the task, come on." I said as I stood up. "I can't Ron I…" "Get up, or I'll drag you out of here. We both know you're not actually reading that book." I said as I grabbed his arm and lifted him up. It took him a minute to put all of the books back in the library but soon enough we were wandering the halls. It didn't take us long to get to the girls bathroom on the second floor and Harry soon found out why we were here. "We're going exploring!" I said as I raised my arms up dramatically. "You want to go into the chamber?" Harry said and gave me the 'are you stupid look'. "Yep." I said giving him the same look back. "Now open it." He didn't argue, instead he concentrated on the snake emblem before speaking. I have heard him speak parseltongue before but I could definitely understand how people got creeped out by it. Soon enough the entrance was revealed and before he could jump in I decided to test a theory of all fanfictions. "Ask for stairs, see if it works." Another hissing sound and the stone moved again as stairs appeared before us. "How did you know about that?" He said shocked. "I honestly didn't expect that to work." Nothing else was said between us as I went down first. There were quite a lot of stairs but eventually we made it to the bottom and continued on. Neither of us said anything until we came to the place where Lockhart tried to obliviate us. "Good memories." I said aloud as we saw the spot. "Yea but wasn't this caved in the last time we were here." He responded ignoring my comment. "Oh yeah…" I said eloquently as I whipped out my wand as prepared myself to run into someone or something. He was right, there should be rocks littered around this area, I cleaned out a path for Harry and Ginny in second year but it was only enough for someone to squeeze through, not spotless like it was now. Harry did the same after he noticed me. "Nice." I said noticing his flawless flick of the wrist. I only got a nod in return. "Maybe the chamber is warded to fix itself?" I continued. He didn't respond immediately but eventually croaked out. "Doubt it." We continued walking and didn't speak until we came upon the chamber. I hadn't actually seen the basilisk before, and let me tell you, it was fucking huge. It also hasn't decayed at all since the last time they were down here. Is fanfiction always right? What the fuck, thats like three in a row. Dumbledore better not be evil. I thought as I took in the sight of the beast "It hasn't decayed at all. Incredible." I said not even paying attention to Harry. "The body has got to be worth a fortune." I said planting the seed in his head. "Really?" He asked as he approached the beast. "The venom is the deadliest in the world right? And the hide is extremely magic resistant, not to mention the rarity. You could name your price." I finished. "How would we harvest it?" He asked obviously interested. "You could probably hire Gringotts to do it. They would take a cut but they also have the contacts to sell it. Better than letting it rot here." I told him taking a gamble on another fanfiction trope. When did he become fond of long silences. I thought as he ignored me. "Let's take a look around, you didn't have the chance to explore last time right?" I continued. "No, but I don't see any doorways either." "Maybe try hissing again?" I said jokingly. Finally he started laughing and then he started speaking in parseltongue again, but this time it was much longer. Speak to me the greatest of the Hogwarts four? I guessed randomly in my head. The mouth of the statue at the end of the chamber opened up with the sound of stone on stone grinding. We both approached it and looked inside, there was no hidden study, only a pipe that descended. I flicked my wand in a basic motion and a light appeared at the end of it and lowered. Harry looked at me shocked. "You did that without the incantation?" He asked. "Yes. It's only a first year spell, you could probably do it on the first try." I said as my concentration broke and the light hovered. I couldn't see anything other than pipes the deeper it got, eventually it got useless. "Ron, look at this." Harry said from around the back side of the statue. I walked around to look at what he was talking about and on the side of the statue there was a snake emblem, the same as on the front of the entrance to the chamber. "Say whatever you say in the girls bathroom, maybe it's the same password." I said taking a guess. Sure enough another set of stairs rose from the ground, they twisted in the same way that Dumbledore's gargoyle did. I could tell from the depth of the statue that the stairs ran along the opposite side of the pipes. We squeezed beside each other on the stairs as he hissed another command and it lowered us down further into the chamber. My wand was trained and ready as we descended and soon enough we were met with the site of a study. The lanterns on the walls immediately lit up. "Proximity wards are still active, that means others could be too." I said warning Harry of the danger. I walked forward first and took in the sight of the room. Immediately when you stepped out of the staircase, there was a table with a few chairs around it, four to be exact. Further into the room seemed to be designed similar to what Dumbledore's office was in the movies. There were two staircases that ran alongside the walls and led to a raised office. Along the walls were bookshelves filled with perfectly intact books. The middle of the room was decorated with another statue instead of a desk like in the headmasters office. The statue was of an extremely beautiful witch and was standing as if casting a spell, her robes billowed around her. It was an amazing sculpture. Harry and I silently moved through the room and we both crept up both of the staircases and paused before we entered the study. I counted down from three with my fingers and we jumped out prepared to curse the first person we saw. No one. We found a marvelous mahogany desk with a very comfortable looking chair behind it. Behind that was a wall that had multiple windows on it depicting the great lake from the depths, fish swam along it frequently. More books filled the shelves in the walls. We both relaxed and put away our wands. "What is this place?" Harry asked as we looked around, he grabbed the nearest book off the shelves and stuck his head in it. "If I were to guess, this is the real Chamber of Secrets." I answered walking around. "Natural magic theory by… no author." Harry read aloud from the book. "What is natural magic?" I was quick to look in all of the corners for more symbols of snakes and didn't find a single one. Good I can't take another hidden room. I'm starting to hate my knowledge of tropes. "I honestly have no idea, maybe how magic appears in nature?" I said in response. I continued after I pulled a book off of a shelf and opened it. "This is a perfect place to practice magic ...for you." I answered as I pulled a book off of the shelves and opened it. "Why only for me?" Harry asked as he appeared in my line of sight again. "Because these books are blank." I said as I looked up and met Harry's gaze. A frown broke across his face as he walked over to me. It didn't take him long to open the book and reply. "No they aren't." A look of realization appeared on my face mirroring my mind. "You can read them?" "Yea, you can't?" Is it the connection with Voldemort that Dumbledore spoke about many times? Or maybe because of his heritage with the Peverell's, it was definitely mentioned that he was distantly related to Voldemort, who was the heir of Slytherin. "No, they must be enchanted to only let parseltongues read them." I lied, unable to think of a way to justify my knowledge of the bloodlines. It might be the truth. I could tell that he really didn't know what to say to that. He had a look of guilt on his face so I decided to put that to rest. "It's alright mate, you have your hidden room ...and I've got mine." I said with a grin. A/N: Another chapter in the books. Thoughts about the rituals? Chamber of Secrets and the hidden room ? What do you guys think is the best way to justify Harry being able to see the information in the books? Horcrux? Or distant relation to Slytherin? Let me know everything in the reviews!
Hey everyone, This chapter picks up right where the other left. Thanks to everyone who showed the story love! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Harry looked around the Room of Requirement in wonder. It was the next day after we discovered the hidden study in the Chamber of Secrets. We were already done with classes and our assignments for the day. "It turns into whatever you want?" He asked. "Yes but it does have rules. For example, it has to follow Gamps laws, meaning it can't provide food for you. I'm not sure if the books it provides are from everywhere in Hogwarts or just ones left in the room of forgotten things. The same with the objects." I answered and then decided to continue before he could ask. "However, I'm pretty sure that it's linked to at least the Library. There is no way the selection is this diverse just from people losing stuff around the school." I wonder if I could get the books from Dumbledore's office. I thought while making sure the room didn't act on the question. "Wow. This is incredible." He said. "Yea, we'll have to compare the rooms after you've gotten used to the chamber." I said making a few assumptions. "If that really is the study of Salazar Slytherin, should I even learn anything from there? Wasn't he evil?" Harry said after a second. "Those are the rumors, we don't know that for sure." I said and then quieted thinking about how to approach the subject. "One thing that I have learned since I started coming here and learning is that magic isn't black and white like everyone thinks. Sure there are some spells that are definitely dark but …you could easily lift someone in the air with the levitation spell and drop them, causing them harm or even killing them right?" "Well yeah I guess." "Then that means that it is up to the person casting the spell to determine what is right and wrong. Knowledge is only half the battle, intent is the other half." I finally finished trying to subtly change the way he thought about the chamber. The knowledge in there is too valuable, it could give him insights to Tom. I'll stop him if he goes down the wrong path. I justified to myself. His mind seemed to be working miles a minute. "We've all got light and dark in us. What matters is the part we choose to act on. That's who we really are." He whispered finally. I smiled as I recognized the quote from what Sirius told him in second year. "What if you find something that helps you with the tasks? We need every advantage we can get." I continued pretending like I didn't hear him. We continued to talk for a little while longer about nothing important, he still refused to let me help him with the tasks and if I'm being honest, I had no idea how to fight a dragon. The two weeks leading up to the first task flew by and I was amazed at the progress I was moving with in my studies. I made it to the end of the year in transfiguration, and I was starting charms soon. I expected the progress to be much slower but to be fair, it was mainly because there wasn't a lot of spells taught during transfiguration. Most of the information covered is theoretical and they spend almost the whole year perfecting cross-species switches and the vanishing charm. Both of which I could perform silently and with minimal wand movement. Not only have I gotten through the textbook but I have mastered the material. I was making good progress and if I continued on this same pace then I would be half way through the next year by the time spring came around. In my mind, it wasn't enough, I was making good progress but not great, and that is why I sent out the owl to order my ingredients for the ritual. If everything went well and the order came in soon enough then I would complete the ritual on Saturday, December 17th, about three weeks out. That was when the full moon would come out. That would give me the following Sunday to recover, supposedly it takes a lot out of you and it's best to sleep the effects off. It set me back quite a bit with my funds and I still didn't know how to go about making anymore money. Harry hadn't been back down to the chamber to my knowledge and my subtle manipulation into having him harvest the basilisk and give me some of the funds hadn't gone anywhere. I had a plan for that, however, and it would be a better solution for all. I just had to get him to agree to it. I broke out of my thoughts when Hermione plopped down beside me. We were sitting in the student section of the stands waiting on the first task to start. They haven't unveiled the dragons yet but I knew Cedric would be the first to go. I hadn't talked to anyone since sitting down, all I could think about was how I let Harry prepare for the task alone and he might get killed. Under my robes I gripped my wand tight as the familiar warmth brought me some comfort. I tried to distract myself by looking around and saw multiple Auror's stationed around the stands, along with the dragon tamers. I could even see my brother closer to the gate where the dragons would be brought in. Eventually the tamers brought in the eggs and placed them strategically in the nest. Next the massive beasts were brought in, stunned. Charlie was actually the one to cast the spell to awaken the swedish short-snout. It jumped up suddenly and looked around to all the people in the stands. The cannon took that moment to sound and it drew the attention of the dragon. Before it could act, Cedric walked out into the arena to the sound of the announcers call of his name. As soon as it noticed him it placed it's body in between him and the eggs. Cedric wasted no time in transfiguring a rock into a dog that ran around the fields taking the attention of the beast. Cedric creeped up the rocks and had his wand trained on the dog, he must have had it charmed to wait until the right moment because all it was doing was buying time. Soon enough he found his moment and the dog strayed very close to the dragon, it gave chase immediately, intent on eliminating the threat. Cedric moved immediately and sprinted the rest of the distance to the eggs. He doesn't hesitate I'll give him that. There is a reason he was chosen I guess. I thought as I saw him go for it. I knew what was happening and even I couldn't help but wince when the dragon noticed his mad dash, turned around, and sprayed magical fire in his direction. He dove to the ground dramatically but it helped him avoid most of the flames. The next thing the crowd saw was him racing towards the dragon tamers, one hand clutching a golden egg, and the other holding the right side of his face. It wasn't on fire but you could definitely tell that some areas had second degree burns but no doubt they had the appropriate potions on hand to deal with the damage. His handsome face would live to see another day. The tournament didn't delay at all as the short-snout was stunned by no less than 15 spells. It fell and was carried off immediately by magic. The other was already heading inside the arena and another egg was placed in the nest. Soon the dragon was woken by the handlers. The announcer was on top of the game as he yelled out. "And the champion of Beauxbatons Fleur Delacour!" then a cannon ball. The Veela walked out and just like Cedric her wand was in the air almost immediately. Don't give yourself a chance to freeze, good tactic. To the average student it would look like she was waving her wand frantically but I could tell she was in complete control of the movements and even recognized most of them and their purpose. I couldn't hear what she was saying from where I was but immediately a haze settled over the dragon's eyes. It seemed to understand what was happening and shook its head dramatically, trying to stay awake and protect its eggs. Fleur showed no outward reaction besides continuing the incantation. I was looking on very interested as the wand movements restarted and eventually I could see the pattern, she was repeating it over and over. No doubt it was draining her magic like crazy, I knew I would have trouble casting at the pace she was going. She's powerful. My mind supplied. And absolutely gorgeous. The hormones added. The dragon didn't do much more thrashing, instead it just slowly lowered its head to the ground and closed its eyes. She stopped casting after confirming that it was indeed asleep. It looked like it was just in time too because I could see a wobble in her legs as she started to the nest. I looked away in amazement at the display in casting but snapped my head back when I heard a gasp from the crowd. The dragon apparently snorted in its sleep and singed her skirt. I laughed. I forgot about that. I thought with a smile. "How can you laugh at something like that Ronald?" Uh oh Hermione is mad. "Sorry, just remembered a joke." "At a time like this." She huffed. She must be nervous for Harry. I thought. Our interaction distracted me long enough that I jumped when the cannon went off and Victor was announced. He used the same tactics that he did in the books and the first spell out of his wand was sent towards the eyes. He missed his first few casts but on the fifth try he hit, honestly it was more luck than anything, and the dragon flailed around roaring and blind. The dragon started thrashing about as Krum approached and before he could get there all of the eggs were knocked around and destroyed. Except the golden egg of course, it must have had some strong enchantments on it because it still looked flawless when he picked it up and walked it out. The dragon was stunned by the handlers and went down with a whining sound. I actually felt bad for the chinese fireball, a creature of the skies and magic didn't deserve blindness. No doubt she would have to be put down. So majestic, but I wouldn't want to meet her in a dark alley. Eventually the Hungarian Horntail was brought out after her eggs were placed in the nest, immediately you could tell that this was a different breed. Her eyes danced around the arena, a challenge to anyone who would dare try and touch her eggs. Dangerous. My mind supplied as I took in the sight of an apex predator. My wand was now in my hand out in the open without me realizing it. I was actually prepared to cast at any moment even though my mind wasn't sure which spell it would be. The cannon went off and in stepped the boy who lived. He instantly dove behind a rock as the horntail shot a jet of flame at him. Everyone could see him waving his wand toward the sky from behind the rock. Summoning his firebolt. Almost immediately after that first spell he came around from behind the rock and cast a simple shield to absorb some of the fire as he moved around the arena. I forgot he knew the shield charm this early. I hadn't gotten that far ahead yet. I have to start dueling, or at least practicing some chain combinations. I thought as I watched Harry dance around the arena. I was starting to get worried that he didn't cast the summoning charm right but soon enough his firebolt came soaring through the skies and he jumped on it in mid air. It was surprisingly graceful too. Soon enough he out flew the dragon and acquired the egg, a bit faster than the other champions did. Hermione and I got up and started making our way to the healers tent to congratulate Harry. I was just happy that I hadn't changed the plot too much to get him killed. Barty must have given him some advice again. The tent was a short distance away so it wasn't a far walk. We saw Harry outside the tent and walked right up to him. Hermione didn't even say anything, instead she hugged him. "Brilliant display of flying." I said enthusiastically as I slapped him on the back. "Thanks, play to your strengths yea?" He said in response. I nodded in response and the two of them started talking about the spells he used. That was the first time Hermione had seen a shield charm apparently. Right as we turned to walk back towards the castle to celebrate I saw a flash of silver out of the corner of my eye. Fleur. She didn't seem shocked to see me, in fact she smirked slightly and walked over to us. I was about to speak when she broke into my personal space and whispered in my ear. "Thank you." I could only stare off into space as I was left with the tingling sensation of a hand on my arm from where she grabbed me and the smell of vanilla. She did that on purpose, payback from last time? The game has begun. I broke my trance, turned back to find my friends staring at the interaction and said. "Time to celebrate." And celebrate we did. I thought as I looked at the runic array at my feet. The ingredients for the ritual arrived a week ago, all I was waiting for was the perfect lunar cycle, which was today. The ingredients consisted of a lot of the same plants that were found in potions that affected the mind. Everything from the wit-sharpening potion, a few from the memory potion, and even a key ingredient to veritaserum. The most important was a plant that only grew along the nile in Egypt, it was said to be the main dish of sphinx's, which made sense considering their rumored intelligence. They were all laid out in a heptagon pattern with ritual chalk connecting them in completely straight lines, the type only possible with magic. Each ingredient was placed in the corners of the heptagon. The ritual book didn't have too much to go on with theory but I have figured out that arithmancy is a huge part of the equation. It was a big ritual so the number seven could be found throughout the equation, the heptagon being the most obvious. Apparently every single ritual either had three or seven ingredients, with the book only theorizing on rituals of seven sevens, three threes, seven threes, or three sevens. No one was crazy enough to try it, there were too many things that could go wrong. At least I knew that this particular ritual was already successful with some of the most influential wizards and witches of all time. I started to undress, any extra magical items inside the heptagon could possibly interfere with the ritual, so everything came off. Soon I was alone inside the circle with my clothes neatly folded up on the side of the room. I was starting to shake I was so nervous. Gryffindor courage ...let's go ...you can do this. I repeated the mantra over and over in my mind and eventually my eyes hardened and I channeled my magic into the heptagon. The chalk caught fire at the first ingredient and started to spread immediately and my mind focused on what I was trying to accomplish. The book never stated that it was necessary but intent was always the most important aspect of magic after all. There was a slight tingling in my skull but it didn't hurt, that is until the fire reached the second ingredient. Then there was a dull pounding as a headache formed behind my eyes. The third ingredient didn't increase the pain, all it did was throw my equilibrium off and the room spun. Eventually that stopped and the world righted itself when the fire reached the fourth ingredient. That is when the real pain started, it felt like a hot coal was dropped into the middle of the brain and it slowly started to spread to the other parts of my mind, matching the speed of the fire. The fifth ingredient did the opposite, the fire started at the outside of my brain and moved inwards. The sixth ingredient spread that fire throughout the rest of my body, presumably to include the other neurons in the process, the fire moved agonizingly slowly between that and the last ingredient. Is someone screaming? Thankfully the final ingredient was almost instantaneous, it felt like a bolt of lightning ran through the entire length of my body. My muscles clenched like I just grabbed a powerline and then released a second later. I couldn't move for what felt like hours, in reality it was only a couple of minutes. When I did, I realized that I was in the fetal position with my head in my hands when before I had been lying on my back. The screaming from earlier was most likely me. I stood up and could barely control my limbs as I stumbled over to the bed and collapsed, falling asleep almost instantly. I woke up to the sound of an alarm, the dull ache that ran through my nerves after the ritual was gone. I sat up and looked around, the room was exactly like it was when I went to sleep. The ritual chalk was black as night instead of white, signaling that the ritual was complete. My clothes sat neatly folded in a pile and my wand holster, with both my wands sheathed, rested on top. I moved to get out of the bed and as I pulled up the covers to exit I noticed a change already. My limbs seemed to move exactly where I wanted them to. I never even realized I wasn't moving optimally until now. Side effect of the ritual: improved hand-eye coordination, the book never mentioned this change but it isn't unwelcome. I continued moving and discovered that it extended to the rest of my body also, a sense of grace that wasn't there before. Will it still be here after I finish growing? I couldn't help but wonder. I got dressed swiftly and looked outside the window of the room that was always present when I made the rooms. The view is just too good. About noon? Hopefully I only slept through the night and not into the next week. I continued out of the Room of Requirement and headed down to the great hall, my stomach growled on the way down signaling how hungry I am. I found Harry at the gryffindor table and sat down to join him. "Where have you been?" He asked in between chews. "At the room, I had an important project." I said deciding not to lie but not wanting to tell him either. My plate kept getting higher as I piled food on it. "Is today Sunday?" I asked before he could continue. "Yes. Are you alright mate?" He said looking at me like I was crazy. We continued eating for a bit and after I finished I decided to tease him a bit. "Found a date to the ball yet?" He only groaned in response, I laughed loudly. Ever since McGonagall told them about the ball he had been running around like a chicken with its head cut off. "I told you to ask Hermione. She'll say yes, if she doesn't already have a date." I said trying to get him a pity date. A part of me felt weird proposing it considering in another timeline, universe? Dimension?, we would have kids together. The other part wasn't attracted to her at all because of the age difference that didn't actually exist. This is all so confusing, but the heart wants what it wants. "Excuse me." I heard from behind me. Is that why the hall got quiet? I turned to face her as I wiped my mouth and hands with a napkin. The smell of vanilla wafted around her. Fleur. She wasn't wearing her school uniform, instead some casual clothes that showed off her curves perfectly. "Hello." I responded as I noticed who it was, trying to ignore the raging hormones in the back of my mind. Real smooth casanova. "I was wondering if I could speak to you for a moment outside?" She asked. Her accent has gotten better. I noted in the back of my mind. "Sure." I said and stood up. I'm done eating anyway. As we walked out of the hall I noted that I was slightly taller than her, my eyes came to the top of her forehead. And then they fell down to another place for a moment, my blush could probably be seen by everyone. Especially since they're still staring. It was true, most of the male population was still staring at Fleur as we walked out, even some girls. She continued walking as we left the great hall and I increased my pace to catch up to her side. "What did you want to talk to me about?" "Do you have a date for the Yule ball?" She asked in the same tone as someone who asked for you to pass the salt. "No, I was planning on going alone." I answered quickly and honestly as my mind blanked at the question. Why is she asking me that? My mind supplied never even considering the most obvious answer. She stopped at my answer and turned to me, we locked eyes as I did the same. "Good, you can take me then, I am in need of a date and I'm tired of waiting on you to ask me." Her accent really has improved. I couldn't help but think, instead of actually processing what she was telling me. Wait, waiting on me to ask her. What? I did the only thing any fourteen year old male could in the situation. "Ok." She smiled then, obviously happy at my reaction. "Good, I'll be wearing silver." And then she was gone. My eyes were trained on the spot she previously occupied until my body caught up with my thoughts and I turned to her retreating figure. Her perfect hips swayed slightly more than before. A/N: Another chapter in the books! Shorter chapter than last time but closer in length to my other story. I'll probably shoot for around 4k, what do you guys think is the perfect chapter length? I've been playing around with it and I feel like the last chapter was a little long at over 5k. What about this whole Fleur development? Let's talk about it. Review please!
Hello everyone, Sorry I am so late posting this today, work went later than usual. IMPORTANT: Story will be posted on Sunday's starting 8/25. This is a much easier schedule for me. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Ron stood there panting and looked at the scene in front of him. Training dummies lay destroyed around the room, an effect of his anger. The ground was charred black and smoking in some places, a result of throwing blasting curses and the weak fire spells he knew. How could I be so stupid. I thought as I collapsed into the chair the room provided for me. This whole time I never even considered how my actions could affect the future of my family. Bill and Fleur would some time meet next year or so and then within a year after that, they would marry. Both would survive the war and then they would have three children together. Now because of his actions that may never happen. Now Bill and Fleur may never find love, and their children might not exist. All because I wanted to flirt with an attractive girl to feed my ego. Even if nothing happened between us after the ball then maybe she denies Bill later because she feels bad about us going to the ball. Or maybe Bill never approaches her because he will inevitably find out who my date is. I never expected it to be anything, the flirting wasn't supposed to lead to anything. Now we are set to go to the ball together in six days time. There was no way I could back out either, I already sent off my dimensions and an order of dress robes to match her dress. It was the day after she asked me and during breakfast, my owl returned from Madame Malkin's and inside was a ruler that took my dimensions and recorded them on a piece of paper. I sent the owl back almost immediately to make sure the robes were done in time. Then later during the day in class, my mind was preoccupied with the details of the ball, more specifically, my date. Divination was boring as always and my mind drifted to the future, then I connected the dots. I came to the room almost immediately after and trashed it. It's possible she's not really interested, I could just be the only option. I thought trying to calm down. I don't even remember who she took during the books. The worst detail of it all was that I was really looking forward to the ball. I learned a few lessons over the week leading up to the ball. The first was that Harry still didn't have a date and there were only two days left. The second I was an idiot who didn't think about the repercussions of his actions. The third is that Fleur is really hard to find if you didn't know where to look, I still hadn't found her to talk about the details of the ball. The fourth was that it was getting profoundly easier to focus as the days passed. Casting was becoming so much easier and more fluid. It was like I was wading through water before the ritual and now every motion was faster, more precise. The changes in performance of my mind is difficult to explain. Before I had to actually try to memorize something, mainly by connecting it to something I was interested in and then trying to use the information over and over to truly learn it. Now the steps in-between are unnecessary, I read the information and could apply it to what I already learned instantly. Before, it was like there was a house that represented my mind and there was a door between the relevant information and I had to open it before the cooperated. Now there was only a huge auditorium encompassing the whole of my mind and the information flowed seamlessly. This didn't apply to the memories of my other life, it was as if they were pushed to a corner of my mind. However, since the personality of my other life was still merged the Ron of this world, nothing really changed. It actually explained why it was so hard to think about the changes he was making to the future. In the end it was hard for me to care. Logically I knew that the moment we merged, the future was going to change and I wouldn't be able to control all of it. The guilt of what I had done to Bill and Fleur's future was washed away with the fact that whoever or whatever brought me here was to blame for the changes. I was thrown into this body, this mind, to change things. I am not to blame for the far reaching consequences. I thought. Plus she's the one who asked me to the ball. I finished as I stopped my daily run. Christmas holidays was currently going on and most of the population had left to go home for the breaks, everyone besides the champions. It was highly recommended they stay on campus to prepare for the Yule ball. I spent the last few days since accepting Fleur's proposal practicing as much magic as possible The daily routine that I established had been changed and upgraded since the ritual. At meals I would eat a high protein and low carbs. After classes I would eat then head straight to the room where I would study new magic for two hours before I would workout, both magical and physical, for the rest of the night. For the first two hours I would focus on finishing any assignments and the curriculum of the school years to make sure that I kept up with my studies. I was progressing extremely fast ever since the ritual, like insanely fast. Most of the time I would finish with time to spare and then I would research dueling and read on the theory of future years. The physical workouts were purely calisthenics, dueling did require a lot of movement after all. I didn't need a lot of strength, magic could move any obstacle I needed so why do I need to be able to lift a lot. I would focus on body weight workouts while also incorporating a lot of cardio. I have been running a mile a day for the past week and already my young body was adapting quickly. Next week I would bump it up to 2 miles and then start improving the pace and times at which I ran. This would be done four times a week. After I did the physical workouts, I practiced dueling. I spent the first few days researching dueling styles and tactics before just learning spells. All the books I found about the subject said to start learning how to chain spells together, ones that the wand movements could lead into the other. Then practice practice practice until they became second nature. There were some beginner chains that were in the books but they lacked power and would only work against people not prepared for a fight. I had already mastered those. A chain of five spells sent one after another with no pauses. I could most likely beat everyone in my year with that chain alone. Too bad I wouldn't be dueling fourteen year olds in the future, I needed to be able to take down death eaters. People who were said to be on par with an auror. That was what led me to finally opening a book the room provided after I finished A Beginners Guide to Casting For the Learned. There was nothing on the outside to notify this book being the sequel. On the inside the format was the same as the first book and the title read The Road to Legendary Casting. I wasted no time in turning to the first page of the first chapter. "Have you ever wondered why it is that people feel the need to point their wand at their target but never actually aim with it? If you were to test the trajectory of how spells are cast then you would find that the data would not represent where the magic actually ended up at. We are taught at a young age that intent is the most important aspect of magic, not the direction the wand is pointing. The ones who know this typically stumble across it on their way to greatness. This is the exact way my ...partner and I discovered this neat trick. He has now become infinitely pleased with fooling the masses. We are fascinated on wandlore and one day we asked ourselves, how could people wield staves in the same manner that wands are used. There are some still preserved in museums around the world after all. How would it work? Then we asked another important question, would you have to point it? I will stop dancing around the subject. Channeling magic through the wand is the one and only necessary part of casting. The most accomplished researchers raise their hand without the wand showing and candles around the room catch flame, the spectators are in awe of 'wandless magic'. Preposterous, simply put, it is an illusion. Wizards may only accomplish the most basic of things without a wand, lighting fifty candles in a room with conjuration is next to impossible for one without a wand. Wizards need a foci for intense magic, always have and always will. While they raise their left hand, the right wrist is in contact of the wand in their wands, and they channel their magic through their foci, whether they know it or not, and then they enact their will upon the world. We have speculated that most who accomplish these feats never even realize it. Their minds subconsciously recognize their hand as nothing more than an impromptu wand, but the magic reaches out to what it is most familiar with, the actual wand. The subconscious tricks the mind in many other areas already, why wouldn't it when it comes to magic. When you learn to trick your subconscious, that is when legendary casting begins." Fucking hell. I thought as I grasped the concepts. It explained so much, why a wrist holster? Why not a belt? Simply put, because it's harder to channel your magic through the middle of the body, the mind thinks it's easier to channel it through the wrist, so it is. Why did the most accomplished casters wear long sleeve robes, everyone knows that the trend started with the founding four. Holy shit. Grindelwald was notorious for waving his left hand in conjunction with his wand hand. During the duel with Dumbledore it was said that shields were conjured and spells were fired near simultaneously, everyone thought it was pure speed but instead it was the epitome of skill. They truly were firing multiple spells at the same time, just from different parts of their body. I continued reading and discovered that the book was even shorter than the last, that was literally the only text that was about theory, the rest of the book described practices to help you trick your subconscious. Finally as I got to the last page there was an author with a little note at the end. "I would recommend mastering Occlumency before even attempting this level of casting. The strain on the mind might be too much. " -Gellert Grindelwald I didn't sleep that night. Christmas day eventually arrived. I had only gotten three people presents; Harry, Hermione, and Fluer. Harry's present was very simple. It was a ring that had the same enchantment on it as mine did, allowing him to use magic outside of Hogwarts. I was hoping to help him avoid the trial before next year. Hermione's was a book from the Room of Requirement called Arithmancy through the ages. Fleur's was a simple necklace. A silver chain with a small sapphire attached that was left in Hogwarts sometime in the past. The room really was a blessing to a boy from a poor family. None of them got me any but that was ok, children weren't supposed to get each other presents, and since I didn't consider myself a child, well then it was perfectly ok. I received my customary knit sweater from my mother and that was it, which was perfectly ok with me. I spent the whole day with the two of them relaxing and playing chess. We all went our separate ways to get dressed and meet up with our dates. I can't wait for them to see who I'm going with. My thoughts provided. I hadn't told anyone of what Fleur asked me a week ago. Eventually I was completely dressed in brand new dress robes. They were a bit different from Harry's in the movies. The outer robe was black and didn't puff out like his did, instead it was fairly tight fitting. Underneath that I wore a white long sleeved dress shirt with a black vest that had silver accents in it. The pants, shoes, and belt were a simple black. A black and silver striped bow tie sat perfectly tied on my neck. I was ready two hours beforehand and I decided that a slightly different look was needed for my hair. It is a formal even after all. I thought trying to rack my brains for what could be done with it. Eventually I decided and the room provided a book for making the changes. It was a simple spell that pulled the hair back tight and tied off a low bun, with the hair on the back of my head flowing down my neck. It was a very stylish man bun, if Fleur didn't like it then I would just wear it normally. With everything in order I left the room and headed downstairs, I eventually caught up to her and we decided to just meet up with the other champions and join each other there. I was always early everywhere I went in my other life and tonight was no different. I quickly found professor McGonagall by herself waiting for the champions to arrive. There were already a small amount of people in the hall eating. "Mr. Weasley, how can I help you?" She asked when she noticed me approaching. "Are you waiting for the champions professor?" "I am, they should be here shortly, you should head inside." Her response was quick. "I agreed to meet with my date here, she said you told her to find you before we sat down." I replied carefully not saying my dates name aloud, testing to see if she'd figure it out. She just stared at me for a moment before it clicked. "Ah well then you are welcome to wait with me." I didn't say anything, so she made conversation. "You know you will have to open the ball with the first dance correct?" At my nod she continued. "Yet you didn't come to the rehearsal dance. Do you know how to dance?" I smiled remembering my past life. "I'm sure I'll manage professor." "Well if you dance half as well as you perform in classes nowadays you'll do more than manage." She responded looking at me from the corner of her eye, no doubt wanting to know my reaction. "What do you mean professor?" I asked curiously. "Don't think your drastic increase in grades hasn't drawn any attention from the staff, we discuss these things frequently you know. Did you know you haven't gotten below exceeds expectations on any assignments since the beginning of November?" She said fully facing me now with a stern expression. She thinks I'm cheating. I could see it on her face. "Yea, I decided to take my studies more seriously this year." I replied honestly. She would freak if she knew that I was on the sixth year curriculum for transfiguration. Luckily our conversation was interrupted by Harry arriving. "Ron? What are you doing here? You're not a champion." He asked with Pavarti on his hip. "Just helping professor sort you all out before everything starts." I said giving McGonagall a look so that she wouldn't ruin the surprise. After that Krum and Hermione arrived together at the same time as Cedric and Cho. The look on Harry's face at seeing how beautiful Hermione looked was hilarious. I told him he should have asked her. I lifted my head and saw an image that deserved to be memorialized on a portrait the size of the great hall. Fleur was stunning, her silver dress was slightly different than the one she wore in the movies. The straps were slightly thicker and were on both sides of her shoulders. The length was a little shorter than depicted and it was much much tighter on her than the other. It looked painted on to her perfect body. Her hair was done up elegantly in a bun that was just perfect. Her legs ran for miles and were perfectly toned. Her breasts sat perfectly in her dress and showed just the right amount of cleavage. Right above that rested the necklace that I gifted her this morning and it just seemed to complete the outfit. I couldn't even tell if she was wearing makeup. No wonder girls are always jealous of Veela's. They are goddesses. I walked over to her before she could join us completely and she held out her hand in a very traditional manner, a smirk on her face told me she thought this funny. I obliged and embraced it with my own, brought it up to my lips and place a chaste kiss on it. "You look stunning." I managed to get out. "Thank you. You dress up well." She said with running her eyes over my form and my tight fitting outfit. "You changed your hair." She said with a raised eyebrow. "I like it." "Thanks. Shall we?" I asked as I offered my arm to her. We walked arm in arm up to the rest of the champions and the look on Harry and Hermione's would forever be burned in my memory. Professor McGonagall didn't waste any time. "Now that you are all here, you can go inside and enjoy dinner. Remember, when the band starts playing, the eight of you will dance first, and then others will join after that." She didn't wait for us, instead she went inside and sat at one of the tables filled with professors and other important people. All of us decided to sit at the same table so that we could join the dance at the same time. That and we were all familiar with each other. Once we were settled and eating I decided to get to know my date a little more. "I see you got my present this morning." "It's beautiful, and matched my dress." She answered. "I feel bad because I didn't get you anything." "Don't. I didn't expect anything, it's the giving that counts right?" "But still.." she responded slightly down. I decided to change the subject to brighten her mood. "Have you figured out the clue to the second task?" Her mood shifted to slightly down to pleased. "Yes, but I won't tell you what it is." She teased. "I already know. Harry hasn't figured it out yet." I whispered so that he wouldn't hear us from the other side of the table. "Why don't you tell him then?" She asked skeptically. "I will eventually but he's got some time before the second task. I want to see if he can figure it out himself." I responded truthfully. She gave me a look that said she didn't believe me and I was trying to trick her. So to prove it I responded. "Mermish." Then I tapped my glass of water. Her eyes widened. "How do you know mermish?" She asked. I laughed realizing my mistake. "I don't actually, I just know the sound it makes above water." The night continued like that as we made small talk and got to know one another. Eventually the awkwardness left and we were making jokes. Then she returned with glasses of wine that I know must have come from a flask from somewhere. It was after our second glass that Dumbledore got everyone's attention and the tables were cleared as the Weird sisters took to the stage. Before they began I offered my hand to a red faced Fleur. Too much wine. "May I have this dance?" I asked seriously. She took it and I led her to the floor. I grabbed her confidently but didn't let my hands wonder as the band started. My body remembered the steps from my last life as I led her across the dance floor. The night continued like that, I couldn't count how many times we danced. It was refreshing, dancing was something that I enjoyed and was good at in my last life. I even got to dance with Hermione and some of the older gryffindor's girls while Fleur didn't dance with anyone else. Even Harry was enjoying himself and not sulking in the corner like in the books. He couldn't dance to save his life but at least he was having fun. After another dance with someone whose name I never caught I noticed Fleur had three older students around her vying for her attention. I felt guilty for leaving her alone and decided to rescue her. I walked in the middle of their little circle, right up to Fleur and grabbed her hand, she followed without complaint to an abandoned table off to the side. "Sorry for leaving you alone." "It's ok, you are a good dancer and everyone can tell. I think they just wanted someone who didn't step on their toes." She responded making me laugh. She's actually pretty funny. "Does that happen a lot?" I said pointing to the three boys from earlier. "Unfortunately, it's the allure." She responded. "Oh yea, I forgot about that." I asked as completely forgetting about her heritage as a veela. "Can we leave? I don't feel like dealing with that anymore." She said showing some vulnerability. "Yea, I'll walk you back." I said as I got up and threw my outer robe over my shoulder. It had come off earlier in the night. "I was afraid you couldn't dance." She said as we walked in the direction of the Beauxbaton rooms. "I was obviously wrong." We both laughed at the end of the sentence. Along the way she took a detour and walked in the direction of the black lake. She was wearing my robe because of the cold. "I am not tired. I don't want the night to end." She continued. I didn't say anything for a minute, pondering if I should show her the Room of Requirement. What's the worst that could happen. "Well ...follow me then." "To go where?" She asked giving me an odd look. "You'll love it I promise." I said. "But it's kind of a secret." She gave me a skeptical look then. "I promise I am not going to murder you." I said jokingly. That earned me a laugh as she answered. "Ok Ron Weasley, show me this secret." After quite the walk we made it to the seventh floor, surprisingly we didn't run into anyone the entire time, the sounds from the great hall could still be heard. There weren't any patrols because of the ball. They've got to wrap up soon, it's past midnight. "Are you sure you aren't going to kill me?" She asked as I walked up to the blank wall. "Yes, this is going to sound crazy but walk back and forth in front of this wall three times and think of the place that you want." I said. She tilted her head and gave me a 'are you crazy' look. "Ok." She did as I asked and stopped after the third time, then the door melted out of the wall just like it always did and her face morphed from disbelief into shock. I didn't say anything instead I walked up and gestured her forward. We entered the room together and what I found was a room, from what I guessed it was her room at beauxbatons, the view from the window showed a chateau with gorgeous lawns and mountains rising around it. She muttered something in french that I didn't catch as we stepped into the room. "What is this place?" She asked with nothing but joy in her face. "No one knows the official name, and I think I am one of the only people alive that know of its existence. I call it the Room of Requirement, it arranges itself based on what you want." I answered. She didn't say anything, instead she closed the distance between us and jumped into my arms giving me a hug. "This is exactly what I needed." She murmured into my neck. Neither of us moved to break the hug and eventually the room picked up on her intentions. At least I think it's hers. A very slow musical tone started from somewhere in the room and I started moving immediately. There were no fancy movements, just two people enjoying the others presence. "You're homesick?" I asked. "Yes, this is my room at beauxbatons." She answered immediately. I didn't respond. Instead we danced until the music stopped. "Can it change while we're in here?" She asked as we seperated. "Try." Soon enough the room shifted and we were in a bigger room. She seemed satisfied at the progress and then concentrated again. "This is amazing." "Let me have control." I said once I realized that my wants weren't being responded to. She closed her eyes and concentrated and I did the same. The room shifted around us again and my normal room with a few changes greeted us, the window overlooking the great lake had a half moon reflected off the surface. The chimney had firewood in it and warmth filled the room. It had no practice range, instead another window overlooked the Hogwarts grounds. Instead of an office desk and chair, a single table with two chairs appeared with a candle in the middle of the small table. "Very romantic." She said in response to the scene. "But I can do better." The two chairs and table turned into a loveseat, barely big enough for both of us to sit in. Two wine glasses sat on a table beside it. Glasses? How did she take back control of the room? She moved to the seat before me and grabbed the glasses as she produced the flask from somewhere in her dress and poured the wine in it. She plopped down and took her feet off while patting the space next to her, implying for me to sit next to her. I obeyed and threw my arm over the side of her head and grabbed her shoulder as she leaned onto my chest. We both sat in silence and drank about a half of a glass before I started talking. "Why me?" I asked. She shifted slightly and threw one of her legs over mine as the chair reclined and we got more comfortable. "You remember when you asked me if what those boys were doing happens a lot?" She said as I started massaging her scalp. "Yes, you said it was the allure." I answered truthfully as I continued to play with her hair. "You don't feel it do you?" She asked as she sat up and looked at me. I tried to feel around me magically and couldn't tell any difference. "No." "Do you mind if I try?" She asked. "Go ahead." I responded. Then her features shifted slightly and her eyes became more pronounced as her face elongated slightly. I still didn't feel any type of compulsion, instead I focused on memorizing her transformation. Her face gained some scales along the skin as she took it even further. Some would say that Veela got unattractive as they showed them their other form but I couldn't deny that even seeing her like this was shocking but it didn't change my view of her. I saw angry veela at the quidditch world cup after all. Then faster than when she first shifted, she was back to normal. "You didn't do anything?! You don't feel it at all?" "I think I feel a little bit …but not enough to influence any thoughts about you." I answered. Her eyebrows came together in a v as she thought about what I said. Abruptly she downed the rest of the glass of wine and set it on the table next to the chair. Then she turned, grabbed my face and planted a kiss on my lips. I froze, obviously not expecting the kiss. Eventually I came to my senses as I returned the kiss and intensified it. The hand that was playing with her hair earlier went to her neck as instinct took over. She was talented but I eventually won the battle our tongues were engaged in. We separated after a few more intense kisses. She continued to look down at me and I could tell her lips would be bruised in the morning from how puffy they were. She bit her lip and then set her head back down on her chest. I honestly didn't know what to think about what just happened so I went back to playing with her hair. Neither of us spoke for a long time and eventually I felt her breathing even out as soft snores filled the air. A blanket fell across us as the room fell back into my will and I realized I doomed myself to a dead arm and an awkward moment in the morning. Worth it. Was the last thought that crossed my mind as I drifted off to sleep. A/N: WHAAAAAAAT? And that is the end of the Yule ball folks. What did you think about it? What does everyone think about the romance? I personally think I am terrible at writing it but I'd like to know what everyone else thinks. Pretty sure a Fleur POV will be necessary in the future to explain her side of things, does that sound like a good idea? When I was writing this chapter I couldn't help but feel like this whole Fleur thing was writing itself. It just made sense to me. It feels a little fast but really their first interaction was a month beforehand, plenty of time for Fleur to decide to ask Ron to the ball. Plus the heart wants what the heart wants. Plus teenagers make stupid decisions all the time, hormones…. What about the magical theory from earlier in the chapter? I think it fits but I want to know what everyone else thinks. Tell me in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Important: Updates will now be Sunday's for this story. A brief Fleur POV to start the chapter, will eventually switch back to Ron so don't worry. I asked and you all responded with a yes to the Fleur POV, let me know how I did. I think these little snippets into her mind will be what I incorporate from her and maybe a few other characters in the future. Tell me what you think about that format in the reviews. As always there is an authors note at the bottom! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Fleur awoke to the sun's rays shining through the windows. Her neck ached and her lips were swollen as her head lifted from its position. It took her a moment to realize what happened the night before. She could remember it all clearly, how they had left the ball early because she was uncomfortable, their walk through the grounds outside, and then their romantic finish to the night. I fell asleep on his chest. The way he kissed her, easily more skilled than any other. She didn't have but two others to compare it to but he outstripped them by lightyears. I didn't even know who he was a month before. The cute red-head attached to her competitions hip. And then he told her what the first task was, before even her headmistress had. No doubt the other red-headed dragon handler was the reason for his knowledge. Now she was confused, she had never been attracted to any of the boys at Beauxbatons, especially none that were younger than her. But here she was, trying to wade through foreign feelings for a boy three years her junior. He doesn't feel my allure. Was one of the first thoughts she ever had about the boy. She still remembered the way the great hall hushed as her and her friends walked in, all the boys staring. Then out of nowhere a voice carried across the room. "Harry!" Her head whipped around to the voice and found that he and his friend weren't affected at all by the passive allure. He wasn't the first one she had ever come across, but normally they were powerful and learned wizards. He was just a school boy, yet he didn't feel even the slightest touch, even the aurors felt it a little. It shouldn't have bothered her so much but as they ate breakfast she kept catching his eye from across the room before she would look away shyly, he just stared like he had no shame. It wasn't even the normal glassy eye stare either, it was an intense gaze. Then he stood up and walked straight to her, keeping eye contact the whole time and leaned in. "The first task ...dragons." Then he walked away without any warning, or cheesy pick up line. He never tried to gain her attention once. "Wait!" Her voice spoke without her realizing. "What is your name?" "Ron Weasley." He said and the name burned itself into her memory. The next time she saw him was a month later at the entrance of the medical tent after her task. She was walking with her family as they congratulated her on her performance. She saw him talking with the Potter boy and had a mischievous thought, a way to pay him back for the last time in the hall. He got the best of her last time but not this one. She walked straight up to him and took it a step further. She grabbed his wand arm as she leaned in and put her lips right next to his ear, then only whispered. "Thanks." Then abruptly left, not giving him a chance to respond. "Let's celebrate." She heard as she rejoined her family. It was her father's eyes that told her that she may have not won that battle like she thought she did. She'd had to answer questions about a boy for the first time in her life. After that she would see him in the great hall as she started taking her dinners with the rest of the schools. Never did he approach her, not even after the Yule ball was announced. She had denied countless of suitable dates waiting on him. She knew he was interested, his eyes always found hers and then he would smirk like he knew something everyone else didn't. She got tired of waiting, Fleur Delacour doesn't wait on others, she gets what she wants. And why shouldn't she. Top of her class since her start at Beauxbatons, chosen representative of the school in a legendary tournament against the countries best, and a beautiful woman on top of that. So why did she ask him to leave his friends so she could ask him. So I wouldn't get rejected in front of everyone. Her mind supplied. She didn't have to worry about that as he accepted. She definitely won that interaction, his face was priceless, obviously not expecting her to ask him. It actually made sense why he didn't ask her, what normal fourteen year old had a chance with a beautiful woman older than him. But he's not a normal fourteen year old, he feels even older than me. And then there was the fact that he didn't react to the full amount of her allure, nor did he even flinch at the sight of her transformation. He just stared with his intense eyes. Eyes that were so light blue they seemed almost white. A complete different shade than her deep blue eyes. A spike of pain pierced her head as the sun interrupted her thinking, a result from the wine the night before. She decided to stop thinking and enjoy the moment as the room responded to her wishes. Blinds covered the window, throwing the room back into darkness as the seat they were on turned into a bed and she laid her head back on his chest. Pillows surrounded them and he adjusted to them as his arm dropped to her waist and pulled her closer in his sleep. I woke up to a room that was so dark it was almost pitch black, and I couldn't feel his left arm. The scent of vanilla clung to me as I lifted me head and realized where he was. We fell asleep. Weren't we in a chair and not a bed? My faithful wand shot into his right hand as he cast a quick tempus quietly. It was nearly eleven in the morning the day after the yule ball. It's a good thing it's the winter break or I would have slept in. I thought as I pondered the pros and cons to waking my beautiful date up. I quickly cast a spell to clean my mouth and teeth as I waited for my morning problem to calm himself. Once I had control over my own body again the shades flew open under my command as I took control of the room. Immediately a groan filled the air as she snuggled her head deeper into my side. "Cinq minutes de plus." She said. I didn't say anything, instead I took in the undeniably cute scene without complaint. She shot up as she realized the position she was in. We met eyes. "Goodmorning." I said deciding to start. "You're cruel." She said shielding her eyes. I shook my arm out trying to get blood flow back to the appendage before I responded. "At least I make a good pillow." I said teasingly. She wasn't embarrassed at all, no blush or anything. "And a good kisser too." She responded as she stretched out the kinks from the romantic but undeniably uncomfortable position. I just smiled and took in the sight of her form still in her dress, although much more wrinkled than last night. She decided that it was a good time to lean in again. Our lips met more tenderly than last night, instead of raw passion, it was caring. "It's eleven. Do you have anywhere to be?" I asked distracting us. She seemed to panic for a second before calming. "My portkey is at noon today." She answered. "You better go get ready then." I said as I got out of the bed. "Do you remember how to get down?" I asked. "We are at the top yes? Just go down." She answered as she got out of the bed. I only nodded and followed her as she moved to the door in the room. "Would you like an escort?" I asked. "Non, no offense but I don't want people to see me like this." She said with an apologetic face. "I don't blame you, but there's bound to be students down there, I'm not sure you'll be able to avoid being seen." I responded not offended at all at her suggestion, it was better for both of us if students didn't gossip. She only smiled in response and raised her wand to the tip of her head. She sent me a wink as it connected with her scalp and suddenly she was invisible. Disillusionment charm. I thought as she cast the spell. The door opened but before the ripples in the air left I felt her hand grab my neck and then her lips were on mine for a brief moment. "I will see you soon, yes?" She said. "Of course." I responded. Then she was gone. As soon as I showered and changed into normal robes I went down to the great hall to grab lunch before continuing my training. I found Harry and Hermione having a conversation with Draco and his goons. As soon as I walked up, Draco handed them a copy of the Daily Prophet. "What's it about?" I asked as I made my presence known. Draco turned to me and as soon as he noticed it was me his face turned into a frown. It was the same face he made when he was about to spit out something racist. "Your half-breed friend Hagrid has been outed as a giant and has fled the school." "Watch your mouth Draco." I said as my face hardened. He smiled wickedly. "And why should I? Oh yea you have a taste for half-breeds don't you?" He goaded. "Leave, before I ruin that pretty face that your mother gave you." I said threatening him and using a classic of schoolyard taunts, yo momma jokes. Harry and Hermione both laughed at the comment. Draco and his goons, whose names were escaping me turned their bodies aggressively and fully giving me their attention. My wand found its way into my hand almost subconsciously and my magic rolled beneath my skin, ready to be unleashed. Neither of us moved as they took notice of my quick draw. Instead Malfoy did exactly what I expected of him. "My father will hear of this." I actually laughed as I heard this. It's even more ridiculous than the movies. "Great job mate." Harry said as I sat down and started filling my plate. "He's a twat." I said in response. "Language Ronald." Hermione said scandalously. Even Harry looked at me weirdly for my language. "How was everyone's night last night?" I asked wondering what they got up to. "Went back down to the chamber again about when you and Fleur left." He said as if he had something to tell me. "Again?" Hermione asked obviously not knowing of our trip. "Yea we went down there and found a hidden study designed almost exactly like Dumbledore's office. There was a library and a desk and everything." Harry answered. "Find anything interesting?" I asked deciding to ignore her for now. "Yea there are even some books on parseltongue spells, most of them are healing, which I don't understand." He said. "Well the snake has always been a symbol for healing in the past." Hermione supplied for us. "Did you do anything about the basilisk corpse?" I asked. "Not yet, the goblins said they could only help in the selling of the different parts of the corpse, not the actual harvesting of it. In fact they offered to buy the whole lot if I could preserve everything properly." He finished. "Did they give you a figure?" I asked pryingly before I could stop myself. "Sorry that's a bit personal, you don't have to tell me." "No it's fine, I was going to tell you anyway. They said two hundred thousand galleons…" He whispered the last part. Hermione's jaw dropped and I stopped mid-bite of a piece of chicken. "What?!" "Well they said it was only an estimation based on the rough description I gave." Harry cut in before we could start firing off questions. "So we need to learn how to harvest a basilisk." I said wrapping my mind around the large sum. It would transfer into roughly a million U.S. dollars, I had no clue about pounds since my last life was american and wizards didn't care about muggle currency. I was going based off of the value of gold. "You want to?" He asked confused. "You don't?" Hermione and I asked at the same time. "Well I kind of gave up on it since I don't know where to start. Plus I have no time with the tournament and everything I have going on." Harry said seriously. "Mate, I don't think you understand how much money that is being wasted." I said in response. "Yea Harry, that is a lot of money." Hermione chipped in. "Well I don't really need money. Gringotts also sent me my yearly audit of my bank accounts, since I am technically an adult for the duration of the tournament. The Potter's are very well off." He said eventually. He seemed guilty at telling me, no doubt thinking that I would be jealous. The old Ron certainly would have but I was no longer the old Ron. "That's good news!" I said excitedly. Thank Merlin James didn't bankrupt the Potters like in so many fanfictions I used to read. His face changed from apprehensive to happy when he reacted to my response. "I guess we could just go destroy the corpse then yea?" I said as we all finished our lunch. "Well, why don't you just do it Ron?" Harry said after thinking it over. "You said it yourself, it would be a terrible waste of money and well ...you and your family could really use it." My heart leaped with joy as the conversation finally led the direction that I wanted it to go. After the joy, the guilt set in. I felt an immense amount of guilt pull on my conscience at the realization of what I was doing. I decided to back out before I could go any further. "I would love to, but I have no right. You killed the basilisk, it should be yours." I finished, my conscience winning the battle going on inside my brain. "Just split it." Hermione supplied. At our questioning looks she continued. "It's Harry's by right but Ron would do all the work of harvesting it. This way you work for it and Harry still gets his cut." She continued as if we were both completely void of intelligence. I looked at Harry after she finished. "Works for me." I said with a grin. "Deal. I'll mail them to see if they can supply the containers." Harry said thinking ahead. We finished eating in relative silence. Before I got up to leave, I took pity on Harry because he obviously hadn't figured out the clue to the second task. "Harry, did you know that when mermish is spoke above water, it sounds like screeching? But when it's submerged in water, it's really beautiful?" I said. His face took on a look of confusion. "What are…" He started before it clicked. "The egg." He finally said looking at me. I gave him a wink before I walked out of the great hall. When I got back to the Room after the events of the day I finally started on a subject that I had been waiting a long time to try my hand at. Occlumency. I sat down at the desk and a copy of Guide to Advance Occlumency by Maxwell Barnett landed on the desk. I read through it quite quickly and it didn't say anything that I didn't already know from the books and movies. The most common practice is to clear ones mind when they feel an intruder. It described the advanced method of trying to trick your intruder by giving them false feelings also but it wasn't what I was looking for. I closed the book and set it down when the room took pity on me and another tome dropped out of the sky. This book was much smaller and, just like the other books that had helped me so much, didn't have a name on the outside of it. I flipped to the first page and the title read The Mind Palace by Gellert Grindelwald. This was the first book of his that actually had his name under the title. That brought up the memory from the last time he was brought a mind boggling discovery on casting. Will this be much of the same? It was well known that Grindelwald published many papers and held many masteries. He is hailed as one of the most learned wizards of all time, along with being one of the most dangerous dark lords of all time. I personally don't trust what the history books say. I think he is way more dangerous than Voldemort ever was or will be. Grindelwald was in no way a nice man, he was a dragon amongst sheep. He killed and manipulated the world into the only known wizarding world war, while also instigating the second muggle equivalent. But at the end of the day he failed. His campaign would never have succeeded regardless of if Dumbledore stepped in. Dumbledore only sped up the process in the duel that is hailed as 'the greatest wizarding duel ever'. Voldemort was a glorified terrorist but he was a smart terrorist. The reason why Voldemort is considered more dangerous is because he got closer to succeeding in taking over, he won over most of the people in charge, and killed those he couldn't. He understood how to control the masses with the media, he just put too much stock in prophecy. He was also one of the best duelers to ever live. Dumbledore in his prime was said to have complete mastery over the environment around him through transfigurations, giving him a defense that was supposedly unbreachable. Grindelwald was said to be the fastest caster of all time while having absolute control over the elements, completely offensive in nature. Two extremely differing dueling styles. Voldemort seemed to focus solely on the dark arts, throwing around AK's and other extremely taxing spells without difficulty. This is probably why he's hailed as the most dangerous dark lord of all time, indiscriminate killing and obviously dark spells. Grindelwald almost never used the killing curse in duels, he preferred to destroy them with skill and not overwhelming power. Everyone considered Dumbledore to be too much of a match for Voldemort even in his old age, but Dumbledore barely defeated Grindelwald in his prime. This is the reason I consider Grindelwald more dangerous than Voldemort. I've done a lot of thinking on whether or not I should be learning from such a notorious dark lord. My final decision was that I would continue to do so with the confidence that I could not be corrupted through a book. I am too mentally mature to think about world domination or making muggles our slaves. It is up to the person to determine what he does with the knowledge, it is not the knowledge that makes him do it. Summed it up pretty well. With my mind made up, I turned to the first page and began reading. The mind arts are some of the most advanced pieces of magic that can be practiced. Legilimency, the art of penetrating another mind, and Occlumency, the art of organizing and defending your mind. Occlumency is ,without a doubt, the most important of the two branches. The art of organizing your thoughts has also became a sort of stepping stone for the most influential wizards and witches of all time. The list of notable true masters of the minds arts are Salazar Slytherin, Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, Merlin himself, etc. The list could go on and on. While legilimency's use is unquestionable, it does not boost memory in the user, nor does it improve speeds in which the user thinks. Occlumency, in my opinion, is what truly has helped me become as respected as I am. There are different levels to the art. The most basic is just the clearing of your mind when you feel an intrusion and provides almost no benefit beyond the most basic of defenses. The next level allows one to project false images at an attacker and is no doubt useful. The truth is that most practitioners stop here and do not continue to master the art. These are just the requirements needed to even begin the true art of organizing your mind and enter one's mind palace. The mind palace is truly one of the most marvelous pieces of magic wizards ever stumbled on. There is no recorded history of its discovery, it is shrouded in even more mystery then the deathly hallows. Fortunately, we do know how to enter our mind palace. It requires a simple ritual, more specifically a blood ritual. These types of rituals have been banned for as long as anyone can remember, and for good reason. Luckily this ritual requires only your blood and nothing else, drawn in a specific symbol with your magic acting as the 'fuel', as Muggles like to say. Once this is done, then you will be transported to your mind, your soul, whatever you wish to call it. Once inside, you will have the opportunity to 'organize' your very being. I will not go into any more details on the subject, not until you master the basics of occlumency. The book will show you the necessary exercises to master your emotions and deceive legilimens. After you have completed and mastered the basics, return to the book, you will find the following pages have changed. The ritual and further instructions will show itself to you once it deems you worthy. This book has been my finest work of enchantment. I would not try to dismantle the enchantments, you are not ready for the secrets that lay deeper inside. -Gellert Grindelwald I set the book down as I pondered the information. No one or nothing I've read has ever mentioned a ritual or a mind palace before when referring occlumency. I flipped the pages to check the enchantments and to see if anything more about the ritual appeared. Nothing, only exercises on disciplining the mind. My list of things removed two points and now two more were added. Add harvesting spells and materials and basic occlumency. Continue training your ass off. Learn magic/dueling/everything. Get back into shape. Occlumency Money/basilisk harvest. Moody. Stop Voldemort's resurrection. Well then, I have work to do. A/N: Chapter five in the books. Finally we get into mind magic and the different ways it can be used. Do we like the idea of a mind palace? Interesting chapters ahead. Hate it? Love it? Let's talk! Tell me everything in the reviews!
GUYS I'M SO SORRY! I've been on vacation and I was under the impression that I would have at least some service to login and post the chapter but I was obviously wrong. This is my bad! Anyway, on to the next chapter. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Classes started the next week after the yule ball and almost all of my free time went into learning how to harvest magical creatures and practicing occlumency. I was making very good progress on both aspects. I had been so focused that I had barely had time to respond to Fleur's letters, and we definitely hadn't seen each other since the morning after the ball. Hedwig really was enjoying the workouts and treats. It took awhile for me to really notice the effects of the ritual but now that classes started again, it was obvious. I had to study less and less, especially if I paid attention in class and the material was interesting. Homework was done almost without researching, I was so far ahead that the assignments wrote themselves. I read most chapters once and the information just stuck, and when it came time to use it, it was readily available. My grades were constantly getting better. I still wasn't top of the class, but that was because I didn't spend the time to actually try. Most of my free time went into getting ahead and practicing magic. It honestly didn't even matter until O.W.L.'s anyway so I didn't care that much about the top spot. That wasn't even the best part of the effects either. The aspect that really improved was the speed at which spells were cast. My mind was very fast to switch between the spells and my new hand eye coordination meant that wand movements were precise with hardly any deviation. The wand movements become ingrained after a few tries of casting a spell. Most spells I only had to try once to get to work properly and then a few more tries to get them to cast silently. I was starting to get into the really useful spells for dueling, although only the shield charm had been completely mastered. My thoughts were broken as the training dummy across from me reformed itself after its destruction at my latest spell. I readied myself to perform the spell again. My right arm drew back around my left shoulder and upon passing my head fire sprouted from the tip. I swung my wand back down in a whipping motion, the fire from the tip of my wand expanded and formed into a whip and it flew through the air. As soon as it reached its destination, it snapped and sliced into and through the chest of the training dummy. The dummy reformed again and I sent a basic knock-back jinx followed by a bombarda at the ground which caused debris to shoot into and around the dummy. Before the debris could even land they were transfigured into twenty arrows and summoned back towards me. Most of them found their way into the dummy and the ones that didn't were continuing towards me. Before they could reach me and peirce me, they were transfigured again into a wooden shield which levitated and circled around me, ready to intercept any AK's thrown my way. Everything was done silently and within ten seconds. It was a basic routine I developed to practice control over some of the basic spells while also getting used to incorporating transfiguration into my dueling style. I was shooting for a combination of Dumbledore and Grindelwald but I doubt I would reach their level anytime soon if at all. Their raw knowledge and experience is just too much. I cast a quick tempus and turned around. Harry and I were supposed to meet at the front gate of Hogwarts. It was the eighth of January and the containers to hold the harvested basilisk were set to arrive via portkey. Harry ordered them and even fronted the cost of the containers when Gringotts said that there would not be a fee for using their materials. They were planning on buying everything from us anyway. The galleons earned would go into a shared vault for Harry and me to share. Normally Gringotts wouldn't do any transactions with minors but since Harry was technically an adult for the duration of the tournament, they couldn't say no, or at least they didn't want to say no. After everything would be transferred, Harry would retain ownership of the vault and give me free reign to come and go as I please. The paperwork is still being drawn up for when he is a minor again, to make the vault a trust for both of us with no limitations on how much we can withdraw. Basically we agreed to give Gringotts another one thousand galleons to make it so no adult could seize control over the vault once Harry was a minor again. I just had to trust him not to spend any of my share and he had to trust me not to spend any of his share. We were both ok with the details considering we are best friends. I broke out of my thoughts as I noticed Harry and Professor McGonagall waiting for me at the gate. A quick tempus told me that we had another three minutes until the materials arrived. "Hello professor." I said as I walked up to the two. "I didn't expect you here." I said with a look towards Harry. "Yes well imagine the headmasters surprise when he got a letter from Gringotts about your arrangements." She said. "These things have to be approved." Wow we never even thought about getting permission. I thought as I realized our mistake. "Luckily Albus has a particular soft spot for you two." She continued as we didn't respond. "If it were up to me…" Just then a Goblin of no particular importance appeared with a bag in his hand. "Mr. Potter, here are the materials. This portkey is set to activate in exactly one week at the same time. If you finish earlier than that, then you may say this phrase and it will activate it on command." He handed the bag and a piece of paper to Harry, and then he was gone. "Well ok then." I supplied. "Now why you two would need containers normally used to house harvested dragons, Albus didn't tell me but please don't cause any trouble with this." She said as her face softened. We started walking back into the castle in silence. Once we arrived at the stairs we noticed there was a certain someone waiting on us. Albus fucking Dumbledore stood there with a twinkle in his eye and a slight smirk on his face. He didn't say anything at first, then he turned around and walked towards the stairs, who were oddly not moving, and told us. "Come along then." We followed dumbly as McGonagall broke off to go be stern somewhere. "Headmaster, where are we going?" Harry asked. "No don't tell me yet, I want to see if I can figure it out where it is." Dumbledore said out of the blue. I just followed wondering how he figured out we were going down to the chamber. I guess it's not really all that hard to figure it out. Why else would we need harvesting containers. Didn't Harry tell him where the chamber was already? I thought as I watched the eccentric old man lead us to the second floor. "Let's see, all the children were petrified on the second floor." He continued as we stopped off at the second floor. He turned and immediately started walking the correct direction. "And when the chamber was opened for the first time, a student died in a certain bathroom. Ah here we are." He kept muttering to himself as he arrived at the bathroom. "Oooooohhhhhhh hello professor." We heard as Moaning Myrtle flew out of one of the stalls. "Harry." She continued as she waved and somehow got a blush as a ghost. "It's headmaster now Myrtle. How are you?" Dumbledore replied. "How am I? How am I? I'm dead! Ahhhhhhh." Myrtle answered as he upset her and she flew back into the stall. "Now Harry, have I guessed correctly." He continued as if the interaction had never happened. What the fuck is happening right now?! Can we get out of showing him? Harry continued to just stare at the headmaster as if he was a lunatic. Eventually, instead of answering, he hissed out a command at the sink. Apparently not. Not like we have anything to hide really. I thought as my panic started to die down. The ornate sink moved in the same way it always did except this time, stairs automatically appeared. "Oh my, quite dramatic." He murmured. "Shall we?" He asked turning back to us. "Headmaster, has anyone told you that you are certifiably insane?" I said as I walked past him and down the stairs, with Harry right on my heels. "Yes, quite a few times Mr. Weasley." Was all the response I got. We continued into the chamber and once again the headmaster wouldn't shut up. "Might I also say, I wasn't aware you could dance so well." "I had a lot of practice." I said honestly. "Yes yes, on the seventh floor perhaps?" He continued while I had an inner panic attack. "Having the paintings spy on me headmaster?" I asked deducing how he knew of my activities. Harry looked extremely uncomfortable with the conversation. Is he going to make me stop using the room? "I find that they just report anything they find interesting. I normally have to ask to get any truly good information." He continued and I couldn't help but feel interrogated. "Am I to assume whatever it is you are doing up there is also to thank for the improved performance in your classes?" I didn't answer, instead I just turned to look at him as he pulled information out of me without even trying. "Am I in trouble Headmaster?" I asked deciding to get to the point. "For bettering yourself? No, my boy, quite the opposite. I am encouraging you to continue." He said bluntly as we arrived to our destination and the basilisk came into view. I looked towards the headmaster to see the reaction on his face. Gone was twinkly eyed grandfather persona. In its place stood one of the most powerful wizards to ever live. The Elder Wand was in his hand quicker than I had seen anyone draw. "Harry my boy, tell me that is not the basilisk you had to face." Dumbledore said. Does he really not know of what happened down here. I thought to myself as I took in his reaction. He's realizing that Harry is only alive based on pure luck. "I told you it was big." Harry said in response. "I don't think you two understand the danger you were in that night.." Dumbledore continued. His wand was no longer in his hand. "We definitely didn't, I am not sure that I do now either." Harry responded. "How do you plan on harvesting it?" Dumbledore asked him. I decided to cut in since I had done all of the research. "Well the only valuable parts, that the wizarding world knows of, is the skin, the eyes, and the venom." I paused before continuing. "But since it doesn't have it's eyes, courtesy of Fawkes, all we have to do is skin it and extract the venom. Both are fairly easy to do if only time consuming." I didn't answer instead I walked over to Harry and got the back that was no doubt expanded on the inside to hold all the materials. "Would it be possible to acquire some of its blood? For alchemic purposes?" Dumbledore asked as he revealed the true reason he why he accompanied us down here. My eyes widened and I paused what I was doing before I got an idea. "For the right price." I said completely seriously. Harry turned to me in shock. "Ron.." "Of course." Dumbledore cut in interrupting Harry as the twinkle returned to his eyes. "It can't be too much, considering it is useless right now. We don't even know its uses yet or if it has any at all." "Absolutely, that is why we" I said pointing at us "would only ask for a promise of a future favor. One that comes with no questions asked." "I have the right to refuse if it is too drastic. Anything within reason, you have my word on." "Deal. You can have it all." I answered as I began levitating the huge containers designed to hold the skin. There were at least ten of them in the bag. There were also countless amounts of vials for the venom. Finally after getting it all out and setting it up, I walked down to the tail of the basilisk. If I was going to mess up, it would be at the smallest part of the skin. Taking a moment to think I started stripping down to just my pants, didn't want to mess up the school robes afterall. When I was done I noticed Dumbledore eyeing the wand holster on my wrist with interest and I realized he could see both of my wands. Deciding that there was nothing I could do about it I drew my main wand and approached the beast. I also grabbed the tape measure that the goblins supplied but I have absolutely no knowledge of why they sent it. My questions were answered as it shot out of my hand and drew itself out about eight feet and landed on the basilisk. Well that makes this easier. At my mental command a shimmer of air appeared around the tip of my wand. It's a spell that is used for surgery most of the time, it creates an extremely sharp knife at the end of it. The practical aspects of it went beyond just surgery obviously but it was mostly used for precision. Then I got to work. I cut along the edges of the tape measure very slowly, the skin actually provided a fair amount of resistance so sawing motions were necessary during some parts. I found that the first time I cut it was too shallow and didn't actually reach the muscle so I had to start over. The ethereal knife grew in length out of my wand and I started again. Once the hide was sufficiently cut, the tape measure moved to the next dimensions. Luckily it was a Sunday and barely noon because it took me six straight hours of cutting to get to the neck. Harry and the headmaster were talking about nothing the whole time and watching me from comfortable seats the headmaster conjured up. After a sufficient amount of skin was taken off, the headmaster decided to start collecting his samples of blood. He was obviously expecting us to let him take the blood when he came down because he had vials ready to go hidden somewhere in his robes. He drained the beast way before I was finished and began levitating the hide into the bins for me. It was obvious to me that the headmaster wouldn't leave us alone while we did it so I mostly ignored the two of them while I worked. The Venom was the easiest to extract actually. The goblins provided a tool that is normally used on acromantulas to extract their venom, all I had to do was penetrate the sack and fill up vials. After everything was said and done I sat down, exhausted from the days work. It was mentally draining to keep the spell up the whole time and also controlling it to make sure it went deep enough. "That was impressive wand work Mr. Weasley. I noticed that you have begun doing everything silently." Dumbledore said and I sensed a question in there somewhere. "Yes sir, everything I know I can do silently." I told him honestly since he was so helpful earlier. "Interesting, it wouldn't be a stretch to assume you are ahead in your studies then either?" He continued. I only nodded at him. "I am about half way through next year in all of the wand classes. " I answered seeing no reason not to tell him since it was only the three of us down here. It was all true too, the ritual had unbelievable boons. Now that everything came easier, the school material was breezed through. Occlumency was the only thing proving at all difficult, and I was becoming better and better at controlling my emotions and making my mind blank. "Seriously?" Harry asked skeptically. I decided to get dressed as they asked me questions, I only nodded in response to Harry's question. "Perhaps a demonstration is in order?" Dumbeldore said as he pointed to his conjured chair from earlier. "Could you vanish this for me? Silently of course." My wand was back in my hand immediately and I vanished it with a quick motion silently. I sheathed my wand smoothly as soon as I finished the spell. Harry's jaw was on the floor and Dumbledore's eyes were twinkling like mad. "Very impressive Mr. Weasley. Your academic improvement has been noted amongst the staff but nothing has led us to believe this level of proficiency." Dumbledore said. I didn't know what to say. It's not enough. I thought as I remember who I was going up against in the future. "Will we need the body for anything else headmaster, Harry?" I asked not wanting it to start decaying and stinking up the chamber, while also directing the conversation in another way. The look in the headmasters eye let me know that it wasn't the last I would hear of it. Harry was the one to answer. "No, I've already got a souvenir, don't need any more." He said pointing to the scar on his arm. "Would you do the honors then headmaster?" I asked. He was obviously in a good mood after the days events and in an impressive display on wandwork, a ring of fire appeared and approached the head of the snake first. I expected it to slow down and not do a good job of burning the corpse but it went unhindered down the full length of the beast and soon enough there was nothing left but ash. A flick of the Elder Wand and the ash was promptly vanished. "In order to rise out of the ashes, the phoenix first must burn." I quoted as I stood up and grabbed the bag containing the remains of the basilisk. "Very poetic Mr. Weasley. Now, would you like to deliver the package now or later?" He asked. I looked to Harry who shrugged. "Might as well get it over with." The three of us continued in silence as we walked out of the chamber and towards the main gate. Once we arrived, I wasted no time in beginning. "Grab hold." I said and Harry drew the piece of paper out of his robes. Once all three of us grabbed the rope that doubled as the portkey, Harry spoke the words. "Vault 301." The headmaster and I landed on our feet on the pristine marble floors of the bank. Harry was sprawled out under us. He's still terrible at magical travel. "Name?!" A goblin from the archway barked before we could react. "Harry Potter and Ron Weasley, we have.." I started before being interrupted. "Follow me." He said before I could continue explaining what we were doing. All three of us moved towards the entrance as we obeyed him. "Only the account holders!" He barked out once more. Dumbledore just turned and sat down on one of the many benches on the wall and pulled out a book from nowhere. Soon enough we were led to Griphook's office as he was Harry's account manager and got assigned the new account by default. "Mr. Potter, sign here, here, and here." "Mr. Weasley, sign here, here, and here. Excellent, here is the key to your vaults, the money will be transferred after we do an appraisal of the goods you have delivered to us. As we discussed, two hundred thousand galleons will be transferred if we are satisfied. Good day." It took us less than five minutes before we were back on Hogwarts grounds and walking through the front gate. "A productive day wouldn't you say?" Dumbledore said as we began walking inside. That's one way of putting it. I thought as we reached the great hall. "Mr. Weasley would you mind staying behind for a moment." Dumbledore asked as we were about to part ways. "Yes sir." I answered not letting my irritation show at being denied food and sleep. "It will be quick, I promise." He said in response. Maybe my irritation did show. "What is is headmaster?" I asked when Harry parted from us and headed to the gryffindor table. He produced a book from his robes, a very familiar book, one without a title or name on the front of it. The Mind Palace. My memory supplied as I recognized it as the book I had been studying everyday since it's discovery. My face must have shown my thoughts because Dumbledore spoke. "Ah, so it is you." He said. Panic gripped me for the second time today. My thoughts raced as I realized where the room had been getting the books from. "Yes." Was my only response. "How? While you displayed casting beyond your years today, you are no match for the wards around these books. " He asked eyeing me without his grandfather persona. "No one can hear us right now, they will only hear whispering." He added as he noticed I was looking around us at the students walking around us. I made the decision that honesty was the best course of action when dealing with the situation. "There is a room on the seventh floor, I call it the Room of Requirement. There is no door, it appears when you are in need of it. I hadn't figured out where the books it supplies come from but now I theorize that it is from anywhere within Hogwarts." I answered. Realization dawned on his eyes as he heard my explanation. "Have you read any of the other books from this author?" "Yes, two more. A Beginners Guide to Casting For The Learned and The Road to Legendary Casting. I heeded all of the warnings I promise, and I haven't performed the ritual." I continued to tell him the truth. His body seemed to sag, whether in relief or from something else I couldn't tell. He looked like he aged another twenty years as sadness gripped his eyes. "We will talk more of this later, promise me you will be careful with this information." "I promise." "Good." Was his only response as he put a hand on my head and moved to enter the hall, looking every bit of his age. Dumbledore is fucking scary. A/N: Wow that was the longest scene I've written without any line breaks in it. What does everyone think of the developments? Scary Dumbledore, but is he good or evil? What do you think he will do now that he knows what Ron is up to? I think Ron learned a good lesson from this. He learned that people are keeping tabs on him and that he hasn't been covering his tracks well enough. He also learned that Dumbledore is not to be fucked with, at all. Impressive wand work huh? Ron is progressing well. Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, This chapter is on time, nothing like last week. Let's see if I can keep this schedule or not. As always, there is an authors note at the bottom, lets talk. Disclaimer: I own nothing. It took Dumbledore another month and a half to summon me for our discussion over the books. It's the twenty-third of February and I suspect he only did it because he was also going to ask me to let myself be put in a stasis at the bottom of the black lake for the task tomorrow. I still wasn't sure on whether or not I was comfortable with it. I already had dinner for the night and I assumed I wouldn't be coming back to the dorms until after the task tomorrow so I only had my wand and clothes on me. Best to be prepared, just in case. "Sherbert lemon." I spoke standing in front of the gargoyle. Stairs rose out of the ground exactly like the hidden study in the Chamber of Secrets. I hopped on knowing what to expect. When I stepped into the room I was met with the faces of the previous headmasters and headmistresses lining the walls, most of whom were asleep. A few of them turned their eyes towards me and followed my path through the office. "Mr. Weasley, thank you for joining me." Dumbledore said as he was shuffling some papers on his desk. "Headmaster." I said with a nod as I sat down in the chair opposite from him. "First off let me say that I'm sorry for the other day. I understand that I could have come across as ...hostile." Dumbledore said locking eyes with me. "It is understandable. That man is not known for good deeds." I answered playing the part of a good student who knows nothing of his headmasters past. "Why do you have them? If you don't mind me asking." I asked before he could continue. His eyes went from apologetic to wistful. "Ah well, that is a story for another time. I called you here for a couple of reasons. One is to say that I trust you with the knowledge in the books. The other is to ask you for help in the second task." He finished. My face broke into a smile without me even thinking about it. "That's great headmaster, those books have helped me tremendously with magic." I said honestly. "I imagine so, they contain very obscure theories on magic. We didn't discover them until we were much older than you." He said deliberately. "We?" I asked with a surprised face. I am such a good actor. He didn't skip a beat, no doubt he wanted to plant seeds for me coming to him for advice in the future. "Yes but that is apart of that story. Maybe I'll tell you one day." I couldn't answer because he started speaking again. "Now the second task is tomorrow. Has Harry figured it out." "Yes sir, he has to retrieve something from the black lake is what we've guessed. There is a colony of Merpeople living there right?" I said truthfully. "Yes, there are, the biggest colony in the country actually. They are surprisingly numerous across the world." He answered. "Am I going to be what Harry needs to retrieve headmaster?" I said speeding the conversation along. "Something along those lines." Dumbledore answered swiftly. "I want to keep my wand on me, in case something happens." I told him not hearing what he said, my mind too busy trying to get its way. "You will be in stasis underwater, there is really no danger." He told me in response to my demand. "I don't like being helpless professor, I want my wand." I told him once again leaving no room for argument. "Of course, what Wizard wouldn't. I must warn you, it could interfere with the spell. Wizards have been known to break out of the stasis unconsciously, any random spikes in magic could affect it and you'd wake up underwater. We both know that magic is profoundly increased when a wand is near." He answered with a wink. I took a moment to think over that information, I wasn't really worried about it honestly, I expected to wake up when I broke over water, not before. He did wield the Elder wand after all. I nodded in response. "Very well, are you prepared?" He said as he pondered the answer. "As I'll eve…" His wand flung into his hand and a red light soared my way faster than I could react. Bloody hell he's fast. I woke up to air slapping me in the face. Cold. My eyes snapped open and my wand flew into my hand at the same time. I realized after a second that I was in water and everything came back to me. The end of the second task. I thought as I started swimming towards the floating stands. I made it two strokes before I realized I didn't see Harry around me. That's weird. I thought trying to remember if it was canon or not. I saw a flight of red light rise from the water and I reacted immediately while the crowd cheered. I ducked my head beneath the water to see what was going on. Around thirty or forty feet below me, Fleur floated waving her wand at what looked to be like a swarm of grindylows. Where is Harry? I thought as another red light shot from her wand and a grindylow stopped moving, stunned. She's being overwhelmed. I thought as I realized she would be overtook soon. I was running out of oxygen but refused to leave until I knew she was safe and I could see Harry. Making the decision, my head breached the water and I took a big gulp of air and silently cast the bubble head charm, a simple spell from the sixth year charm materia, then I plunged my head back into the lake. Instead of seeing Fleur first I noticed Cedric and Krum further in the depths trading spells in an obvious duel, still no sign of Harry. Cho was floating behind Cedric and Hermione was doing the same behind Krum. Time seemed to slow for a moment as Krum was hit with a spell that sent him careening deeper into the lake. Cedric then turned, grabbed Cho and started working his way up to the surface. He stopped suddenly when he noticed Fleur and I could see his wand arm starting to move. I reacted faster and my magic plunged deep into the water, feeling extremely slow in the new element. My magic latched onto my target and I pulled. Fluer was pulled back and brought my direction through the water just as a red spell was about to connect with her. My water whip continued reeling her in and soon enough she arrived. I started to turn around when I saw another red light streak through the water. I would have been hit if it weren't for the slower speeds spells moved through water in. I reacted without thinking and a bright silver shield appeared in front of me and Fleur. Oh this mother fucker. I thought as I locked eyes with Cedric and he grinned, a thought and my shield dissipated. Oh it's fucking on. None of my spell chains applied to the situation so I improvised. A severing charm leapt from my wand, it was followed by a disarming charm and then finally a stunner followed as the last spell. The first was absorbed by his shield but I purposely sent three red colored spells at him. The second spell was also absorbed but I think it was by accident because he shield fell directly after it. He was hit right in the chest with the stunner as it followed directly behind my second spell and I was actually shocked at the ease with which the duel was won. That's it? I thought before I realized the first spell I sent towards him. Then I was hit with worry because my first charm could have done serious harm if it hit, like death if it was the right spot, luckily I could see his bubble head charm still in place and my worries eased. Fleur grabbed my arm and pulled me out of my thoughts. I turned to look at her and her she just smiled. Her eyes darted to my mouth and I could tell she wanted to kiss me but it would pop our bubble head charms. Instead I winked and she pointed up towards the surface. I nodded and we ascended, apparently I sunk a good ten feet during the happenings of the duel. We broke the water and I canceled my charm as we swam over to the floating stands. Harry should still get the points, even if I can't see him. I thought as I arrived at my destination. Then I grabbed onto the ledge and pulled myself up, and was met with the face of Harry Potter, Ginny was standing beside him under a blanket. Wait what? I felt a warmth wash over me as I looked towards the direction the magic came from. Dumbledore winked at me as he turned back to the lake. Wait was Fleur the one who was supposed to rescue me and not Harry? I thought and I remembered what Dumbledore had said the night before. "'Am I going to be what Harry needs to retrieve headmaster?' I said speeding the conversation along. 'Something along those lines.' Dumbledore answered swiftly." It hit me like a truck, I was always going to be what she needed to retrieve. Better me be put in danger than her sister. I thought as I deduced the reason. Even if they claimed we were completely safe, well anything could happen in this tournament. Fleur jumped into my arms and suddenly I was once again covered in freezing water. I didn't complain, in fact, my body reacted and my arms circled around her waist. My mind couldn't help but wonder where the normal smell of vanilla that normally accompanied her was, then I realized she had been submerged the last hour so it was expected. "Thank you!" She said in my ear as she clung on to me. "My pleasure." I said as we separated. I noticed she was looking past me towards where the families were. "Go, we'll talk later." I hadn't seen her since the yule ball and the letters were a poor way of communicating, I wanted nothing more than to take up her time but her family was waiting patiently for her. Just then a hush ran through the whole crowd and I turned to see what was going on. Two bodies had just breached the surface. Cho was coherent and awake while Cedric was still out like a lamp from my stunner. Cho panicked at first but Dumbledore's wand blurred and Cedric was levitated out of the water onto the stage next to me. His eyes were closed but I could tell he was breathing. Instinct took over and I cast a quick reviving spell. It took hold extremely fast since my magic was the one that cause the forced sleep anyway. He bolted upright and I noticed he still had his wand in his hand as he looked around. He eventually saw the situation he was in and lowered his hand. Just then Krum appeared from the depths with Hermione in tow. They were helped on the stage quickly and soon we were all conversing. The judges were huddled together in their box as they discussed the scores. I was off in a corner with Harry as he recalled his journey through the depths. "Fleur and I got there at the same time. I wasn't sure of who I needed to get because obviously everyone that was there is important to me." Ginny blushed during this part of his story. "But Fleur knew exactly who she needed and grabbed you, Ron, fairly quickly before being attacked by some grindylows. That's when I realized that we all had one person to retrieve and that I should try and beat her back to be the first one to return. Krum showed up and snatched Hermione quick before Cedric engaged him in a duel, not sure why, Krum didn't even see him. Took a nasty spell too." Harry continued telling his story. He was obviously recovering from the adrenaline in his system because his speech pattern was a little off. This is when we began to duel. I thought as he told his story. "Then I grabbed Ginny and made off while nobody was looking. Snuck right past you and Fleur mate. What happened when I left?" He asked as he finished his story. "We dueled.." Cedric said coming over to our group. "..and I lost." He finished looking me in the eyes. We have never had a conversation before. I realized as I took in the sight of the handsome hufflepuff. "Got a lucky shot in." I said trying to keep the attention off of me. "Lucky shot mate? I recognized that first spell, nothing nice. Never saw the second two though." Cedric said in response to my failed deflection. "I didn't want to interfere, but well ...you started it." I said grinning at the end of my sentence. "No hard feelings, I'll just have to work extra hard to make up for the loss in points." Cedric answered just as the points were revealed on a magical scoreboard of sorts. "Yea, still one more challenge. Good luck mate." I told him as I looked at the scoreboard. Harry scored forty-five, Fleur scored forty-three, Krum scored forty, and Cedric scored twenty-five. I couldn't help but ponder on the effects of the 'merge' as I saw the scores and how they differed from the books. My presence is causing ripples. I thought pondering on the events of the day. "Dear Ron, Your mother and I just got the results from your end of the semester tests. Congratulations! We are so happy you are finally taking your studies seriously, and just in time for your O.W.L.'s next year. We know how hard it has been for you, your brothers leave big shoes to fill and we thought you wouldn't rise to the challenge. I couldn't be happier about you proving us wrong. I never realized how little your mother and me encouraged you to succeed. I am ashamed to admit it son, it'll change, that I promise. On a happier note, I hear you've been getting to know some of the international students (wink). I know a bit of french myself if you get what I mean. Love, Your father, Arthur. P.s. Sorry it took so long to write, I didn't know how to start." Definitely not gonna cry damn it. Damn teenage hormones. I thought as I finished reading the letter the morning after the second task. I decided to reply to him immediately before opening the next letter, it was nothing special, just thanking him for the kind words and promising to do better from now on. I picked some food out of the breakfast plates and started stacking them on my plate. I haven't eaten yet because I suddenly lost my appetite after the letter, still a little choked up. It took me a few moments to calm down before I opened the next letter who I expected to be from my mother. "Dear Ron, Oh we are so proud of your scores! I knew you had it in you. Minerva has been worried and asking questions about you but I told her not to worry, you were just coming into your own. Now, what is this I hear about your date to the Yule ball? We'll speak on it more in person, but I will tell you this, BE CAREFUL! The Weasley's may not be as respected and prominent as they once were but we are still one of the sacred twenty-eight. Don't let her take advantage of you, I don't want to see my baby hurt. Love, Mom. P.S. Your father doesn't know any french, don't listen to him." I laughed at the last part. I ignored her warning for the most part, it was natural for her to think Fleur had less than honest intentions. In her mind it must look very odd. A seventeen year old triwizard champion veela taking her fourteen year old son. A son who, until recently, had really nothing going for him besides being the best friend of the boy-who-lived. It made sense, if you didn't know the new 'me'. Of course, this is not how I looked at the situation, I'm not some insecure fourteen year old. Mentally, I've lived thirty-eight years. That doesn't translate into me being thirty-eight, in fact I feel more immature than my other life, it's comparable to my college years, maybe twenty or twenty-one. I don't have the time nor patience to not be comfortable in my own skin anymore. I had already lived through that period of my life and am definitely not going back to that anxiety filled pit again. I don't worry too much about the age difference, I had dated and had flings with older women in my past life, even if I couldn't remember their names or faces. People will always talk from the outside, regardless of if it's age, looks, money, etc. People love a good story, but they love seeing other people fail even more. They love to pick apart why someone may not make it and when their right, they say 'I called it', when they're wrong they mentally praise the couple and they say 'I always knew you would make it'. It took me a long time to realize that in my last life. I know my worth, I know who I am, and I know what I can provide. Fuck what anyone has to say about it. I thought as I finished writing a short thank you and basic letter back to my mother. It is the day after the second task and I just finished up eating breakfast, it was a Saturday so the students were very slow to get to breakfast, especially after all the partying the night before. Luckily I could hold my liquor just as well as my last life, if not better because of my younger body and I wasn't affected. I sent my letter off with Pig, the owl gifted to me by Sirius last year, because I didn't trust that old thing that delivered my parents letters. Suddenly I noticed Fleur enter and before I could get her attention, a bag was set down beside me and one of my best friends plopped down beside it. "Ron." Hermione said staring at me. "Hermione." I said back giving her my attention. "You're up early." She said simply, still staring at me. "I suppose? This is the normal time I wake up…" I said with a confused look on my face. "Normal? I remember you sleeping till nearly lunch every Saturday ...until this year." She said suspiciously. "I decided to make some changes recently." I said holding her gaze. "Is there anything you would like to say?" I continued trying to get to the point, she obviously needed something. She didn't answer for a moment, instead her hard gaze softened before replying. "You've changed…" Her voice was very soft, sad even. I was actually shocked into silence when she said that. My mouth opened to respond and closed immediately. I repeated the process a few times trying to answer. "...yes, yes I have." I answered, my mood suddenly changing. I stood up, uncomfortable with the situation. I need to get out of here. I thought as my legs took me to the door of the great hall. I just walked. It must look terrible from her perspective. I thought as I considered why she approached me. We used to be very close, after that whole debacle with me making her cry in first year, then the troll. Our adventures throughout the school years almost guaranteed we would be close. I will freely admit that she is the reason I got half decent grades up until this year. We helped Harry retrieve the philosopher's stone in first year. All the nights spent in the library in second year, trying to crack the chamber of secrets. The scare with Professor Lupin and Sirius. She helped me with my grades throughout all of these times. Then this year I suddenly disappear every night, my grades skyrocket, and she doesn't even know about how much my casting has improved. Is it even something I should worry about? Why do I feel so guilty? My thoughts continued to swirl as I contemplated the problem before me. I'm not the same person. I concluded as I came to the same conclusion Hermione had not a few moments ago in the great hall. People come into your life and sometimes they stay and sometimes you drift apart. It seems that Hermione will be one that will slowly drift away. There just isn't much we can relate on anymore. My thoughts calmed as I came to the conclusion that it was a natural thing that happens. I stopped walking and noticed I was in front of the Room of Requirement, no door appeared. Have I really walked all the way up here? I thought. My thoughts were interrupted by foot steps from the corridor and my wand leapt into my hand. A flash of silver and I recognized who it was, my wand slid back into my holster. "Fleur?" I said surprised. She continued walking my direction and didn't say anything. We locked eyes and I held the gaze as she closed the distance between us. She stopped right in front of me, very much in my personal space. Her hands found their way around my neck and pulled me down. Soft lips enveloped mine as my hands found her waist. We stayed like that for a few moments before she eventually pulled away. "That's for your help yesterday." A/N: Guys, not gonna lie, this measly chapter was difficult for me to finish. The first few scenes up until after the task flew out of my mind onto the page. Everything after that took me forever to finish. Anyway, you guys have been really good with the feedback, let's keep it up. What do you think? Let's talk in the reviews!
Hey everyone, Thanks to everyone for the support y'all have shown. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. "Thanks for your help yesterday." My response was another kiss, a little more heated than the previous one. When we parted I noticed that I must have grown another inch because I definitely wasn't looking at the top of her head the last time we were together. She must have noticed it also. "You've grown." "Puberty." I said with a shrug of my shoulders. "Thank you for that, I really needed it." I said talking about the kiss. "You left breakfast in a hurry, I think everyone saw me leave after you too." She said in response. "Well in that case ...wanna make a quick trip to Hogsmeade?" I asked her. Her face seemed shocked that I asked. "Did you just ask me out on a date?" She responded. Before I could respond, she continued. "Yes, of course. It's about time you asked." "Well then." I said extending my arm out to her. "Shall we." "Oui." She responded linking our arms together and we started walking down the hallway to the stairs. "You're not worried about what people will say?" I asked her, thinking of the rumors that will swirl because she's going on a date with a fourteen year old. "People have always talked about me, regardless of if it's true or not. Only this time it will be." She said appeasing my worries. We continued walking and didn't say anything until we were outside on the path towards Hogsmeade. "My family heard about us going to the Yule ball." I said out of the blue, my mind taking me to the letters I received earlier. "What did they say?" She asked curiously. "They were worried. They don't understand what a beautiful powerful witch would want with a fourteen year old." I replied honestly while also hoping to get a feel of how she felt about the relationship. "What did you tell them?" She asked not taking the conversation the way I wanted it to go. "I ignored it all together. I know my worth, I know who I am, even if they don't see it yet." I answered mirroring my thoughts this morning. "Good." She said. We fell into another comfortable silence just enjoying the walk. "You are not like any fourteen year old I have ever met." She started out of nowhere. "You have ...presence. Plus I get this feeling that you are older than me, it is very odd." She continued. In the middle of her explanation I was suddenly reminded of what was happening. I was letting other people's doubts and insecurities bring up the same insecurities I used to have. Before the 'merge' I was a very insecure person, now it was coming back out. Fuck that. My griffindorish nature did the only thing I could think of, I grabbed her and kissed her, in the middle of the path on the way to Hogsmeade, with a few students around us. "Sorry I was feeling insecure and did the only thing I could to get me out of that mindset." I told her. She locked eyes with me and sent me an absolutely smoldering look, one that woke something within me. "I didn't mind." She said breathing heavily. She like spontaneous kisses, noted. I thought to myself. "Plus in ten years, no one will even care about the age difference." I said out loud as I mentally put a lock on the conversation of our age difference. "Where would you like to go? The pub where all the students go, the other shadier pub owned by Dumbledore's brother, or the sweets store?" I asked. "Sweet shop?" She asked intrigued but not making the decision. "Sweet shop it is!" I answered and she laughed. The day continued that way, we must have went into every shop in Hogsmeade. Eventually the sun started to set and we decided that food was a priority, considering that neither of us had eaten lunch. We found our way into the shady building owned by Aberforth, the Hogs Head Inn. Fleur appreciates a good adventure. I thought as I added it to my mental notepad of her likes and dislikes. Currently it consisted of random kisses, physical contact, laughing sweets, herself, and adventure. The building was just as dirty as described in the books. I never understood why nearly every building was falling apart at the seams in the movies and books. Was it because of the age of the buildings? The building techniques? The materials used? I will figure this out eventually. In fact when I went to the bar I had to break out some of Molly Weasley's cleaning spells on the glass before he poured us two butterbeers. He didn't even bat an eye at the casual way I cast the spells. In fact he seemed used to the behavior. Wizards are so weird. "I changed my mind, I'm not eating here." Fleur said as I sat our glasses down, her nose pointed towards the air. "Hmmm ok then, we'll just finish this drink and go. So are you tired of people asking you what you plan on doing after school yet?" I asked as I set her glass down. "I am not sure, I have been offered a part-time position at Gringotts bank in Diagon Alley but I am not sure if I'll accept or not. It would be a good way to improve my english, which I'm not sure that I need anymore." She finished thoughtfully. "I would like to pursue a mastery in enchanting eventually. I am pretty gifted with it. I don't worry too much, not to sound arrogant but I am extremely gifted in certain areas of magic." She concluded. Yea you put a fucking dragon to sleep with enchanting. Pretty good is right. "Have you thought about it yet?" She asked me. "Yea actually, I'd like to eventually teach defense against the dark arts at Hogwarts. Before that I'll have to get my mastery in it. Maybe transfiguration also? Maybe take a crack at getting electronics to work around magic. Maybe lead a cultural revolution? Who knows?" I said thinking of everything to come while slightly joking. She stared at me for a second before she busted out laughing. "Ambition is attractive to women you know." She said after a moment. "Really?" I said and looked around "Do you see any?" I received a swat on my arm in response. "You don't think I am a woman?" She asked with a sultry look and a raised eyebrow. My brain short circuited at the direction it thought the conversation was going. Stupid hormones. I didn't answer, instead I just matched her gaze. "Did you know that there is a secret passageway back to the castle in this very pub?" I asked changing the subject and giving my hormones a break. She smiled but seemed a little disappointed our game didn't go any farther. "Oh? Tell me more." she said sarcastically. "Do you remember the room?" I asked recalling the Yule ball. "How could I forget. I was wooed by a boy three years younger than me in that room." She responded playfully. She has a great personality. I thought as she kept teasing me. "It should lead us back there." I said in response. "Should?" She asked. "Well I haven't tried it yet." "Are you trying to get me alone Ron Weasley?" She said leaning forward very seductively. I was tired of being cowed by her games so I decided to be a little bold. I leaned towards her also, grabbed her cheeks with my right hand, pushed them together to make her lips more kissable. She was already leaning in with one hand on the arm that grabbed her pulling her towards me. Then right before we were about to make contact I pulled away and stood up. "Well would you like to see it?" I asked as I extended my hand. Her breathing was heavy, her eyes screamed sexual tension and her lips were pouty. Her eyes narrowed and then became resolved. She took my hand and I led her up the stairs and started looking for the portrait of Ariana Dumbledore. It was easily found considering it was as tall as I was. "Hello Ariana, could I have passage?" I asked. Ariana giggled in her painting and held up three fingers. Fleur got the message and started pacing back and forth. The painting swung outwards and a tunnel appeared. "Wow that actually worked." I said aloud. Fleur looked back towards me with a weird look on her face. "You didn't expect it to?" "Well it was fifty-fifty." I responded. We entered and walked a surprisingly short distance until we reached the room that Fleur dreamed up. It was the exact same room that she showed me the last time we were here together, her room at Beauxbatons, surrounded by mountains. "I have missed this." She said as she plopped down on her bed. I found my way over to the seat looking out at the Beauxbatons grounds. I always enjoyed a good view. And the room knows it. I thought as a window appeared above my head to show the night sky in all its glory. Beauxbatons must not have much light pollution. My brain supplied taking in the view and tracing the constellations. "Beautiful." I heard Fleur whisper in my ear. After I realized that she was allowing me a small amount of control over the room, the chair I was sitting on widened and turned into a loveseat with a coffee table appearing in front of it. I felt her sit next to me before I looked at her. "Dobby!" I said a little louder than normal. Soon enough the small elf popped into the room. "Mr. Weasley's? What can Dobby do for the friend of the great Harry Potter?" He said as he noticed us sitting there. "We were a little late for dinner today… I was wondering if you would make us something?" I asked politely. "Of course! Anything for the friend of the great Harry Potter. Oh master Potter's friends are so nice to Dobby." He confirmed with the last part being mumbled to himself but loud enough for us to hear. He popped away after that to retrieve the food. "Ah so Hogwarts does have house elves." Fleur said just as a plate of sandwiches and two butterbeers popped on the table. "What else does Mister Weasley need of Dobby?" He asked as he appeared beside me. Excited little bugger isn't he? I couldn't help but think. "Nothing, thanks." I said as I reached into my purse and gave him a little tip. He grabbed the sickle with wide eyes and trembling hands. I thoroughly enjoyed watching him freak out over it. "Mister Weasley can call Dobby whenever he wants." Dobby said as he popped away to do whatever house elves do. Fleur didn't say anything about the interaction but I did notice her look at me strangely before her hunger kicked in. No words were spoken as we devoured the sandwiches. The food didn't last long and soon we were stretched out on her bed staring at the stars again. We made little comments here and there about the constellations and how beautiful they were but for the most part we just enjoyed each others presence. "I have to get back." Fleur said later on in the night, our position had changed to me flat on my back and her laying on my chest. A quick tempus told me what time it was. "Wow, it's 9:45." I said out loud while we shuffled off of the bed and towards the door. "Do you want me to walk you?" I asked as we stopped before the door. "I am capable of taking care of myself. Just because you out-dueled Hogwarts champion doesn't mean you can keep up with me." She said haughtily. "Mmmm-hmmmm." I hummed as the tip of my wand touched her head, she slowly disappeared before my eyes, showcasing my progress with the spell. I could tell she was moving around trying to look for distortions in the spell but they were minor, signaling a mastery over the spell. "You learned it that fast? No you mastered it…" She said obviously impressed. "You so sure I couldn't take you?" I asked. I don't know how she got so good at kissing me while invisible but that is exactly what she did in response. "You can not take me just yet." She said in a sultry voice while rubbing her body against mine. For what felt like the one-hundredth time that day, her teasing short circuited my brain and I didn't know how to respond. I was always best as the aggressor, I'm supposed to be the one making her speechless, not the other way around. Her laugh echoed in the room as she slipped out and into the seventh floor corridor. "Apparition is an important step to ones growth as a wizard. It also happens to be one of the most useful pieces of magic one can learn. It is very dangerous unless practiced properly. That is why I recommend short distances at first, and a partner to put back together any pieces that fall off. With that being said, there are many ways one can actually apparate. The most common technique is described as disappearing from one location and appearing in another. Hence the names disapparition and apparition. This is also the method that will be taught in this book. The instructions are simple. Picture where you want to go, picture where you want all of you to appear, and then will it. Some say that imagining your magic spinning will help, along with actually spinning your body. It is true that it is one way to trick your mind into focusing on the magic, but a simpler way is to just ...will it." Of course there is no author. I thought as I put down the worn leather bound book. Well no time like the present. My mind willed the room to allow me a space that wasn't warded. I wasn't even sure it would work in the room but I would try. Some might say that I was an idiot for trying it first in the room but I didn't really feel like running outside of the wards just to try it, which is what I will do if it doesn't work. I pictured the spot ten feet from me, grabbed my magic, and willed myself to appear in the spot. *POP* The noise was the start of a feeling that is hard to describe. In the end, Harry described it perfectly in the books It felt like I was being squeezed through space and time through a small tube. I landed on my feet, my bare feet, as in naked. Well I guess I need to focus on bringing my clothes with me too. I thought as I took in my state of undress. Well at least I still have all my body parts. I went about getting dressed again as I became determined to master the magic. I wonder if it will let me apparate out of Hogwarts. As it turned out you couldn't, but the good news is that I now know where the ward lines end around the school. The months leading up to the third task were very productive. I turned fifteen, I mastered apparating, I mastered the disillusionment charm, I was getting closer to mastering the basics of occlumency, my repertoire of spells grew tremendously and I got almost all O's on the classes I cared about, while still scoring high enough on the others to be happy about. I also snuck out one night and took the knight bus to Little Hangleton, it was very small so it was easy to find the graveyard and the headstone. My mastery of apparition and disillusionment was welcome, it was vital to my plans of ending the war before it even began. So far it was a fairly straightforward plan. Sneak off during the third task with use of the disillusionment charm, a spell I had been casting for the better part of four months leading up to the task. I am actually pretty confident that I was one of the most proficient users of the spell alive. Then once I am outside of the ward lines, apparate outside the cemetery where Voldemort is supposed to be resurrected in and wait for Pettigrew and baby Voldy to show up. Take them both by surprise and well…..end the war before it could even start, save countless amounts of lives, go on about my new life. I hoped it would be that easy. No plan ever survives first contact with the enemy. I thought as I sat down in the stands waiting for the champions to be brought out. The hedges of the maze stood in front of us, tall and unwelcoming. They would face many difficult challenges inside. I always wondered why people even showed up to the tasks, it was literally a waiting game. The spectators couldn't see a thing that was going to happen in the maze, just like they couldn't see into the black lake to watch the second task. The first task was understandable, who wouldn't want to see four wizards go up against a dragon. Plus you could actually see the action taking place. I guess not everyone knows what the tasks entail either. I thought in response to my own questions. They're probably hoping it's something they can watch. My thoughts were interrupted by the four champions arriving and getting in their positions. I caught Harry's eye and gave him a nod that he returned. Fleur noticed it and sent me a wink, a smile was all I gave in response. I didn't hear any of the words Dumbledore said before Harry was let into the maze, my heart was pounding in my chest, drowning out all other signs. I stood up as Fleur disappeared next into the maze. "Ron, where are you going?" Hermione asked in response. "I'll be right back, just going to the restroom. Might mingle a little too." I said walking away before she could respond. I got behind the stands pretty soon and made sure no one was around to see me before I cast the charm to make myself invisible. Technically I could have apparated right then and there considering we were outside of the wards. Instead I started walking towards the forest, a place where no one could hear. I was a good two hundred yards from the stands when I finally decided I had made it far enough. Suddenly I felt a wave of magic wash over me, luckily my wand was already in my hand. A silver shield sprung up in front of me towards the destination the wave of magic came from, and just in time too. A red spell connected with my shield, a spell I recognized as a stunner. From the direction it came, Mad-eye shimmered into view as he lowered his disillusionment charm. Mine was already broken by my shield charm. "Good reactions, boy." Moody said, his eye wasn't wondering, instead it was locked onto me. "Come on, Dumbledore told me to come retrieve you." He lied. "We both know that he didn't, you can drop the disguise Jr." I responded, calling him out on the lie. His face hardened, before he smiled, something I hadn't seen him do in all the time he had been teaching us. How could I forget about him. I thought as I realized my stupidity. We both looked to the maze as red sparks flew out of the middle of it. Someone is already eliminated? I have to hurry. "That is interesting. Yes, the Dark Lord will praise me when I bring him the head of the best friend of Harry Potter." He said as he raised his wand. I wasted no time in drawing my wand back and casting a fire whip that would have separated his wand arm from his shoulder. He deflected it away with a swipe of his wand but I was already moving into my next spell. A bombarda was sent his way, right at his feet. He reacted quickly and put up a shield which was perfect for what I wanted. The debris from the spell flew behind him and were quickly transfigured into three arrows, which I willed to fire back at his person. He saw my wand moving and reacted instinctively, ducking and rolling on the ground. Only one of my arrows landed and managed to pierce his thigh. I drew first blood but his experience won out and he shot up from the ground with the tip of his wand glowing green. "Avada Kedavra!" He shouted as a green light burst from his wand. I had already reacted and conjured a silver shield, the same type that Voldemort will go on to conjure against Dumbledore in the ministry atrium. A loud 'GONG' echoed throughout the trees as the spell was blocked. I mentally sharpened the edge and banished the shield in his direction. It shot over his head but the distraction was perfect for me because I sent a stunner right after it. It connected with Moody and he dropped like a sack. I approached and noticed that it wasn't even Mad-Eye Moody anymore, the polyjuice had apparently worn off in the duel because Barty Crouch Jr's body laid before me, unmoving. I grabbed the wand out of his hands and stored it in my robes, not sure if it was the real Mad-Eye's or not. I transfigured a chair and bound his body to the it with conjured ropes. "Fuck, Harry!" I said out loud when I was done. Am I too late? I thought as I noticed there were no more spells lighting up the inside of the maze. I made sure the bindings were still in place, concentrated and then the world twisted. A/N: Sorry about the cliffhanger. What does everyone think about these developments? Did we like the duel? I thought it was very short and one-sided but I also think that Barty was in a different body and had been out of practice for a long time, considering his time in Azkaban. Not to mention he wouldn't expect such skill from Ron. Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Here is the latest chapter, it picks up immediately where we left off last chapter. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Let's talk! Disclaimer: I own nothing. I appeared outside the cemetery and immediately cast the disillusionment charm. I couldn't run or the spell wouldn't hold so I started quickly walking, going at the fastest pace possible to keep the charm up. I rounded a particularly large tomb and then I could see them. Fuck! Pettigrew was clutching at his new stump of an arm and a pale skeletal figure was strutting around in front of a group of robed figures. I'm too late. I thought as I took in the sight of Voldemort and his death eaters. I started moving slower, knowing that he would recognize the shimmer of a fast moving disillusionment charm. My mind was racing at a fast pace, trying to make something of the situation. I could try and catch him off guard and just kill him. I'm not even sure I can cast the killing curse, and that's the only thing that is fast enough to work. I thought. I continued to get closer as I was thinking and saw the body of Cedric Diggory laying unnaturally still, not breathing. No. I thought taking in the sight before me. I was around thirty yards from Voldemort himself and I could finally see him as he turned around. His face was pale and stretched thin over his bones, his eyes were red, and his nose was nonexistent. He is an abomination. I couldn't help but think My mind continued to race a mile a minute as I took in the sight, looking for a way to salvage the situation. I kept creeping closer and closer, and eventually I was standing off to the side of the death eaters, at an angle to strike at Voldemort if I needed to, while also staying out of the path of any spells that may be flung. I can't do anything ...I have to wait it out. I thought as I came to the conclusion to not act. If I see it go bad, then I'll intervene. I thought as I tuned into the conversation. Apparently I had been lost in my thoughts because Pettigrew was undoing the bonds on Harry and gave him his wand back. "You've been taught how to duel. Harry Potter? We bow to each other, Harry. Come, the niceties must be observed...Dumbledore would like you to show manners...Bow to death Harry." Voldemort said as his wand flickered and a word was whispered across the wind. Harry obeyed and his upper body lurched forward into a bow, before he snapped back upright and brought his wand up. "Very good, and now you face me like a man ...straight backed and proud, the way your father died…" He took in a breath before he finished. "And now, we duel." A cruciatus curse flew through the air and connected with Harry. His screams echoed across the cemetery. I looked away, unable to stomach how much of a coward I was for not stopping him. My eyes locked onto Peter, admiring his hand with awe and immediately I came up with a plan. "I WON'T!" I barely heard Harry shrug off Voldemort's imperius. Instead, I began moving again, slowly. I had to get to the opposite side where I had a good view of Pettigrew. I saw Harry dive behind a headstone. I didn't hear any of the dialogue, instead I was focusing myself for what I was about to do. "Expelliarmus!" "Avada Kedavra!" The red and green beams of light connected and immediately turned into a pure gold color. Priori Incantatem. I thought taking in the rare phenomenon. The death eaters were scrambling around, yelling to their master for instructions. "Do nothing." Voldemort yelled to them, obviously interested in the new development. They obeyed him but all of them had their wands in their hands. Wisps of grey smoke broke out from their wands and started forming into shapes that I knew would be the distraction for Harry to get out of here. I mentally started preparing myself. It felt like an eternity before I heard the words. "NOW!" The golden light ripped apart and Harry took off in the opposite direction as me, towards Cedric's body. My disillusionment fell off of me in response to my wishes. "Stun him!" I heard Voldemort shout as soon as I acted. I took aim and sent a stunner, followed by a summoning charm. The red light flew true and hit Pettigrew in the back, and soon his body was sent hurtling through the air towards me. Time seemed to slow down because when Pettigrew was about half way through the air, I saw Voldemort turn to me, no doubt feeling the magic. His eyes widened and his wand rose. I sent him a smirk right before Pettigrew touched my outstretched hand. Then the world twisted. I landed in a heap, with Peter's fat frame landing on top of me. I heaved, trying to get the air back into my lungs. After I successfully caught my breath I began to look around for my other prisoner. At the same time, a scream rang out from the stadium. Harry is back. "Impressive. Although he always was an idiot." I heard Barty say from the exact spot I left him. My wand was up and pointed at him before I realized he was still in the chair, bound. I was actually surprised he hadn't managed to escape. "Impressive magic. I thought for sure I would be able to escape, but the chair wouldn't tip over, and I'm pretty sure my left arm is dislocated. Wouldn't mind letting me out would ya?" Barty said in response to my questioning gaze. He was right, it looked like the ropes had dug in very very tight and were still squeezing. I guess my magic reacted to my will, and I didn't want him to move. Maybe I wanted to hurt him too? I didn't want to let him out but I didn't want him to suffer needlessly so stunned him once again. I need to think. There were still cries coming from the stadium although there were quieting once everyone realized that there was a dead boy laying before them. I couldn't save him. My brain supplied as it continued to run through appropriate scenarios to get out of this mess. Worst comes to worst. I do still have a favor I can call in from Dumbledore. Eventually I came up with a decent plan, one that hinged on Harry not being present for it. I stunned my two prisoners once more for good measure, then I bound and disillusioned Pettigrew behind a tree in case the magic wore out and started sprinting towards the stands. As I got there I noticed Harry being escorted away by Snape. Dumbledore was talking to Fudge about the incident no doubt. "Professor! Headmaster!" I yelled as I sprinted up, getting everyone's attention. "Professor Moody attacked me, and then it wasn't Professor Moody, and then I reacted and now he isn't moving." I started yelling distraughtly. My acting really is superb. Off to the side, I noticed Harry turn toward me but Snape kept leading him away. Dumbledore was the first to react, as usual. "Calm down Mr. Weasley. Where is he?" He responded without the usual twinkle in his eye and the Elder Wand in hand. "This way." I said waving my arm and leading him and a few other wizards towards the sight of our duel. Aurors? It didn't take long to arrive on the scene and I thanked my guardian angel for them both still being stunned and bound. "Barty?" I heard Fudge mutter as he took in the sight of the unconscious wizard. The body took all of the attention off of me and somewhere in the back of my mind I was alerted to the ring on my finger, the one that was supposedly illegal for a minor to possess. I waited for everyone to put their full attention on the body before slipping it off my finger and into my robes. "He's still breathing." I heard one of the other wizards tell everyone. "But he's pretty banged up." "You did this kid?" A tall black man turned to me and asked. "Like I said, I just reacted. I didn't hurt him did I?" I said putting on my distressed fifteen year old face. "He'll live." Was all I got in response. "Ron, come on. The aurors will take care of Mr. Crouch. Let's attend to Mr. Potter." Dumbledore said from beside me, placing a hand on my shoulder. I looked up at him and made the faintest nod and trace of my eyes to where the body of Pettigrew laid, invisible. He met my eyes and suddenly I could feel something touching my mind. I compiled and sent him images of exactly what I wanted him to know, then I cleared my mind, as my occlumency lessons had been teaching me. To any outsider, it would appear as if his face didn't move at all, but his eyes told a completely different story. It wasn't a disappointed or even a surprised stare but an almost accusatory one instead. 'POP'. I heard from behind us, the aurors had taken the body back to wherever they take prisoners. Azkaban. My mind supplied. "Minister, I must see Ron back to his family. We will meet to talk in the morning?" Dumbledore half asked, half told Fudge. "What?! We must talk about this at once." Fudge responded, no doubt wondering about his position as minister. "My first priority is to my students. I'm sure you can understand, I'm afraid I must insist." He said with a tone of finality. Fudge gave me a look, one of rage, turned and disapparated. Dumbledore was moving instantly. He rounded the tree quickly. A wave of his wand and Pettigrew appeared for a moment and then turned invisible again. "Grab my hand." He stated and I wasted no time in complying. A flash of flame and the feeling of being misplaced in space and time was the only thing I felt for a moment. I landed on my feet in the middle of Dumbledore's office. I looked around and most of the artifacts were still in the same place. "Ron?" Harry asked from his seat in the room. Snape was in the corner looking at his forearm and tracing the lines on the now obvious dark mark. There was a shaggy black dog sitting next to Harry also. Sirius. Dumbledore slowly moved over to his seat and sat down, he melted in the seat as he released a very large breath of air. It lasted for a second before he straightened up and turned towards Harry. "What happened?" Dumbledore spoke. Snape's head whipped around at the noise and became very engrossed in the conversation. "He's back, Voldemort is back!" Harry exclaimed. "How? Tell me everything my boy, start from the beginning." Dumbledore replied. Harry obliged him, starting from when he went in the maze. He told them how he used the point-me spell to help guide him through the maze, how he ran into Cedric, and faced the sphinx, and how they touched the cup together. Didn't Barty help Harry throughout the maze? He couldn't have had time, did he imperius someone? I thought realized he wouldn't have enough time with dueling me. I was interrupted by Dumbledore. "And you, Mr. Weasley? What really happened?" Is Harry done already? I thought in response. "I was sitting in the stands next to Hermione, when someone tried to cast the imperius on me. I quickly made an excuse to get away from the rest of the students, because I wasn't sure if the culprit would try again. I should have gotten a professor, but I decided to lure them away from my classmates and deal with it myself. It was professor Moody, he cast something that I could feel, not sure what it was but after that a stunner came flying through the air but I was prepared." I paused a second to collect my thoughts and recall the duel. "I blocked it an…" I was interrupted before I could continue. "You blocked it?" The familiar drawl of Snape met my ears. "Yes sir, the protego charm." I answered respectfully. "And then…" He said back to me. "He must not have expected me to block it because he only sent the one spell, I attacked him with a disarming and stunning spell, he blocked the first and the second hit. Then when I walk over to him, it wasn't professor Moody at all, but that man that you saw headmaster." I finished nodding to him. "And Pettigrew?" Dumbledore cut in. "He apparated next to us, and I just reacted and stunned him. Maybe he was sent to check on that other guy, what was his name?" I asked. "Barty Crouch Jr., a notorious death eater. He was supposed to be in Azkaban." Dumbledore answered me. "Maybe Voldemort…" They both flinched at the name. "...sent him to check up on Barty?" I asked. "A sound theory." Was the only response I got. "It's good right, this is Sirius' freedom." I said happy at the development. Everyone seemed relatively surprised I said that to them. Then Dumbledore's face split into a smile. "Let me make a floo call." Finally. I thought as I spotted the familiar distortion of air that signalled the disillusionment charm. "You look beautiful." I said to the shimmering air. "You haven't even seen me yet." The familiar voice of Fleur sounded out as the charm dropped. Mine dropped at the same time and I was on her in no time. It was the first time I had initiated any kiss or physical affection, normally she is the aggressor. "Mmmm hello to you too." She greeted playfully. "Sorry, I was worried about you." I responded honestly. Her eyes narrowed at me in the night. "I am not some flower that will wilt and die without a fight. I may not be a prodigious dueler like you but I can hold my own." She said getting her point across. "I know, I can't help it." I gathered myself. Ok pull yourself together, she's ok, enough vulnerability. I told myself straightening up and hardening myself a little. "I have good news." She said after a little bit of just embracing each other. "Oh?" "Gringotts offered me a position this summer, and I accepted." Oh. I thought as my stomach dropped. That's supposed to be good news. That's also where she will meet my brother. My traitorous thoughts supplied. "I'll be closer to you." She elaborated. Obviously my thoughts had leaked onto my face. I quickly smiled at her to show I was happy. "That is good news." I supplied while beating back my insecurities screaming at me from the back of my mind. I gave her another kiss. "I have something for you." "Oh, is that what I keep feeling in your robes?" She said with a smile. "I have a lot of things I want to give you in these robes ...but this is what I mean." I said pulling out a journal. I was rewarded with a smile and a confused look. "Thanks? I think." "It has a twin, anything you write in here will be transferred to mine. It also has a charm to ring whenever someone has written in it, that can be linked to a piece of jewelry, if you aren't always near it to hear it chime." I said as I held up my own copy of the journal. She snatched her copy out of my hand and then jumped into my arms again. Our lips met again but not like the times before. Before it was passionate, not this time. It was primal, raw, and an extreme turn on. My body reacted, and my right hand dropped and grabbed a handful of her perfect ass while my left wrapped itself around the back of her neck to deepen it. She absolutely melted at the attention. Her moan brought me back to reality and I decided to end our little display before we went too far on the lawn of Hogwarts. "What are you doing to me Ron Weasley?" A rhetorical question obviously. I didn't respond and she didn't want me to. "My parents have figured it out." She continued after I didn't answer. "I don't think they think it's you, but it'll be easy to figure out. They'll want to meet you soon." I actually smiled at that, those meetings always made memories, whether good or bad. "Ok, when?" "I don't know. I have never brought a boy home." She replied honestly. "My parents have no idea. I haven't seen them since the start of the term." I responded. "They will find out quick this summer." I continued. I felt her smile against my chest. "We'll schedule our meetups in the journal." "Ok. I should be getting back, they'll be looking for me." Fleur told me, her body tightened its hold on me. "We'll see each other soon." "Mum, dad, it's good to see you." I said looking at my parents who I hadn't seen since the beginning of the school year. Molly embraced me first and then dad. "Oh Ron, we are so proud of you." "Thanks mum. Couldn't slack off for forever right?" I said earning chuckles. "Don't forget us Ronnikins, you think you can ignore us for the whole year and get away with it?" The twins sounded out from behind me. Shit. A/N: Whelp, somehow Ron salvaged something out of the situation he was in. Story will get progressively AU from now on guys, obviously there will be some constants but…. Well you'll see. Do we like how things turned out? Let's talk about it in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Another chapter ready to go for you. Let me know what you think. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. I woke quickly, the smell of bacon and the sound of yelling. So much orange. I thought as I took in the sight of my room on the fifth floor of the Burrow. Without hesitation my wand fell into my hand and I checked my ring to make sure it was still on my left index finger. Once I confirmed that yes it was, my wand cut through the air. All of the posters on the wall seemed to shudder before peeling off of the walls and flying towards me before hovering in the air. Another flick and they were all vanished. The only things that still sported the ugly orange color was the sheets and part of the comforter on the bed. My wand absolutely vibrated in my hands, purring at being used again. Ever since the events at the end of the third task, it had been more eager than ever to channel my magic. The book was right about Blackthorn, you need to pass through hardship together to truly bond with it. I thought remembering the excerpt from the book I had read earlier in fourth year. Interesting. I concluded returning to my room. I didn't feel like going through this cleaning process the night before, I was too tired after staying up late catching up with the rest of the family. I feel lucky I wasn't woken by the smell of a dungbomb, or by some other sticky substance courtesy of the twins pranks. They haven't started yet. Or they're going to torture me by never actually pulling a prank but making me think they would therefore driving me mad. I shook my head and focused on what I was doing, getting ready for the day. It took me no time and with a few waves of my wand, my mouth was cleaned more efficiently than a toothbrush ever could. I started my descent down the stairs. The twins were already downstairs, Percy was either downstairs or at work and Ginny's door was closed, telling me everything I needed to know. Mum was running around the kitchen preparing breakfast for the family and the twins were annoying her from the dinner table in their pajamas. No doubt the yelling from earlier was them apparating in and startling her. "Goodmorning." I rang out to announce my presence. "Morning Ron, want a plate? I have some bacon and biscuits ready, Jam? Yeah?" She replied fixing a plate together without hearing a response. "Sounds wonderful, mum." I replied sitting down next to the twins. "Fred, George." I said with a nod to each of them. "Ronniekins." They said in unison with a devilish smile on their face. "Mum, any word on Sirius' trial?" I asked her as she set my plate down in front of me. "They approved the emergency trial last night, it will be today, sometime in the afternoon, according to the paper, at least." She replied. Before I could ask about when Harry would be allowed to move in, the sound of apparition met my ears from outside the house. My wand flew into my hand on instinct and I was lucky everyone's head turned to miss the action. Bill didn't even bother knocking, instead he just walked in, as is his right. I always considered him Molly's favorite son, although the twins might be tied with him. "Bill!" Mum said as she squeezed his neck. "When did you get in?" She asked. He's been out of the country most likely. I thought at their interaction. "Late last night actually, crashed at a mates place. Didn't want to bother you." He said with his roguish smile and his earring dangling from his ear. "You know it would be no bother young man. You're always welcome in this house." Molly replied, setting a plate down in front of him. "How long are you in?" She asked. "A long time I imagine, with the order being reformed and all." He said casually. Molly stopped what she was doing completely, the dish she was cleaning fell into the sink and clanging against another. Another second and she picked it back up, to furiously scrub on it. I glanced at my eldest brother from the corner of my eye. He kept his gaze on her, testing to see how she would react to the news. Obviously she had been kept out of the decision to include him in the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore's band of vigilante's. "Don't speak of that in front of the children." She replied simply. He turned to face me and gave me a wink. "And you, I thought you would be taking your summer in France." He said with a laugh. Traitor. I thought as he brought up the subject I knew Molly would latch on to. He knew it too, to deflect the attention on someone besides himself. I laughed with him despite the situation, it was kind of funny. "Ronald. Have you been seeing that Veela!?" And there it is. I thought getting angry. I quickly shut that lid because my anger wouldn't help in this situation. Occlumency lessons are paying off. "Yes." I said simply, deciding to tell the truth. "I thought my letter would have made it clear about my feelings on the subject." She said quickly. "Mum, to be perfectly honest with you. I couldn't care less what you or anyone else think of my relationship." I said simply, once again being perfectly honest with her. I drew the gaze of everyone that time, and once again Molly stopped cleaning the dishes at the disrespect. I wince a little. I could have said that better. I realized. Bill's eyes flickered from mine to the stairs behind me, where our father, Arthur stood. Great, here it comes. No one said anything. He walked forward, obviously smoldering inside. "Outside." He said simply to me. I wasted absolutely no time in standing up, completely cool and following him. I may have been a little disrespectful, but I stand by what I said. The worst thing about all of this is that it will be viewed as teenage rebellion. I thought as we finally breached the door. He was still facing away from me when his wand flipped up and I tried my best not to react but mine flew into my hand also. I knew he was only casting the silencing spell he always cast whenever we were in trouble and were about to get a tongue lashing, but my wand was just so eager to unleash my will. The spell took hold around us and almost immediately I could feel it drop. I turned to look at why that was and I could see Bill had moved closer to the window and tapped his earring with his wand. Fucking curebreakers. I couldn't help but think. Arthur didn't even seem to notice it drop. Dad can't feel magic? My wand whipped and I set up my own privacy spell, a fairly powerful one if I do say so myself. I kept my eye on Bill and I saw his eyes widen before locking eyes with me. I sent him a wink just as he had to me earlier. He smiled before he turned back towards the house, hopefully to mind his own business. Arthur still hadn't begun to speak or even turn around, so I decided to speak first. "I agree." I said simply. He turned to me at that. "Agree to what?" He responded. "That was fairly disrespectful. I could have said it better." I told him. "Yes, you could have. Don't think I didn't hear what she said either, I told her it wouldn't go like she wanted. I'll talk to her later." He said getting his thoughts in the air. Oh so he is mad at the situation in general, not just what was said. "I don't need the hostility father, I need your support. Once it becomes public knowledge, everyone else will handle the hostility." I told him. "We just want what's best for you, I'm not sure if I agree with your mother but she has a point." He responded. "I know, and if I make a mistake then that's fine. But it's my mistake to make." I continued. "I am fairly certain that I am not making a mistake by the way." I added in there at the end when I finished rambling. He looked me up and down then, and his eyes softened. "My boy is becoming a man." He said as he embraced me in a hug. I'm almost as tall as him. I thought in the middle of the hug. "I have something to show you dad." I said letting him go. "It's at Gringotts." I finished. "Well I am off today and tomorrow. We could go after breakfast yea?" "Sure." "Name!" "Ronald Weasley." I answered the yelling goblin in front of me. "Key." I handed it over like the good little wizard the goblin thought I was. "Follow me." I went first and then Molly and Arthur. We were led into a cart and I realized that it was the first time I had been to the vault now belonging to Harry and I. Soon we were led to the vault and the goblin stayed at the cart as I led them to the vault door. The key was accepted and the vault doors slid open. I stepped back to let them get a good view of the pile of galleons that lay in the middle of the floor. "What is this Ron?" They asked me. "This is a vault that Harry and I share." I told them. "The total is two hundered thousand galleons, split in half between the two of us." I paused letting them take in the amount. "In second year, Harry killed the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets. That is where it stayed until we went back down there last year. I had an idea, what if we tried to harvest it and sell the materials. Well it turns out that Gringotts is more than willing to be the middleman between the sellers and buyers. I earned my half by actually doing the harvesting of the basilisk, I skinned it and I collected the venom, gringotts sold it all for us. Now we are two-hundred thousand galleons richer. Well a little less than that." I finished. Neither said anything for a while. Eventually it was Arthur that spoke up. "We will give it back." He said after he digested it all. "You have no say in it. Neither of you do." I told them. I hated doing it to them but I knew they would react this way. "We aren't a charity case Ron, we are giving it back!" He shouted. It was one of the only times I have heard him actually raise his voice. A year ago I would have cowed before him but ...well, things have changed. "He didn't give me the money, I earned it. He was going to have it destroyed, and then no one would have benefitted from it at all." I answered his raised voice with one of my own. "I don't give a damn! Give me the key." He demanded. "You don't have the authority, Harry was emancipated for the duration of the tournament. My name is on this vault, legally. Even if you tried to take this to court, Harry is no longer an adult. You would never win, at least not in time for it to matter. Mine and Ginny's tuition has been paid for in full for the rest of our years at Hogwarts." I said holding up a piece of paper. "I received confirmation from Hogwarts yesterday." I continued as I handed him the piece of paper. He took it and read it, he had to have read it twenty times beginning to finish before he let it fall between his fingers. The whole time Molly had been watching us interact, a dumbstruck look on her face. "You always were good at chess." My father said not looking at me. Instead he was trying to calm himself down, pacing all over the room. "I didn't want to do it this way. But I knew how you would react dad." I pleaded to him. "You would have never agreed to it." He started laughing, he laughed for a good minute before he abruptly stopped. He turned and walked up to me, for a second, it looked like we were about to scrap it out, like muggles. He just put his hand on my head looked me in the eyes, and then walked past me. He continued until he got into the cart, Molly right on his heels. She was oddly quiet this whole time. This is going to take forever to get over. I thought as I looked back on how events played out. That could have gone better. "Had he spoken to you yet?" The elegant writing of Fleur read in my journal. "Not yet, mum barely speaks to me, only when it's necessary." I wrote to her. "He'll come around eventually, he's just mad how I did it, behind his back, without his consent. He's not actually mad about the act, in fact I'm sure he's happy about it." Fleur had been my confidant through this whole debacle with my family. I am slowly becoming the black sheep, or maybe I am already the black sheep. I thought. Bill and the twins were the only two of my siblings who would speak to me. Ginny was determined to follow our parents instructions, Percy never talked to me much anyway. "I think you're right, It'll get better. Papa doesn't like me being this far from home. I think he is just missing me. Maman understands and keeps him in check." Fleur replied. I could hear her laughing at the end of the sentence. I glanced at the clock on the wall. "I have to go, I am meeting with Sirius and Harry today. And you have to get back to work." I told her. ":(" She had been going crazy with the smiley faces and winking faces since I showed her. Now it looks like the sad face will be her signature. "I'll talk to you later." I told her. ":)" I rolled my eyes at that and put the journal in my robes before heading downstairs. "I'm heading over to Sirius'." I told my mother. I didn't get an answer. Instead I just grabbed the floo powder. "12 Grimmauld Place." I stepped out of the green flame without stumbling at all. "I hate you." I heard Harry say as he let his jealousy at my superior floo traveling skills. "Good to see you too mate." "Don't forget about me." A shaggy haired man said as he rounded the corner into the family room of the house. "It's good to see you too Sirius." I told him. "Thanks for letting me come over." "After everything you've done for me. You're welcome here anytime kid." He said with a wink. "Now if you don't mind, I have a date with a pretty witch." "The mind healer doesn't count as a date, Sirius." Harry said stopping him in his tracks. "That's what you think." He said with a grin as he threw in some floo powder. "St. Mungo's." Then he was gone. I stood there for a moment looking around at the state of the house, it seemed better taken care of than described in the books and movies. "How did you really capture Pettigrew?" Harry asked. I turned to look at him with a confused look, not confused at the question, just confused he would lead with that. "Oh shit. It's time for that conversation already." The words flew out of my mouth. "How did you figure it out?" I asked him. "I saw you, right before I grabbed the cup." He answered. "I thought it was a hallucination at first. Then you showed up with Dumbledore and his body was on the ground." "Why didn't you say something then?" I asked him curious. "I'm not sure, you had to have a reason right?" "Oh I have one for sure." I said as I drew my wand. I cast the most overpowered privacy spell in the history of privacy spells. We are in the place that was the Order of the Phoenix's headquarters, Dumbledore might have bugged the place for all I knew. "But I can't tell you yet." I told him. "What do you mean you can't tell me, I'm your best mate!" He exclaimed. "I know. But your thoughts are unprotected, any decent wizard could take this information from your mind. That's why, if you want to know what really happened that night, you'll have to learn occlumency." I told him. "Occlumency?" He asked. "Technically it's the art of organizing your mind. It lets you do much more than that though." I told him. "How do you do it? Is it a spell?" He asked. "No, there are a few ways you can do it. We will do it a few ways, first we will get you to where you can clear your mind, this requires meditation, then we will try to breach each others defenses with spell, this will allow us to master occlumency much faster." I explained to him. "And then you'll tell me everything?" He asked. "And then I'll tell you everything." I confirmed. He got this look on his face then. "I need your help." He said seriously. I was actually confused to what he meant. "With what?" I asked. "You've become powerful Ron, I want that. Against Voldemort, he ...he toyed with me Ron. I stood no chance, I accepted I was going to die. Then by some fluke of magic, I was saved. Never again, I never want to be weak again." He answered. He was obviously still traumatized by the event and I could understand it, he saw Cedric get killed. My fault. I met his eyes and I could tell he was serious. "Ok. It'll be hard, and you'll have to work your ass off, but we can do that." I told him. "Deal." *Bill POV* I looked at the latest item the Goblins wanted him to figure out, the ring will become something mundane by the time I am done with it. A flash of silver caught my eye. The new girl? I thought to myself, watching her walk back to her desk. . I stood up on a whim. I need some entertainment. "I don't think management would be too happy about that." I said noticing her attention on the journal in front of her. She didn't jump as I expected, instead she replied almost automatically. "Yes, I know. I'm already done with my daily assignments." She said in defense. "Relax, I won't tell Mrs….?" I asked extending my hand. "Fleur Delacour." She said shaking my hand. The girl Ron took to the ball, and is now seeing. Well done little brother. I couldn't help but admire his tastes. Well that ruins my fun now doesn't it. "Bill Weasley." I said back. Her eyes brightened at the revelation. "I know a Weasley." She said playfully. "Intimately, if the family rumors are to be believed." I couldn't help but tease her a little. "Oh he talks about me?" She said suddenly much more interested in the conversation. "Something like that. So when are you going to come see the family." I asked. Her eyes turned a little fiery then. "When a veela is allowed in the house I suppose." She replied sharply. Feisty. Mum is going to love this one. "Heard about that did you?" I asked. "He didn't want to tell me. I practically forced it out of him." She said as she calmed down. "I'm surprised you're even talking to me then." I said honestly. "Only because you still talk to him." She said as she turned away. No secrets between these two huh. "I'll talk to the others. It's about time this was all resolved." I told her. Honestly I've let it go on for too long. She didn't respond, instead she stood up and left. *Ron POV* I smiled as I read the very very long essay of Fleur rambling about my family and the audacity of my brother to bring up when she was going to meet the family. I didn't have the time to send a full response so instead I wrote a simple note. "Let me respond to this in a little while. I am a little busy." I am currently in the dueling room of Grimmauld place, a room that was previously very dusty, until I got a hold of it. It's a simply designed room, mats covered the floor and in the corners stood some old dummy's. This might be the place where Bellatrix learned and practiced all of her deadly spells. I shook my head to focus and my wand flicked as I cast a rennervate on Harry. Sweat ran down his body after our succession of duels that all ended the same way, him stunned on the ground. He sat up and looked around, then he hung his head. "Again?" He asked. "Don't get down on yourself, I've been practicing nearly every day for the last year, it's only natural that I would win these duels." I told him. His expression changed. "But why? Why have you been practicing?" "Have you mastered Occlumency?" I asked him not needing an answer. "Because if you have then I can tell you." He didn't answer at all, instead he changed the subject. "Are we going again?" He asked. "No, now we will study. And you get to start with this." I told him handing him a small leather book, one without a title and author on the cover. He opened the front page and read the title. A Beginners Guide to Casting For the Learned. A/N: A lot happened this chapter didn't it? We're getting into the summer proper and a routine is about to develop for Harry and Ron. What did everyone think about it? I personally think Arthur and Molly are a little OOC, but I think their motivations and values are the same. So Ron was definitely overreacting with the Fleur/Bill situation, of course. I'm glad we could settle that. Let's talk about it in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Another chapter coming your way. I know I have said this a lot recently but I am really enjoying writing these stories because I feel like I have got my style of writing lined out. Of course I still have a lot to improve upon, won't deny that, but I am pleased with my progress. Anyway, onto the story. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. "It's not the wand movements that are most important Harry." I told Harry for what felt like the one hundredth time since he read A Beginners Guide to Casting For the Learned. "You keep saying that, but I don't understand." He responded as he had for the last sixty times. "What are you focusing on?" I asked simply, finally deciding to give him a little more help. "I'm focusing on the proper wand movement while introducing my will on the world!" Harry exclaimed, obviously frustrated. "Ok, that is the basic, and I mean most basic explanation of what I do also. So let's try something else." I told him realizing he wouldn't be able to learn like I learn. "What do you normally focus on when casting spells?" "The emotion behind them." Harry told me. "Really?" I asked confused. I guess it makes sense that people would learn things differently. "But you normally do the wand motions perfectly in class, you don't focus on them?" "No, I memorize them before casting the spell, so that I can focus on the emotion and visualising the spell." He responded. Oh, actually we're not so different at all. I realized as he told me his explanation. "Well this should be easy then, the book has all the basic wand motions for nearly every spell, memorize them and start focusing on the emotion then." I told him simply. "What do you think about?" Harry asked me curiously. "Well, a lot of the same, really. I already know the wand movements but to be honest I don't use any but the opening movement anymore." I told him truthfully. "Then I focus on enacting my will on the world, the emotion just kind of fills itself in for me." "Oh, we are the same then. Wait, you barely do the opening wand movements?" Harry asked confused. "Yes, technically, neither the movements or the pronunciation matter if your magic knows what it needs to do, but that comes with time. So let's focus on this for now." I told him as I turned around and walked towards the desk to continue studying the seventh material books from the Black Library. "It's still hard to believe Sirius gave us free reign of the Black Library, not to mention everything else." Harry said as he saw the direction I was headed. "I hate to say it, but I'm not sure he would deny us anything, as long as we asked and spent time with him." I responded honestly. Sirius spent most of his days at the hospital, whether it was with a mind healer, or a physical therapist. I also discovered that if I, or Harry, asked him for anything he would say yes almost immediately. *Flashback* "Hey Sirius!" Harry and I called as he stepped through the floo. He jumped a little because of our greeting. Both of us were waiting for him to return home in the family room downstairs, he came home around 4:15 like clockwork. "Hey guys, whats up? Girl trouble?" Sirius responded almost immediately. My mind shifted to Fleur at the mention of 'girl' but quickly righted itself as I remembered we were fine. "Absolutely not, we just had a few questions." I told him. "Alright, hit me with them." "The Black's are a really old family right? Like really old?" I asked curiously. "Yep, easily one of the oldest. We were prominent before the sacred twenty-eight were even formed. Why?" Sirius responded. "Weeeeellllllll then that would mean you would have quite the extensive library, right?" Harry cut in, and I was thankful for it, it would be better if he asked. "Yes, pronglet, and I can say with confidence that it is the most extensive of all of the magical families in Britain. Hogwarts exceeds it in book number but I would argue we have the most rare and obscure books. I would stack it against any private collection of magical knowledge anywhere in the world, except some of the older italian families." Sirius replied without thinking, the words just flying out. "Really?" I asked, curious about the italian comment. "Italian?" "Yea, that's where we perfected wands after all, it makes sense that they would have more grimoires." Sirius continued. I didn't respond, instead I processed the knowledge. Huh, you learn something new everyday. "Do you think we could …maybe?" Harry asked with an expression that was meant to be cute on his face. Apparently it worked because Sirius was quick to respond, as always. "Of course, follow me." And he started walking towards the stairs. We went up two flights of stairs before he stopped. "This is the entrance to my father's study, took me forever to get the bollocks to clean it out." He still thinks of it as his father's study. Our fathers will always have a place in our hearts, good or bad, I suppose. I thought as he opened the door and walked in. "You know this is your study now?" I told him as I looked around the room. It was the stereotypical old rich white man study. All of the walls were filled with bookshelves and a well made, obviously expensive mahogany desk sat with an equally ornate chair behind it. "Yea I know. It's hard to break the habit you know?" Sirius asked in response. "Anyway, I'll need to give you both access to the Library." He paused after he said that as if he had forgotten something, he did. "Ummm well it'll cost you a few drops of blood, long story short, the best wards are blood based." Sirius spit out through his mouth faster than most people could even talk. "That's no problem." I told him, alleviating his fears of us branding him a dark wizard. I'm much closer to 'dark' than Sirius ever will be. I thought to myself, pondering on the war to come and the lengths I am willing to go. "Great." Sirius told me as he drew his wand and drew intricate circles on the desk in the study. Soon after he was finished, a single needle poked itself out of the desk, it was easy to miss if you weren't paying attention. I went first but instead of doing things his way, my wand found its way into my hand. Sirius' eyes tracked the movement easily and his eyes narrowed slightly. An ethereal blade, an inch long appeared on the end of my wand, it was the same spell I used to skin the basilisk in the Chamber of Secrets. "Impressive draw." He commented as I pressed the blade lightly on the skin of my left pointer finger. It actually has a bit of weight to it, I didn't expect to feel it. I thought to myself as I felt the ethereal blade cut the finger. Drops of blood came immediately and I let it drop onto the needle. I'm not going to prick my finger on the same needle that Bellatrix might have. Who knows what I'd catch. A soft glow encompassed the needle and when it was done I could feel a shift in the house. "Sirius." "Yes?" Sirius answered of me. "Did you just key me into the ward stone?!" I asked as if he was an idiot. Families treasured the protection of their familial homes, it showed he was either extremely trusting or extremely stupid. "Yes I did, you two are here everyday, most of the time without me being here. It only makes sense that you should have some control over the wards, some are extremely offensive in nature and would be extremely helpful in a fight." He answered me seriously, no pun intended. He's probably been planning to do this for a while. I realized. I gestured for Harry to come over to the desk as I processed the monumental trust Sirius placed in us, teenagers. "That actually reminds me." Sirius said as I made the cut on Harry's finger. "We are going to be hosting guests at the beginning of the month. Dumbledore has decided to reinstate the Order of the Phoenix, and this will be it's headquarters." He told us. Why the fuck is he telling us, teenagers again, all this? I thought as I pondered whether or not Sirius' mind healing sessions were getting to him. "Order of the Phoenix?" Harry asked him. Oh yea, we're not supposed to know about it. I can write it off as being a poorly kept secret in the last war I suppose. I thought as I came to a realization about my foreknowledge. "It's a group of people dedicated to stopping Voldemort at all costs, Dumbledore's answer to the Death Eaters. Everyone is in a position of power in the wizarding world, you'll be able to meet all of the guests." Sirius told him, literally spilling his guts about the organization. No secrets with big mouth here huh? "That seems like it might be need to know, knowledge, Sirius." I said honestly flabbergasted. "That's what I said!" He exclaimed in response. Now I'm really fucking confused. I thought feeling a headache coming on. Then it clicked. Dumbledore told him to tell us. "Yes, he did. He seems to trust you both, I didn't take much convincing, your mother however, well let's just say she isn't too happy. " Did I say that out loud? I wondered as I concentrated on my occlumency, not feeling any type of probes, or attacks, nothing. I guess I did say it out loud. Oh God, Molly is going to be livid for a while. Even if we weren't on the best of terms, I was still her 'baby boy'. "Well I appreciate the trust I suppose." "Anyway, to access the library, all you have to do is touch the spine of this book." Sirius said as he pointed towards, and then touched the spine of a book with the title of Toujours Pur. Immediately, a section of the book shelf started shifting, and eventually, melted inwards to reveal a library. This is the most glorious thing I've ever seen. I thought as we walked into the library proper. Every bookshelf was made of the same perfectly polished wood, not a blemish on them. There was a piece of sliding glass in front of all of the books, also perfectly polished. There were a few desks with comfortable looking seats behind them. I was in awe of the room. "The different floors are all labeled into the different branches of magic, the sixth floor and up is where all of the nastiest surprises are. You will come to me before trying to take any of the books out on these floors, do we understand each other?" Sirius told us as he gave us our undivided attention and his eyes turned sterner than I had ever seen them. "Yes sir." Harry and I replied at the same time. "Good, a lot of them are cursed and need the head of the family's magic to even be removed from the shelf." He continued. "Understood." I told him. "Good, now you two can raid it later, let's go eat. Oh and don't show any of our guests the library, yeah?" *Flashback end* I shook my head as I recalled the memory, the book in my hands hadn't even been opened yet. A red light flew through the room, followed by Harry's excitement. "Yes!" I smiled as I realized that he had just cast his first spell without the incantation. Dueling essentials 101 Expelliarmus, no. I thought as I read through the table of contents. Deflecting? I pondered as I flipped through the pages to the correct pages. "Deflecting is the art of redirecting your opponents spells away from your body. It is derived from the simple 'Protego', or shield charm. The concept is simple, instead of a big bulky shield in front of you, blocking your view, you cast a much more localized version and use it to 'bat' the spell away. No incantation is recommended, since mastery of the shield charm is necessary. All that is needed is for you to change the way you think abou…" I stopped reading right there, I knew enough about the spell already that I was confident I could cast it. My wand leapt into my hand and purred in content at being wielded with intent. I focused my mind and will and whipped my wand through the air, sure enough a small silver shield formed at the end of my wand, ready to defend its master. Another red spell flew in front of me and I got an idea. Practice makes perfect. "Harry, cast that at me." I stood by the marble steps that led into the only known wizarding bank, wearing black hair and brown eyes instead of my typical red and blue. I wasn't that worried about someone seeing me with Fleur, I was worried about someone seeing her with me, and putting her in danger. It was a basic disguise but I had realized long ago that people are rarely aware of their surroundings. Speaking of. I thought as a flash of silver and the scent of vanilla invaded my senses. She walked right past me. "Excuse me miss." I said loud enough for her to hear. She turned around quickly, looking annoyed at being interrupted before her faced morphed into a type of confusion. "Do I know...?" She stopped herself as she recognized me and immediately ran my direction. I caught her in a hug when she got close enough, she was holding on like our lives depended on it. "I missed you too." I managed to get out. I've grown another inch. I couldn't help but notice as I felt her form beneath me. She let go and stepped back, and then hit me on the arm. "It's about time you came to see me! I've been in the country for a whole month!" I smiled sheepishly. "I couldn't get away from the adults." I offered weakly. Her eyes turned fiery and then mischievous. "I suppose it is an alright excuse, but I am feeling a little hungry…" Well played. I thought to myself. "I can fix that." I said as I offered her my arm. "Well then lead on, handsome." Fleur told me as she grabbed my arm and then moved her hand down to grasp mine. I couldn't help but blush at her compliment. "We'll be able to see each other a lot more often. I'll have a lot more freedom in the next month until school starts again." I thought she would be happy, but instead she frowned. "I'll only have a month with you?" She pouted. I couldn't help but laugh before I swept her up into a kiss. "I'll come visit on the weekends, I promise." "I guess that will be alright then." She said melting from the kiss. I realized we were standing in front of one of the many restaurants in Diagon Alley. "Shall we?" I asked as I opened the door for her and let her lead me into the restaurant. It was a simple establishment, with tables filling the room and booths lining the walls. There was also a fairly popular bar, I could have sworn I saw a head of pink hair and auror robes sitting at it as we were led to a table. Tonks normal hang out? I pondered. "What can I get you two?" I vaguely heard the waitress say. "I'll get my normal." Fleur said without picking up a menu. "Sure thing." The unnamed waitress said. "And what about you hun?" I blew off the 'hun' without even thinking about it. Waitresses are the same in all dimensions apparently. "I'll just take some fish and chips." I said without thinking about it. She ran off with a nod to put our orders in. "Hun?" Fleur said with a raised eyebrow and her glass of water to her lips. All I could do was shake my head and laugh. "She just wants a good tip is all." I responded. "Oh." She said seductively. "I can relate." I almost spit my water all over her at that as I laughed and choked at the same time. It came out as a wheeze. Fleur loved my reaction because her melodic laugh rang through the restaurant. The rest of the lunch went about the same pace as we ate. We couldn't help but flirt and tease the whole time, but eventually she had to get back to work. That's what brought us to walking back towards Gringotts. "I was approached about a position the other day." Fleur said after our conversation died out and we were just walking hand in hand. "Oh? What position?" I asked. "It's a governmental position." She answered vaguely. "Is it a good one?" I asked curious. "Yes, and it can be quite dangerous." Her voice was fairly low now. I let go of her hand and palmed my wand as I cast a quick privacy spell. "Unspeakable?" I asked her quietly. She stopped moving and looked up at me. "How did you guess?" She asked with a pout, obviously wanting to keep it a secret a little longer. "That's one of the only reasons I can think that would require you being so secretive." I said truthfully. "A lucky guess. In France?" She shook her head. "Here." I was actually a little confused at that because of all of the prejudice against her in the government. It all hit me then. This was always the reason she came here, Gringotts was just the middleman. Testing her prowess, and of course, she passed with flying colors. "Oh, this was always the plan then?" I asked her. She looked extremely scared but nodded anyway. "What's wrong?" I asked noticing her mood. "I lied to you." She said as if the words would make me run away in anger. I smiled at her. I have also withheld some things from her, like the fact that I am two souls merged into one, and that I am probably just as advanced in magic as she is. I couldn't help but think. "Yes, but we barely knew each other when we talked about this a couple months ago." I said telling her how I genuinely felt about the situation, not mad at all. "I haven't told you everything about me either, and that's ok. I haven't lied, per say, but I have withheld some things." "You're not mad?" She asked hopefully. I decided that there was a line that needed to be drawn then and there in our relationship. "I am not happy that you lied, but I understand why you did it. With that being said, if we are going to continue doing what we're doing." I continued awkwardly at the last part. "Then there cannot be any lies, if you can't tell me something, then just tell me that you can't tell me and I'll accept it. I'll try and do the same to you." "Deal." She said almost immediately and then she kissed me. "When do you start?" I asked after we pulled away. "In two years, there is some obscure magic that I have to master in the meantime, and those are only prerequisites to some of the harder stuff." She replied. "What kind of obscure magic?" I asked curiously. "Can't tell." She responded with a little too much happiness. "Occlumency has to be one of them." I thought aloud. "Advanced arithmancy and runes has to be another. Enchanting is going to help you a lot. Warding, hmmmmm, curse breaking?" I finished with a question. She stood there looking like I had just stolen her favorite toy. "How did you guess all of that!?" "Lucky guess." I responded with a shit eating grin before continuing. "I hate you." "Good news, I can help with some of those." I walked through the floo and into 12 Grimmauld Place, and was immediately met with multiple wands pointed my way. Instinct kicked in and my own wand rose to defend myself. "Ron?" Sirius said from out of my line of sight. The glamours. I realized that I still had black hair and brown eyes. A flick of my wrist and the illusion fell. "Sorry, I forgot they were still up." I told the room of hostiles. Now that I had time to look I could see Bill off to my right, in a corner of the room, he never had his wand out. Mad-eye and two other aurors, one was obviously Tonks, stood in the hallway heading to the kitchen. Molly and Arthur had their wands trained on me and were closest to the floo when I stepped through. Dumbledore chose that moment to reveal himself from the kitchen, where the order meeting would apparently take place. I forgot everyone was moving in today. I thought to myself as I took in the curious eyes in the room. "I think that everyone can put their wands away now." Dumbledore said breaking the tension in the room. I sheathed my own as everyone else did the same. The three aurors soon connected the dots as to my identity and their apprehensive looks were replaced with respect. Arthur and Molly just walked past me towards the stairs, to get settled in I suppose. "Good. Now the meeting is over, you will all be informed as to the date and time of the next." Dumbledore continued talking without a care in the world for the previous situation. He started moving my direction. "As always, good wand work Mr. Weasley." He complimented. "Thanks, Headmaster. I was wondering if I could speak to you for a moment, regarding the next term." I asked since I conveniently ran into him. "Of course, can it be quick?" He asked and waved his hand. I felt the magic go up more than anything. Privacy ward. I realized. "Well I'll make it quick. I want to take my O.W.L.'s early." I told him simply. He didn't seem surprised by the request at all, instead he answered a little too quickly. "How early?" He asked. "As soon as possible." "If the correct paperwork were to be filed quickly and without error, an exam could be arranged for the end of the first term." Dumbledore said with double the amount of twinkle in his eyes. "Do I need my parents approval?" I asked genuinely wanting to know if I was going to run into a road block early on. "No, just the headmaster's approval." More twinkling. "What do I need to do?" The twinkle grew to be unbearable then. A/N: Boom! Things are getting AU guys…...and gals….. The aurors respect comes from his capture of Barty Jr. if anyone is curious about that, and no doubt his fast draw also caught their attention. We're going to be in the school year very soon, if not next chapter then the one after that. What is the pace like guys? Slow? Fast? Just right? What do we think? Like? Hate? Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, We got the most reviews on any chapter last week, close to forty! You all are the motivation to my writing, thank you so much. As always, there is an authors note at the bottom! Disclaimer: I own nothing. I stood in the dueling room of the Ancient and Noble House of Black, alone and staring at a shape on the ground. Harry was studying in the library, trying to get his magical knowledge to match his enemies. He won't succeed as he is, but neither would I have, a year ago. I told myself as I continued my train of thought. Before the 'merge', I was useless, and a bad friend. Now? Well now I'm without a doubt the most powerful and knowledgeable student in Hogwarts, and I'm a much better friend. That leads me to my next thought. Harry needs the rituals, maybe more than I do. I have known this for a while now, ever since the start of our studying and training together. He just can't keep up, he takes to magic like I did ...before the ritual. The motivation for us is similar, but my abilities outstrip his by a mile. He can memorize the material just like I did, maybe better than I did, but I understand and learn the material faster, so much faster. It's the reason why I wasn't only focusing on the curriculum of Hogwarts anymore. I was already on the seventh year material, and it still isn't a true challenge. A lot of my time is focused on refining my dueling, and teaching Harry. That is the reason that I stood in front of a Heptagon drawn by ritual chalk, with the same ingredients placed at the exact same location as the first ritual I performed almost a year ago. The lunar cycle is the exact same as that day also, just like the book requires. Now all I need is a willing body. I thought about my most recent memory of Fleur's lips on mine. I grabbed the emotion and brought it to the front of my mind, basking in the happiness. Then my wand moved. "Expecto Patronum." I spoke quietly. Light burst from the tip of my wand as I willed the spell into existence, my happiness as the fuel. The light coalesced into a form most would see as menacing, to me it was beautiful. At first glance, one might mistake the shape of light for a leopard, but they would be wrong. In the wizarding world, there is a breed of feline that is feared universally. It has spots like a leopard, but a mane of what looks to be spikes wrapped around it's head. A nundu stalked around the room, one of the most dangerous creatures in the world, a wizard killer, but now it's purpose is to pass a message a few floors below me. It shot out of the room and down the stairs. Still can't believe my patronus is a nundu. It makes sense I suppose. If Dumbledore is a phoenix, and Voldemort is a basilisk, I can take on the role of a nundu. My mind supplied as I stood in the room, waiting for Harry to come distract me from my thoughts. Once you can cast a corporeal patronus, it's just a shift in the mind to have it send a particular message to who you want. That is not to say that is was an easy task to perfect the ancient piece of magic. In fact, it is the most difficult spell I have ever encountered. I have grown accustomed to casting spells on the first or second try, very rarely do I need a third. In fact, it only takes me an hour at most to master most spells soundlessly. It took me two weeks to perfect the patronus charm. I could get a silver mist of light within the first day, but the corporeal form didn't come to me until yesterday. Luckily, my mind grasped the requirements afterwards and I find it easier and easier to draw out the necessary emotion to cast it. No doubt, Occlumency helped in that area. Speaking of, I wonder if the book would judge me worthy of the mind palace yet. I thought to myself just as Harry walked in the room. "You're lucky I just gott back to the library, or your mother would have seen your little display of magic outside of school." Harry started immediately as he crossed the threshold and closed the door. "But a corporeal nundu as a patronus? That's wicked mate." Shit! I forgot about being underage. Oh well. I thought as I notice something different in the way Harry walked. He walked with his chin up, chest out, proud, and more confident in his abilities. Dueling with him almost everyday has done wonders for him. His new robes fit his form perfectly, as mine do, courtesy of Sirius loving us like his children. The summer months have been kind to us both, if you don't count my family shunning me for almost the whole duration. Harry hasn't cut his hair in preparation for fifth year like in the movies, instead he keeps it just long enough to tie up into a man bun, proudly showing off the scar that made him the boy-who-lived. I'm pretty sure Sirius had a lot to do with this also but we haven't spoken about who taught him how to spell his hair that way, so I really can't say for sure. As for me, well I decided I didn't like the long hair. Now my ginger red hair sits in a faux hawk that won't be popular in the wizarding world for another forty years probably, but I don't care, Fleur approves. My robes now consist of colors that work well with my ginger genetics, greens, purples, blues, and of course, reds, mostly reds. In short, Sirius has turned us into complete tools, and strangely enough, neither of us have complained. "What's this?" Harry asks as he notices the ritual array on the ground. "This is what I called you up here for." I told him as I sat down at the desk in the corner of the room. "I have some things to admit." I continued. He just stood there looking at me, waiting for me to explain. "Last year, the room revealed so much to me, it changed everything. I was looking for ways to better myself, thinking really, like I always do." I paused as he walked over to me and sat down across the table, he could sense that it would be a long conversation. "I was sitting down like this when it dropped a book out of thin air. It was written by Rowena Ravenclaw." He leaned onto the table at this, way more interested. "Sometime in her life she began collecting rituals, to change the body and mind, really for anything. There are hundreds of them in the book." Harry continued to stare at me, as if he was trying to unlock a puzzle with only his eyes. "I found one, that she claimed to have performed herself, her along with the founders and countless other prominent wizards and witches through time." "This is the ritual?" Harry interrupted me before I could continue. "Yes." "What does it do?" "Well, all of the ingredients around the heptagon are common in a lot of potions regarding the mind, the wit-sharpening, memory potion, and others." I said pointing to the array. "So it makes you smarter? More intelligent?" He pieced together. "I don't think so, for me it was like unlocking my mind. Suddenly I could remember, I could learn, and I could use information faster than ever. It's almost impossible to explain." I told him trying to gather some sort of explanation from my mind. "It just enhances your mental performance. It won't make you a genius but if you put in the work it will guide you along the path of genius'." I finally finished. "So this is how you've gotten so much better, more powerful?" Harry asked me with a hunger in his eyes. "No, I worked my ass off to get this far, but this certainly speeds up the process." I answered truthfully. It wouldn't give you the key to greatness, but it would show you the door. "So when do I get to do it?" Harry asked suddenly, not even taking time to think. I blanked at his fast response. "Uhhhh…. Don't you want to think about it?" I responded with a question quickly. "Why? You're proof it works yeah?" "Yes, it has helped me wonders." I told him honestly. "So let's do it." Harry said standing up and walking over to the array on the ground. "How does it work, do I just walk in?" He asked staring at it. "First, take all your clothes and jewelry off." I said seriously. He stared at me for a second. He must think I'm fucking with him. Harry looked like he was in a daze, or a flashback, for a second before he started moving. First the shirt, then the pants, then the socks, and finally his pasty pale ass shined out in front of me. I looked away and refused to make eye contact. With my peripherals, I could see that he was covering himself up with his arms as much as he could. He was about to step in when I caught him. "Jewelry, hair tie, wand holster; any magical items can interfere with the ritual, and we don't want that." "Right, sorry." He said as he took all of the things I listed for him off. "Good, now the next bit is simple. Step into the circle, prepare yourself for a smidge of pain, and channel magic, the rest happens naturally. Oh and focus on bettering yourself mentally." I listed the next steps off for him. He stood there for a moment, still staring at the chalk and, in typical Gryffindor fashion, stepped inside without a word. He looked extremely nervous. Or maybe he is just cold? I thought getting distracted by Harry's shivering. He locked eyes with me inside the circle. I winked at him and he had the smarts to sit down before starting the ritual. We broke eye contact when he closed his eyes, after he gained all of his courage. And then it started. There was no warning, no outside signs of the ritual beginning beside Harry going completely still. It was hard to tell if he was still breathing or not. Eventually the chalk began to slowly turn black as it rotated around the heptagon. My eyes found his scar and I got a bad feeling in my gut, the feeling you get when you know something is about to go horribly wrong. I couldn't place why I felt this way, everytime I tried to grab the knowledge, it pulled away from me. Just as the ritual was about to end, it happened. The chalk suddenly stopped an inch from finishing. Overwhelming heat filled the air, emanating from the ritual, and my wand found its way into my hand but I didn't cast anything at Harry. My gut was right. I thought as I noticed the divergence from my own ritual. Harry's head twitched and his hair moved to reveal his scar. It was raw, open even, but no blood ran out. His mouth slowly opened and I knew that if he had control over his vocal cords, he would be screaming. I reacted and cast a silencing charm, in case he decided to cry out, followed by a variant of the locking charm on the door. My mind grasped the wards of the house, courtesy of Sirius, and willed them to not let anyone in or let anyone hear what was happening. I cancelled my original silencing charm and looked back towards the ritual. His mouth was closed this time and a bright red light mixed with black shined out from his scar. It looked like the black was looking to escape the scar and the red was holding back somehow. The wisps of color swirled around each other until the red finally got a hold of the black and they were both absorbed back into the scar. The chalk on the ground finally completed the heptagon and turned black. Harry toppled from his upright position and fell to the floor breathing harder than I had ever seen him. His eyes looked around frantically as he scrambled out of the ritual chalk. He looked like an animal backed into a corner. "Harry?!" I shouted to get his attention and moved towards him. The only reason I hadn't beforehand was fear of interrupting the ritual even more. I reached down and grabbed him by the neck, ignoring his state of undress. He recognized me easily once I did that, our eyes meeting. He took a few calming deep breaths before he spoke. "You said a smidge of pain." He whispered quietly as I let him go now that he had his bearings. "It was uncomfortable, but it wasn't ...whatever the fuck that was!" I exclaimed, pointing to him and the remains of the ritual chalk. "That was comparable to the cruciatus curse, Ron." He breathed out again. That's got to be an exaggeration. I thought, looking at him. He was still heaving air into his lungs. I reached down and touched his scar, feeling it for a fever, like Molly used to do us when we were little. Nothing. Nothing to indicate that red and black light even happened. I deduced feeling his head. Do I say something about it? That has to be why it was so painful. "Do you feel any different? Mentally?" I asked him as I stood back up and walked towards his clothes, determined to get him dressed and in bed. "Yes, the ritual worked for sure." Harry answered, looking a thousand times better than ten seconds ago. "You were right, it's like I was underwater and moved so slowly, and now I can zip around on my firebolt in the air. " Odd way of putting it. I thought to myself. Harry was grinning ear to ear, the pain of the ritual forgotten. I was more worried than ever. Hermione arrived the next day, and distracted Harry and I from our studies, thankfully. I am still worried about any side effects of the ritual. I'm even more worried about the nagging feeling in the back of my skull that told me I am forgetting something every time I think about it. All I can do is wait and hope he is ok. I caught a glimpse of red in the kitchen. Bill. I excused myself as I got up from the table and walked towards the direction of the kitchen. Bill met me in the hall, he only went to grab a snack apparently. "Little brother." He said nodding to me as he walked by. "Bill." I called out to get his attention. He stopped at the stairs and looked back at me. "I was wondering if you could do me a favor?" "Depends on the favor, troublemaker." He said rhyming horribly. "I was wondering if I could tag along next time you deal with any wards at work, or elsewhere." I added that last part hinting at the order. "And why should I? It's terribly dangerous work you know." Bill responded taking a bit out of his sandwich. "Because you care for his safety and the best way to learn how to break or crack wards ...is hands on experience." I responded honestly, telling him of my desire to learn. His playful attitude dropped for a moment as he looked me over, I swear his eyes seemed more sad than anything. "Why would you need to learn that?" He finally asked me. "Because I may need to get out of a tough spot one day." I said vaguely knowing that I would be in countless 'tough spots'. He turned his back to me and started up the stairs again. "I'll think about it." That could have gone better. I thought as I too turned around and walked towards the kitchen, his idea of a snack appealing to me. I walked in and immediately broke into a silencing charm, sound greeted me. "It's gone on long enough." Molly said to my father in a corner of the kitchen. Neither of them noticed me and I didn't announce my presence. "He betrayed our trust." Arthur said back with just as much hostility. "He only did it because he knew we would say no!" Mom replied to Arthur before quieting. "He only wanted to help." "Well that's true enough." I said loud enough for both of them to hear, tired of eavesdropping. Both of their heads snapped my direction and they each had different reactions. Molly's face softened, almost happy I heard them. Arthur's broke eye contact and hung his head, looking down in shame or anger I couldn't tell. "What are you hoping to accomplish with all of this father?" I asked genuinely curious as to what he wanted. "To teach you a lesson in life." He responded after rubbing his eyes a little. "And what lesson is that?" "Money isn't everything in life Ron." He answered quietly. "I know that already." I said truthfully. "Really? Because the boy I raised was taught not to take advantage of his friends, merlin, you practically stole that money from Harry." Arthur said quickly, he had been thinking about this for a while apparently. "I didn't steal anything, Harry was going to throw it away, he mentioned burning it down to ash. Imagine all of those resources, things that we could learn from such a beast, maybe a cure for the poison gets developed now, maybe we learn a little more about magical resistance because of its hide, maybe your son gets a little financial stability for a few years, would that be so bad?" I responded by taking a rational approach to the argument. "And we had just as much of a right to the basilisk as Harry, Ginny is the one who opened the Chamber of Secrets. I just capitalized on the opportunity. You may be content with a simple life, but I am not!" I told him as my voice raised slightly, emotions getting the better of me. I looked away and my proficiency in occlumency helped me in calming down before he spoke again. "I just don't want you to lose sight of what's important in life son." Arthur told me and then gestured to himself and Molly. "Family." You have no idea who I am doing all of this for, do you? I thought to myself. All the months training, and studying so that I can protect the ones I love, so that I don't have to bury a brother and watch another wither away in grief. Of course I can't say all of that to him, because Fred will not die in a few years unless its by accident trying to invent a new prank. Arthur took my silence as acceptance apparently because he spoke before I could. "You can have this victory Ron, I just want my family back." Well that is a complete one-eighty from where we were just at. "I would like to have a normal conversation with my dad sometimes too. There is a war coming, and ...well." I didn't have the heart to imply I might die in the coming conflict so instead I just trailed off. "Yea, I know son. Just promise me you won't go spending all that money until you're an adult, yeah?" He asked me. "Of course, it was a one time thing." I lied. I only felt slightly guilty since I could be considered an adult if you tilted your head and squinted. "Good. You hungry?" "Starving." A/N: Not gonna lie, I was going to write another scene but I felt like this needed to end here. It's a fairly short chapter but we're wrapping up the summer break and soon we'll hit the ground running. I think you all are going to like what fifth year brings. Harry's ritual? What do we think? It's fairly easy to guess what the red and black lights coming from his scar are but I won't spoil anything. Remember, Ron doesn't remember anything about Horcruxes. Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Chapter length is back to normal, little bit more than normal but that is ok. Thanks to all of you. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. 'Platform 9 ¾'. The sign read as I walked through the barrier that separated the non-magical and magical train stations. The platform has long been considered one of the finest examples of arithmancy and spatial enlargement charms. I wore fashionable robes of black and red. An auror level basilisk skin wand holster fits snugly on my right arm under the sleeves of my robes. Two wands rest inside, I only trust one of them. The other is to get me out of trouble, for when trouble, inevitably, finds me this year. My chest is inside my left pocket, shrunk and featherlight. Inside, there are books people would kill to have, and there are books I would give away for free if I could. For example, our newest DADA book. It's bloody useless. I couldn't help but think. Harry walks beside me, a good three inches taller than he was two months ago, courtesy of the nutrition potions Sirius and him shared. I have no idea what's under his robes, and I don't want to know. "Sorry about your cousin mate." I spoke now that we were alone and away from the rest of our entourage. He didn't say anything at first, he seemed surprised that I would mention it. "Got what he deserved." He was just a child. I couldn't help but think. Now he is a vegetable, thanks to a couple of Dementors. I honestly didn't think the dementor attack would happen once I changed the events of the summer. I was under the impression that because everyone knew the boy-who-lived moved in with his godfather, no one would bother wasting an attack that wouldn't succeed. I was wrong. My mind supplied. It was a successful attack on the boy-who-lived, a message sent. 'Keep your mouth shut' If I interpret it correctly. "He's still family." I croaked out. "That what you think about Percy?" His cheekily replied. "Ha, yes actually. He may be an idiot, but he's family." We settled into silence as the rest of my family caught up with Sirius and Hermione. "You all behave yourselves at school this year yeah?" Arthur told us as they approached. Sirius stood behind him comically shaking his head no and pretending to puke before dad saw our eyes and whipped around. Sirius never missed a beat and stopped before he could see him. "Yes, don't get into any trouble, mind Snivellus and Minerva." He spoke with an unnaturally straight face. Smiles broke our faces, even Hermione's at his antics. "We'll miss you." I told them as I turned around, in a hurry to get away from their suffocating presences. I love my family. But a part of me wants my own independence while corresponding with them about three times a week ...maybe. So a whole summer of someone of them breathing down my neck wears on my nerves. Gotta be teenage rebellion. I thought to myself. "Try not to run, Ronnikins." I heard from my shoulder. "Fred." I greeted my brother. I reached the train without looking behind me the whole time. I crossed the threshold right behind Harry, letting him take the lead to find us a compartment. "I'm not Fred." He responded too quickly. "Mmmmhmmm." I replied not believing him one bit. "You've become no fun, Ronnikins." George said from my other ear. I expected both of them to keep teasing me but when I looked back, they had both disappeared somewhere, which made me slightly sad about the way that I have been treating them lately. I shook off the guilt I felt with a reminder of how high the stakes are this year. Fortune favors the bold. "This one work?" Harry asked finding an empty compartment near the middle of the train. "Yea for sure." I told him as I stepped to the side to let Hermione in first. She must have been behind the twins. I thought as she walked past me. "Thanks." She muttered surprised at my manners. I smiled at her and I immediately felt another wave of guilt, similar to how I felt with the twins. I should probably take more of an effort for the people that love me. We all took our seats in the compartment. I sit next to Hermione to let Harry have the other side to himself. "Did you both finish your summer assignments?" Hermione asked us as both Harry and me pulled out a book from our robes, intent on reading the time away. "Yes, around the third day into the summer actually." I responded truthfully. I can't stand to let work build up. I thought to myself remembering my past life. It's odd too because I used to be a notorious procrastinator in school in my last life, but the workforce beat that out of me fairly quick. "Yes, would you look it over for me?" Harry asked her. I watched as her face brightened, like a light coming from a dark tunnel. It was in that moment that I realized she must think she is losing us as friends, I decided I was tired of pushing people away. We may never be what we were or what we were supposed to be but that doesn't mean I have to cut her off. "Of course." Hermione responded. "Mine too?" I asked her curiously. "I would love too Ronald." She said with a wide smile. It took us a moment to dig the homework out of our trunks but once we did, she poured over our work hungrily. I didn't notice that she picked up Harry's homework first because of the book in my hands, a particularly helpful tome about dueling tactics that involve incorporating the elements. It was a very old book, written by a wizard lost to time, apparently he was some legendary dueler at the time. It was his life's work, and Sirius let me take it to school with me. It apparently was a prerequisite to his 'real' book, at least that's what was mentioned in the book, I wasn't even sure the sequel was in the Black library. It took Hermione a couple hours to finish the homework, it was significantly more work that the previous years, to help us prepare for our OWL year. So when I looked up from my book I didn't expect all of my work to lay neatly stacked off to the side, with no marks on it, no comments on them at all. The two of them were too busy going over Harry's work, going over the things he could have mentioned, the theory he could have included. Eventually they stopped and I looked to her with a look that said 'do your worst'. "Ron, do you mind if I use an example similar to yours for McGonagall's question about switching spells. I never thought about questioning the mass of the objects you wanted to switch?" Hermione asked me. Oh so she did already read mine. I thought realizing I must have not noticed it, as I was engrossed in my book. "Yes sure, did you have any advice on where I can improve?" I asked trying to get to the point. She glowered at me then, much to my surprise. "No, there wasn't even any grammatical mistakes I could see. Not to mention the theories that you threw around, do all of those actually exist?" Hermione finished with a question. "Yes, some of them are from sixth and seventh year material, and the others wouldn't be found in the school textbooks." I answered truthfully. "Sixth and seventh year? You're using seventh year material to research fifth year homework? Doesn't that kind of defeat the point?" She asked confused. Harry felt the need to answer for me because he spoke before I could. "Not to research Hermione. He's on the seventh year material." The way he said it was so casual, not even looking up from his book. I shot him a look. That's not information I want spreading. I thought and my look must have said the same thing because Harry's head shot up once he realized what he said. "Sorry mate. Just slipped." Harry said before I could say anything. I turned my gaze back to Hermione to see what her reaction might be. She wasn't looking at either of us, instead she seemed off in a daze. Then it was like a switch flipped. "Seventh year..." She almost whispered. "Seventh year!" She said standing up then. "You're on seventh year material? Is that what you were doing all last year?" "...and this summer." Harry cut in once again from the side. I shot him a look of absolute murder. If he speaks about my abilities like that again I might curse him. I thought to myself. "When were you going to tell me?" She asked, hurt more than angry. I thought about lying, I really did, but I decided that wasn't the avenue to take today. "I wasn't, at least not anytime soon. Maybe after the war…" I responded. "The war? What war?!" She shouted then. Oh shit did I just say that? It can be played off easily. I thought to myself about my slip up. "There is a war coming Hermione." My wand shot into my hand and I waved it, casting the same charm I used to keep Bill out of the conversation with my father. "We all know Voldemort is back Hermione. What happens next?" She put the pieces together, and intellectually we all knew that this would be the outcome of the recent developments of the previous year. But it was just now hitting her what is to come. We were all quiet for a moment as she processed what she was hearing. I shot a look to Harry and noticed that his eyes were on her and not his book, worry and something else in his eyes. "Why you then? Even if there is a war, we'll be at Hogwarts protected by Dumbledore. The aurors will fight the war." She deduced from that brilliant mind. A fair assumption, but wrong nonetheless. Oh what the ritual would do to her, it wouldn't be fair to the rest of us. I couldn't help but think to myself at her already impressive intellect. "I wish that were the case, but we're best friends of the boy-who-lived, and he damn sure isn't going to stay out of the war." I said continuing before she could respond. "And Dumbledore is over a hundred years old, more than likely, he won't survive this war." I tell her finally. She shot Harry a look, I wasn't sure if it was because of his silence in defending Dumbledore or because she knew I was right about him joining the war eventually. "Not to mention, nearly my whole family is in the Order. I refuse to lose any of them." I said aloud to everyone when they said nothing. She never even looked at me, instead she kept staring at Harry, he met her gaze calmly, much more calmly than he would have just two months ago. "And you? It's plain enough to see that you agree? Are you preparing for war also?" Hermione asked with a bit of bite in her tone. "Absolutely." Harry responded without pause, his tone didn't waver, he is committed. He's happy with his new power. I thought to myself, observing the two of them. Too happy? She threw her hands up in the air at the situation. Then they came back down and she rested her face in them, upset. Then her head shot up. "That's what you two have been doing all summer. How far along are YOU then?" She asked pointing towards him. We both caught her real question. 'How advanced are you?' "I just started, but I'm about halfway through this year in all the wand subjects." Harry told her. He had been following the same route in his studies that I did, he is almost completely uninterested in the other subjects that don't require a wand. It made sense, it was always his strong point. "But your homework had as many holes in it than last year." She said. I held a hand up to him, so that he didn't tell her about the ritual. He got the idea to because he nodded to me. "That was before I …started." He responded. It was true of course, he completed the homework at the Dursley's before Sirius had been released to go home. It had been a way to distract his mind from the stress of not knowing how Sirius was doing. Around a month before his ritual and a week before he decided to take things seriously and ask me for help. His progress has been scary the past few weeks, not outstripping my own but scary nonetheless. A bell sounded throughout the train, signaling it was time for the prefects and the head boy and girl to meet for the year. Harry and Hermione both got up, Harry to get dressed and Hermione to reach into her bag for her prefect badge. This was a small change from canon that could have huge impacts. Harry got the prefect badge instead of me. The day our letter came in the mail, no one was surprised at the outcome except for me. I was not disappointed, in fact I was relieved. It gives me more freedom to do the things that I need to do this year, and I think Dumbledore knew that also. I know that McGonagall is the one who appoints the badges but I also know that it wasn't her decision this year. Mainly because of the anonymous message I had at the bottom of my Hogwarts letter. There was no author, it read. 'He needs the responsibility.' And I couldn't agree more with the old wizard. It was the same reasoning he probably used in canon, that Ron needed to grow in maturity to help the boy-who-lived. Now it is Harry who needs responsibility help him mature. I also think it's because he has had word of Harry's improvement over the summer. He's preparing him for a leadership. I'm sure in his mind, it makes Harry a greater sacrifice. Manipulative old fucker. I was actually surprised that the bell came so late, we were already a couple hours in the train ride. Harry and Hermione left without saying anything else about our discussion. Instead Harry acted like nothing had happened and Hermione was thinking. "See you in a bit." The rest of the train ride was awkward when it wasn't Harry and Hermione's turn for patrols. Eventually it ended, though I was by myself, so I stayed reading until everyone else had been escorted off. I hopped out of my seat to follow the last body off of the train noticing it was the head boy of our year, he had a glazed look on his face as he passed by. I moved to follow but a flash of black caught the corner of my eye as I exited my compartment. My curiosity got the better of me and I made a decision. My wand touched the tip of my head as I disillusioned myself. Then I moved the direction of the other body I saw. I moved slowly and quietly until I heard the voices. "...ur fathers name." An unfamiliar voice said. "I am not responsible for his mistakes." Another more familiar voice sounded out. Nott? I thought recognizing the voice. "It's your burden to bear all the same. Do this and you'll earn your freedom." The unfamiliar voice said. "I'll never be free!" Nott shouted at the other. "Watch your tone." There was silence then, I assumed they were having a stare down. I couldn't risk moving in to the light and them see any shiver of the air. So I waited and listened. "You have your orders." And then there was a body moving. He wore the black and silver robes of Slytherin. A seventh year. I noticed as he walked past me, took a left, and walked towards the castle. Nott didn't move and neither did I, I wanted to see if I could get anymore information. I wasn't wrong, I heard sniffling and I could tell he was crying. I continued to wait, letting him have his moment. I thought about leaving him on his own but I just couldn't stomach leaving him here, alone. It's obvious Voldemort has given him a task. I thought dissecting the conversation. And if he is doing it for freedom then he must not believe in the cause, or at the very least not want to be a death eater. I continued to ponder my options while he sobbed in the compartment. Why am I here, if not to help. I finally decided. I stepped into the doorway and sure enough it was Theodore Nott, he didn't see any distortions in the air because of his feet pulled up to his chin and his head down. I made my presence known by dispelling the charm. I sat there for a moment before he recognized me, ready to defend myself if he reacted poorly. He slowly pulled himself together and unwrapped his limbs. He wasn't as tall as I was, but taller than Harry, and skinny, very skinny. He obviously didn't eat much. His head shot up when he noticed the body, next his wand shot into his hand much of the same way mine did. Relatively fast draw. I commented to myself. He didn't cast anything, but I could tell he thought about it. I decided to break the tension before he did something stupid. "You alright?" He ignored my question. "How much did you hear?" Nott asked. "You have your orders." I said simply. Relief flooded through him when I said that, happy that I didn't know anything direct. "Voldemort has a task for you?" I asked deciding to be blunt. "And you don't like it." He flinched at the name. "That's none of your business Weasley." Nott responded. "I have a feeling it will be. I can protect you, from him." I told him. He laughed at that, I didn't. I kept a cold gaze on him the entire time, trying to demonstrate that I was serious. "No one can." "That's simply not true. Sometime soon, I will get a message to you, and then I will prove to you that I can. Understood?" I finished with a question. "Wha..?" I interrupted him. "I can give you your freedom." Then I walked out. I missed the sorting. I thought to myself noticing that our conversation took significantly longer than I thought. Umbridge was in the middle of her speech when I opened the door to the great hall. Her words died at the interruption. I found my seat next to Harry with all eyes on me. "Hem, hem…" And then I tuned her out. She will not torture anyone this year. I will not allow it. I told myself trying to contain my anger at her future actions. "Where have you been mate?" Harry whispered beside me. "I'll tell you later. We need to have a talk somewhere private tomorrow, this year will be huge." I told him. Luckily the pink toad finished her speech and food was brought out for us to eat. I caught Dumbledore's eye multiple times during the night, trying to get an audience. I succeeded on the third try, with multiple nods of my head, very indiscreet stuff. He finished his dinner and leaned to whisper something in McGonagall's ear and walked behind the professor's table and ...disappeared. I took it as my cue and got up with a goodbye to Harry and Hermione and left the great hall, heading in the direction of the headmasters office. Soon enough I was there and without the need of a password, the staircase started spinning. I hopped on it like the few times I had been here before. I rose into the legendary man office and was surprised to find him already waiting on me. I was sure I would beat him back. "You were very discreet in your attempts to speak to me Mr. Weasley." Dumbledore joked from behind his desk. "Your last letter said we would need to talk at the beginning of term." I responded. "I believe I meant sometime after the feast, or perhaps the next day." "Semantics." I said waving my hand in the air. He grinned at that. "Yes well this works all the same." He looked away from me after he told me that. "I have something for you." He said pointing to the papers on the desk. "I need you to sign here saying you understand the ramifications of taking your OWLs early. And here acknowledging the time and date." I silently whooped for joy, this meant that the paperwork had gone through the proper channels and was approved by everyone. All I had to do was sign the legal stuff, and take the tests during Yule break. It's great having Albus Dumbledore in your corner. I walked up to his desk and signed everything with the quill he had waiting for me. "I must admit that I need something in return Mr. Weasley." He started. I was actually surprised at that. "Oh?" "Yes, I'm afraid that I have enemies closing in on the school, enemies on all sides." Dumbledore looked three hundred years old when he said that. "So, much of the same?" I replied cheekily. He ignored my humor that time as he stood up and walked around to pet Fawkes. "I have much to do still, my friend." That wasn't for me obviously. Then he addressed me. "Umbridge will attempt to remove me from my post this year, and she has the backing of the ministry, she might succeed. I also have Voldemort and the Order to take care of, the school will need someone to protect it. I fear the staff are too ...reliant… on their positions to help." Meaning he needs them here as spies. And they are the best in their fields, he still wants us to get a good education. Can't have them oppose the ministry and get the boot for it. "I need someone with the spine to do what is necessary. Someone not afraid of the powers that be." He said that last part with a pointed look in my direction. "Why not Harry?" I asked. "He gets enough bad press with the media, it's part of the reason why I made him prefect over you. People need to see him doing things inside the law, he needs validity. More for the adults out there in the world, than the children." "And I don't." I said to myself than anyone else. Well that is a lot of pressure. I thought digesting his words. But it doesn't change anything. "It's a good thing I already thought of this then, headmaster." I told him before he could continue. He just looked at me, waiting for me to finish. "I want to start a defense group." "A defense group?" He asked with a tilt of his head and twinkle in his eye, not at all believing that it would be a defense group. "What would be the focus?" I knew better than to lie so I told the truth. "To prepare them for the war to come." Neither of us spoke then. Instead, he stared at me, and stared at me, and stared at me. I met his eyes with my own during the whole process, confident in my ability to defend my mind from any probes, none came. The twinkle in his eye was gone, he was thinking. "You want to create an army?" He asked. He was obviously trying to come to terms that I had already considered or had prepared myself to do just what he was asking. "No, no. The main focus of the group is to get everyone fourth year and up to be able to survive the war. The younger years can come but I won't be able to do much with them, their magic is too early in its development. That is the main focus, I promise." I answered. "And the other purpose?" "Unity, I want to invite everyone, not just Gryffindor, I don't care if their father is a death eater, I don't care if they have the mark. I want to create comradery between people of our ages that will last for the rest of our lives." I gambled telling him my whole plan but I know he has good intentions and he can see the benefit. "You want to try and save some of the children from the sins of their father? Show them a better way? But you would risk showing your talents to do it? Tom will know of your abilities, your advancements, immediately and not just yours, he will know Harry's too. He will take measures against you. Are you prepared for that?" Dumbledore asked me but he knew that I have been thinking this over. "There was always going to be a time when I would step onto the battlefield, this just prepares everyone else around me a little more." I said in response. "Your family ...Fleur?" He asked then, searching for a weakness in my plans. So he knows about her. I thought and remembered that my family knew and so did the Order. But Voldy doesn't, and won't for a while. "She wouldn't let me hide her away if I tried. Plus, she is a capable witch." He smiled at that, but he didn't look convinced. "That's all good and well. But why? I don't intend to let your classmates ever see the war, they will be safe here." He told me. "We both know he is too much for you." I said simply and he flinched. "It's another reason why you're putting Harry as prefect, getting him used to the responsibility of keeping everyone in line, letting other people see him in a position of authority. You're grooming him to lead if you fall." He actually smiled then, not a grin like normal and no twinkling. He actually smiled like he had been caught red handed. "Why come to me and not McGonagall?" Dumbledore asked me then. "Your stamp of approval is much harder to remove than hers." I answered. His eyes twinkled then before he replied. "Oh this will be fun." A/N: Dumbledore being Dumbledore. GUYS, FLEUR SCENE IS COMING SOON I PROMISE. Sorry, had to get that out there before you mentioned it in the reviews. What do we think? Theodore Nott making an appearance, anyone guess why he wants freedom and not the dark mark? What about the plans for a new and improved DA? Do you think Umbridge will be able to stop them when Dumbledore has put his stamp of approval on? Let's talk about it.
Hey everyone, Enjoy the chapter. I feel like I need to remind everyone that I post a new chapter every Sunday. I've gotten some reviews about it and I feel like it needs to be said again. Anyway there is an authors note at the bottom! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Two days until classes start. I browsed my curriculum list the day after we arrived at Hogwarts for our fifth year. September 1st, 1995 fell on a Friday. Not sure if it was the same in my original world, I was only about four months old at the time. Breakfast was a simple affair this morning, I was literally the only student up and about at seven thirty in the morning. Everyone else was too tired from the train ride home and the activities of last night, so they must have slept in. Or they're just teenagers. My mind supplied as the most obvious answer. McGonagall must be used to my normal early morning routines from last year because she had my classes ready for me when I got here this morning. How will it work after I take my OWLs early? Will I continue to stay in fifth year classes? I couldn't help but think as I looked at the schedule. It seemed like I take all of my classes in the day back to back with hardly any breaks, but when there are breaks, they're definitely longer than they used to be. Some days it favored the morning and others it favored the afternoon. Probably to help us out. Long uninterrupted breaks are best. I decided that my questions needed to be answered so I finished up my breakfast and headed back towards the professors table. McGonagall was there, creating neat stacks of curriculum by year. "Professor." I started to get her attention. "Yes, Mr. Weasley?" She answered, looking up from the table. "How will it work after I take my OWLs? Will I just Hop into the sixth year classes, or….?" I asked. She stopped what she was doing and her face twisted into confusion. Before she could open her mouth and answer I decided to clear things up a bit, clearly she didn't know that I am taking my OWLs early. "You do know that I am taking my OWLs during yule this year, right?" I asked her already knowing the answer but pushing the conversation the way that I wanted it to go. She didn't actually react to that statement like I thought she would. She answered with a stare and a flat. "No, I did not know that." She answered. I just nodded to her then and turned around to walk out. Why wouldn't Dumbledore tell her? Wonder what she would say to me taking the Arithmancy OWL? "Mr. Weasley." She called to get my attention. I obeyed and turned around, meeting her eyes. "I am not done with you." She wagged a finger and pointed to the floor before her. "Explain." "Well, I had a talk with Dumbledore this summer about it and he approved. So we submitted the paperwork, everything went smoothly and I even signed the legal stuff last night after the feast." I finished with a look on my face that must have shown my worries, because she noticed. "Don't worry, it's fine, it just would have been nice to know, as your head of house." She told me rubbing her eyes. "Assuming everything goes smoothly, meaning you pass and do well in all of the subjects, then technically you wouldn't have to attend any classes the second half of the school year. Now, one thing I think the headmaster and I would agree on is that you should be pushed a little. So, yes, you'll be 'dumped' into the sixth year class in January. No you don't have a choice." When she finished, her attention focused on finishing the sorting of the curriculums. "Thank you professor." I said turning around and heading towards the entrance of the great hall. I was once again interrupted by a fluttering of wings and the sight of Pidwidgeon flapping his way towards me with a letter in his clutches. I held out my arm for him to land on and moved to swipe some bacon from the table. He landed softly because of his small stature and accepted the treat with a hoot and an extended leg. I grabbed it swiftly and he took off as I continued my journey to the Room of Requirement. My feet walked the familiar path without me even thinking about it as I opened the letter and began to read. Ron, Still want to learn a little about warding? Next Saturday, eight a.m., meet at Gringotts. Ask for me when you arrive. Your most handsome brother Bill. I laughed a bit at the end of the letter and mentally planned on being there. I didn't have a way to send him confirmation, since Pidwidgeon already flew off. I could use Hedwig, I guess. Oh wait. I thought as I remembered the journal hidden away in my robes. I paced three times in front of the Room of Requirement and pulled out the trusty journal. I opened it to the front page and couldn't help but smile at the words that graced my eyes. I miss you. I read in the neat perfect handwriting of Fleur. The time stamp told me it was two a.m., which is weird because she normally has no trouble going to sleep around eleven every night. I walked into the room and once again a smile blossomed across my face as I took in my normal studying room with the great windows on one side, providing one of the best views I've ever seen. I couldn't help but notice that on the table there stood a new picture frame that I wasn't familiar with. I walked around to see what graced the inside of it and there she was. A picture of Fleur the day of the yule ball, in her silver dress and smiling at me. This room is too perceptive. I thought to myself. I miss you too. I wrote back to her and sat down at the desk I was so familiar with. I pulled out another book from my robes, A Beginners Guide to Casting For the Learned, and set it on the table. It disappeared as I made my desire for it to be put back where I got it from known. Then I thought about the specific book I wanted to look at now that I was back in the castle. The book dropped onto the table, and I was slightly surprised. I half expected for Dumbledore to hide it off of Hogwarts so I couldn't get a hold of it. The Mind Palace. I thought to myself taking a look at the book. A vibration ran across the desk breaking my concentration from the book and bringing it to the journal. MMMMMhmmmm :(. She wrote and I couldn't help but laugh because I knew that meant that it was too early, and now she was rolling over leaving the journal open with the pen in it, completely forgetting about it as she tried to go back to sleep. Wake up and give me attention. I wrote to her knowing her reaction. Sorry, too busy sleeping. Came her cheeky reply that made literally zero sense. We have a date next Saturday. I told her not even bother disputing the validity of her claims of sleep. What if I have plans? She wrote back and I frowned in response. Jk, what're we doing? She asked and I laughed again for what felt like the fiftieth time during this conversation before I replied. We're gonna go learn about wards and ward breaking with Bill. Sound fun? I asked knowing she'd be happy with learning more about magic. I doubt there is much your brother could teach me about warding, but ward breaking? Very fun! She replied. I knew that she might already know more about ward breaking than I do but she would come with me just to spend the day with me, regardless of what we did. That thought made me giddy inside. Good, now you can go back to sleep. Oh and can you tell Bill that we're coming when you see him Monday? I finally finished taking pity on her. Yes. Goodnight, I'll ttyl. She replied and I couldn't help but think that teaching her about all of the SMS language was my best idea since entering this world. I sat the book down and picked up The Mind Palace in a burst of bravery. I flipped through the familiar pages until I got to the end. Nothing. I'm still not ready. I thought to myself confused. I had been practicing nearly everyday for a while now, I know for a fact that I could detect and ward off even the most skilled legilimens of the world. What am I missing? Monday came soon enough and with it the start of the school year. I had History of Magic to start the day off and I was so happy that I skipped it, with plans to skip every class from now on. Potions came after that until lunch, and then Divination until a double DADA to end the day. I didn't attend Divination either. So it left me with a break before DADA. That left me with more time to study and plan every Monday morning, since I wouldn't be attending History of Magic, a little against the terror of this year, Umbridge. I made a post that would go up in all of the popular hallways and would sit on each table in the great hall for dinner Monday night. The post would detail the new group that welcomed everyone of all houses and years, to practice magic and help each other throughout the year. Then I made little notes that were small, easy to slide into the students robes without anyone noticing. The note would detail the true reasoning behind the group, to help everyone with DADA this year, since we would have an incompetant teacher. I didn't put anything in it about my motivations of creating unity and developing friendships between houses, more specifically Slytherin, to try and cut out Voldemort's influence in the school. Nor did I mention that it was because a war is coming and they need to be able to protect themselves. I had a lot of fun looking up and mastering a particular spell that allowed me to stick the posting to surfaces, and make it fairly durable. No one would be able to take it down by hand, it would require magic and some knowhow to remove them. The spell was designed with this exact purpose in mind. I also have a lot of ideas of how to use it to combat bigotry and all of the nonsense of the Daily Prophet. Some type of media of my own to spread the truth. I'll need someone to write counter articles though, I don't have the time. I thought as I finished up my Potions essay that was assigned earlier in the morning. I gathered up my materials and headed in the direction of the DADA classroom, I wanted to catch Harry before he could enter. I waited patiently for him, even as most of the other students entered the classroom. He was towards the back, as usual and I grabbed him as he walked by. "Wondered where you were mate." Harry said as noticed me. "Skipping two classes on the first day? Bold." "You won't see me in either of those classes a lot this year." I told him honestly but didn't let him respond because we didn't have long. "I need you to get detention for at least one night, Harry." I requested. "I thought you told me to lay low this year?" He asked bringing up what we talked about in the summer. It seemed like a good plan at the time but we couldn't take a passive approach with the types of enemies we have. Fortune favors the bold. I thought. "Change of plans, we're going to make a splash this year." I told him which was a complete one-eighty of our previous plan. "I got approval from Dumbledore." I added at the end so he wouldn't question it too much. I told him to lay low in the summer, build his power in secret, but I told him that because I couldn't mention anything about my future knowledge, his occlumency is just not where it needs to be. So I couldn't tell him about Umbridge either, nor about her teaching methods. He has no idea about the defense group yet, nor does he know how bad this class is about to go. He didn't respond immediately, thinking about what I asked before he responded. "Ok, I'll do it." I nodded and we walked into the room and took our seats that Hermione saved us, just as the last bell rang. There was obviously some awkward silences before we sat down but with the bell, Umbridge decided to speak. "Well, good afternoon!" She started. Mumbles was all she got in response, I stayed quiet. "Tut, Tut, That won't do, now, will it? I should like you, please, to reply 'Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge.' One more time, please. Good afternoon, class!" My mouth moved but no sound came out. It's just as bad as the books, no worse. I thought as she continued and I did my best to tune it out. I did notice everyone put up their wands and bring out quills though. I continued to tune her out, instead I started to notice everyone else's expressions. Confusion, anger, a smile? Oh Malfoy understands. I thought taking in the faces around the room. The board then changed as her same message in the books appeared on the blackboard. Then everyone started writing and I just stared at the board for a moment before pretending to write everything down. In reality I wrote 'Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.' over and over. "Yes, Professor Umbridge." The class rang out and she started speaking again. Everyone's head dropped as they began to read and Hermione's hand shot up, determination written all over her face. I laughed internally about the spectacle that was about to happen. Everyone looked back at Hermione now and I realized that I had already missed part of the conversation. "Using defensive spells?" Umbridge parroted Hermione and I tuned into the convo. "Why, I can't imagine any situation arising in my classroom that would require you to use a defensive spell, Miss Granger. You surely aren't expecting to be attacked during class." In the books, it was I that spoke next but Harry beat me to it. "So you don't want us to actually use magic?" He said without a hand raised. "Students raise their hands when they wish to speak in my class, Mr. Potter." Umbridge spoke. I grabbed Hermione's hand to stop it from shooting up knowing Harry was making his move. She gave me a look and I shook my head in response. No one noticed, everyone was too focused on Harry's hand rising, dropping the sleeve a little and showing off his wand holster. That's perfect. I thought to myself. People will notice, and it will spread. It will add to his credibility. He made no move to drop his hand or hide his holster, although he did make a face realizing he just showed it off. Umbridge stared at it long and hard. In the books this is when everyone else started talking out of turn but it was different now. A different boy-who-lived had his hand up now, and no one interrupted their stare off. Harry got tired of waiting. "Why won't we be using any defensive spells, Professor." Oddly enough, she didn't correct him for speaking out of turn. But she did respond in much the same manner as the books again. "Are you a Ministry-trained educational expert, Potter?" She asked without the use of Mr. "No." He answered and was about to respond before Umbridge cut him off. "Well then, I'm afraid you are not qualified to question the ministries teaching methods. Wizards much older and cleverer than you have devised our new program of study. You will be learning about defensive spells in a secure, risk-free way-" "Sounds useless." Harry interrupted then and finally she trilled like the books. "Hand, Mr. Potter!" Then everyone had their hands in the air, and the discussion continued like the books. People would put their hands up and ask a question. Umbridge would interrupt and give an answer. Someone would speak out of turn and then a student would talk without their hands up and she would trill something like 'your hand is not up!'. I once again tuned the conversation out until Harry spoke again. "And what good's theory going to be in the real world?" Harry said with his hand in the air. "This is school, Mr. Potter, not the real world." She answered. "So we can't be prepared for what's coming?" Harry asked and I knew he was about to do what I asked and 'make a splash'. "There is nothing coming, Mr. Potter." Umbridge told him. "War is coming." I interrupted without my hand in the air and she did not correct me. We made eye contact and her eyes just narrowed at me. "And Voldemort." Harry spoke before she could. The whole class gasped and Neville fell out of his chair. I cackled inside at the reactions. "Ten points from Gryffindor." Umbridge spoke but no one seemed to care, everyone just stared at Harry, who still had his hand up. "Now let me make a few things quite plain." She started before standing up from behind her desk. "You have been told that a certain Dark wizard has returned from the dead…" "Wasn't dead but yea, he's back." Harry spoke interrupting her. Harry is getting angry but he isn't nearly as angry as described in the books. He's calculated. "Mr. Potter, don't make matters worse for yourself. As I was saying, you been informed that a certain Dark wizard is at large once again. This is a lie." Umbridge told us and expected Harry to begin shouting but he didn't. "Are you sure?" Harry asked. "I can prove it, you know." "Nonsense, Mr. Potter. No need to lie to impress your classmates. If you continue you will earn yourself a detention." She responded after a moment of hesitation. How could he prove it? I thought before I realized. He can't, but he doesn't have to, people will think he can regardless. He's starting to understand, he's starting to play the game his enemies play. The ritual has done a lot for him. "I crossed wands with him after he killed Cedric Diggory, Professor. He is back." Harry almost whispered the end and that was finally enough for Umbridge. "Detention, Mr. Potter! Tomorrow evening. Five o'clock. My office. I repeat, this is a lie. The Ministry of Magic guarantees that you are not in danger from any Dark wizard. If you are still worried, by all means come and see me outside class hours. If someone is alarming you with fis about rebord dark wizards, I would like to hear about it. I am here to help I am ..." Umbridge screamed but was interrupted again. "Yes! If you are worried, go to the professor who teaches you nothing. Ask her to save you as his Death Eaters walk over the corpses of your friends!" Harry shouted as he stood up. "Wake up, the Ministry sends us this toad to teach us to protect ourselves?!" Then he did something that I would have never expected. He drew his wand fast, almost as fast as I, and pointed it towards the teacher. "Stupefy." He spoke and made the wand motions. I expected a red light to come out of his wand and hit her but nothing came out. It's a demonstration, he's making a point. I thought realizing what he was doing. I looked at Umbridge and she was terrified, she hadn't even drawn her wand, and everyone noticed. Silence. Then Harry spoke again before Umbridge reacted and kicked him out. "She didn't even have time to draw her wand, and this is who they send to teach us Defense? Does the Ministry want us dead?" He said pointing to her shocked face but talking to the classroom. She snapped out of her dazed state then screaming. "Everyone Out! Class dismissed, I want a page on the first chapter of the book by Friday! Mr. Potter, come with me." She started around her desk to him and he sheathed his wand with a smile on his face. "Of course, Professor." Harry said cheekily. I got up to follow but I did it discreetly. Hermione looked at me with her jaw literally on the floor, as did the rest of the class. "Ron, what just happened." She asked me. "That, Hermione, is Harry making a splash." I said with a laugh. I strode through the hallways with purpose towards the common room, looking for a certain duo of red heads. I got there quickly and spoke the password to let me inside. Luckily they were both sitting at a table doing homework or something. I crossed over to them quickly before I sat down opposite them, a grin on my face. "Ronnikins has this weird look on his face, Gred." George told his twin when he noticed me. "Is it …" Fred said before they both simultaneously said. "Mischief?" They echoed. "Definitely my favorite brothers, and I need your help." "Favorite?" George started. "Brothers?" Fred finished. "That is too kind, truly. What is it you have in mind?" I smiled before I slammed down a stack full of papers. They took one look at the cover of it before smiling widely. "Oh you have to tell us the story behind this Ronnikins." Later that night, everyone would leave the great hall after dinner and head towards their dorms for the night. Every ten feet on the way to each common room they would see a piece of paper stuck to the wall. The piece of paper had a few words, but the main attraction is a wizarding picture that would replay the same scene over and over again. Harry with his wand pointed at Umbridge, and her helpless with her face a perfect picture of a horrified victim. At the bottom of the photo the words 'Stupefy' would appear as he flicked his wand. Underneath it all, there was a simple question. 'IS THIS WHO THE MINISTRY SENDS TO TEACH US DEFENSE?' A/N: Making a splash Harry, don't cause a tsunami, jeez. Finally got everyone a small Fleur scene. Obviously she'll play a bigger role next chapter. I personally don't like including a lot of scenes that J.K. Rowling did herself, seems cheap to me. That's why I jump around the scene before changing it completely. Ron understands the importance media plays with influencing the media, so he's trying to counter that the best he can. GUYS I NEED IDEAS FOR THE NAME OF THE DEFENSE GROUP. NOT SURE IF I'M GONNA USE DA OR NOT SO I NEED OPTIONS. Put your suggestions in the reviews and if I like it, I'll give you a shout out! Harry is not the same guys? What did we think about it? Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Back again with the latest chapter. We kick it off with Harry's detention and that's all your getting from me. As always there is an authors note at the bottom. Rated M for a reason. Disclaimer: I own nothing. "Come in." A high pitched whiny voice called from behind the door. Harry looked back to me, or where he knew I was waiting behind him in his invisibility cloak. I held Creevey's camera in my left hand while I clasped the cloak closed with my right. I could have gotten away with the disillusionment but I didn't want to risk her seeing me or having wards to alert her. Plus Harry practically shoved the famous Hallow in my hand. We entered the room and immediately I was assaulted by the color pink. You've got to be fucking kidding me. I thought to myself as I stayed behind Harry as he walked in. It's unnecessary but I couldn't help it. "Mr. Potter, have a seat." Umbridge said from behind her desk. She had a ridiculous smile on her face. No doubt, the prospect of torturing the boy-who-lived turns her on, fucking bitch. Maybe my hatred of her from my past life is affecting my judgement but I can't help but hate her. Harry did as she asked and sat in the front seat, closest to her, just like we discussed. She got up once he did and reached into her drawer. She pulled out a stack of paper, and on top say an unassuming quill. I knew better. A blood quill, deemed illegal unless by permit or by binding lawful documents by the ministry, after the turn of the twentieth century. I thought to myself, remembering the legal document Fleur owled me before this year started. She walked over to Harry's desk and I moved, silenced, to behind her desk and off to the left, for a better picture. All Harry had to do was write a single line on the paper where the camera could see his blood on his hand and we would have her. She'll be taken out of the game before she can even start. I thought remembering the plan we concocted. "You'll be writing lines, Mr. Potter." She started and Harry interrupted. "Is that all?" He asked with a healthy dose of sass. She didn't react then but I could see her smile become slightly tighter before continuing. "I don't know how you got out of expulsion, for attacking a Professor, but it doesn't matter. One more thing the ministry will change by the end of the year." She told him, baiting him. He didn't bite on the bait, instead he kept his sassy tone before replying. "Dumbledore has a soft spot for me, didn't you know? No headmaster in their right mind would expel the 'boy-who-lived', other schools would grovel at my feet to have the opportunity after all." Harry smirked at her the entire time he spoke. I'm impressed. My mind supplied as I processed his words. Let her think you're just as arrogant as everyone says you are, control your image. When the time is right, show your power, make them wonder how they could have gotten it so wrong. She turned around with an ever brighter smile on her face, convinced that Harry needs the punishment he is about to endure. She sat back down behind her desk when Harry spoke again. "Plus." Harry continued and I silently cast a disillusionment on myself under the cloak. "Neither of us think I attacked you Professor, I simply showed my classmates how incompetant you are, nothing more, nothing less." He hissed 'professor', using his parseltongue abilities to get the word out. I took the cloak off slowly and laid it on the floor, then I waited for her reaction. She did nothing to indicate that I could be seen by the visible eye or by her wards so my left hand, the one holding the camera, slowly rose to capture the scene. I must have made a distortion in the air because Harry's eyes shifted slightly before reaching down and grabbing the quill. "We'll see what the Minister thinks about the situation, Mr. Potter. Not even you can get away with attacking me. You'll be made an example of eventually. For now, I want you to write, 'I am harmless.' over and over until I tell you to stop." Umbridge spoke and I swore her face was about to split in half because of her smile. No doubt, she thought herself clever for coming up with the phrase that he would scar into his own skin. A way to get back at him for his demonstration in class, and also to oppose the propaganda that still clung to the tables in the Great Hall and the hallways. I'm glad I get to ruin your fun, Delores. Harry smiled at her order, seeing the situation for what it was for. He's starting to see the game. I thought as I prepared myself to take the picture, I put the camera up to my eye. "Of course, Professor." Harry hissed out again. Umbridge faltered at that, her eyebrows scrunched at his happiness. Her face corrected itself quickly. Harry put the quill on the page and drew it down sharply, he made no sound as the skin on his hand split open to mirror the page. A flash lit the room as I stepped towards her, my disillusionment charm and silencing charm dropped at the same time in accordance with my will. I drew my wand immediately as my left hand held onto the camera. "Stupefy!" Umbridge shouted in reflex when she heard my footsteps. She only half turned in her seat. I knew the attack was coming so I quickly batted the spell into the wall of the castle. A second after that, Delores had an ethereal blade resting on her skin, that extended from the tip of my wand to her neck, right where the jugular is. No one spoke but I did notice Harry was standing and had his wand in his hand, a reaction from her spell. I held out the camera for him to take and he wasted no time in retrieving it from my hand. I then reached forward and snatched Umbridges wand from her still outstretched hand, she hadn't moved since she realized what was resting on her neck. The wood felt dead, defeated. My own wand vibrated happily. Normally wizards and witches rest the tip of their wand on the skin of their enemies when they get the drop on them, but I am not stupid. It's ridiculously easy to catch that wizard or witch off guard and engage in physical confrontation, something that would distract a lot of people from casting any spells. My way of doing things is much more efficient, one slip of the hand and you'd be dead in minutes. I dropped the spell as I back away from her. I called my magic from beneath my skin and my wand sang as my will channeled through it's familiar wood. My hand flicked her direction. The world reacted immediately and Delores was bound in ropes that held her feet, hands, and throat to her chair. "I expected you to be screaming at me by now Professor." I said handing Harry her wand and grabbing the camera from him in return. "Mr. Weasley, you have no idea what you've done, do you?" Umbridge asked. "I know exactly what I have done." I told her as I removed the film from the camera, expertly. A result of playing with the thing and figuring it out no more than thirty minutes prior. My wand rose again and I momentarily relished the power that it gave me as I once again cast a spell through it. The film in my hand rose into the air and stopped a few feet from me. With my wand still outstretched to it, I unrolled it a little with a deviation of the levitation spell. The enlargement charm made the film bigger for the whole room to see. The severing charm cut the end of the film that held the picture of Harry holding a blood quill, doing lines for our Defense Against the Dark Arts professor. I casually flicked my wand again and the film slowly developed in front of our eyes. First it formed into a single piece of paper, then ink formed on top of that, and finally color was added to form the whole picture. All caused by a spell that could be found in the library for most, for me, the Room of Requirement held the knowledge I required, right beside the variation of the sticking charm that I utilized so brilliantly, yesterday. There is a surprising amount of publication spells in the library, and by extension, the ROR. If Colin Creevey can do it, then so can I. I thought to myself as the spell finished. My wand dropped but the paper stayed in the air, fluttering slightly because of my will. "I'll repeat, I know exactly what I have done, swine." I snarled the last word out. "Do you?" My wand rose again when I realized I hadn't made sure no one would hear us. I love magic. I told myself as I felt the overpowered spell meant to make eavesdropping our conversation impossible take effect. I finally turned back to Umbridge and she was not smiling at all. Instead her face showed confusion with a hint of amazement. Her lip trembled as she thought through everything. She's slowly figuring out that I have her backed into a corner. Harry stood off to the side, twirling her wand between his fingers. "You subjected the boy-who-lived to torture, with an object that the ministry, your employer, deemed illegal in 1902. All for him playing a harmless prank on you in class. He's just lashing out you know, he watched a good friend get killed right in front of his eyes last year. Poor kid was just trying to cope in his own way. And you tortured him." I told her in a tone that one would take if they were discussing the issue over tea. Harry stopped twirling the wand at the reminder of Cedric's death for a moment before continuing. His eyes never left her form, and I could swear that he was trying his best impression of a basilisk. "At least that's what the Daily Prophet will say once they see this. Tsk, tsk, Delores, what will this do to Fudge?" I asked her guiding her along the path I wanted her to see. "He might even be kicked out of office. The public will think he stepped down, but we will know won't we?" She didn't answer. She was too shocked to do anything apparently, so I waited. I waited for her to speak, so that I could be sure she would understand the next part. "It was you. You put up that propaganda against me." Umbridge spat out eventually. I smiled, feeling like an evil villain, relishing in his victory. "I did. Harry, played his role perfectly." I answered. "You planned all of this? Why? What did I do to you?!" She yelled the last bit. I didn't answer and neither did Harry. "I'm ruined." She said aloud again. "Yes you are." I paused. "You were planning on making children torture themselves in detention for you!" My wand is still visible as I start to yell. "And then you would slowly start to try and kick Dumbledore out of the school, the one person protecting us from Voldemort. I couldn't let that happen Delores, surely you understand." "Do you know what happens next?" I asked her as she started sobbing. I hate ugly criers.. She didn't respond so I walked over to her and grabbed her by the hair, forcing her to look my in my eyes. "DO YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT!?" I yelled the question. "No!" She managed to get out in between her sobs. I let go of her hair and it slumped, only held up by the ropes digging into her skin. I bent down in front of her before I spoke. "Nothing." Her head rose slowly once I said that, and she looked into my eyes, happy. "Nothing?" She parroted back to me. "That's correct, Delores. Nothing, you'll do your job, you'll teach Defense however you want to. Detentions will be sent to Filch, McGonagall, or another Professor, anyone but you. No one will serve detention with you, do you understand?" I said the last part with a slam of my hand on the desk to grab her attention. "Do you understand?" She jumped when I did that and stammered out her response. "Yes! Yes! I understand, detentions with anyone but me!" "Good. If you do that then this..." I said pointing to the picture floating in the middle of the room. "...doesn't get out, no one has to know. We all go about our happy lives, yea?" She nodded once again. "Good." I told her as I walked out of the room, grabbing the camera and motioning for Harry to follow. He did but right before we passed the threshold and passed into the hallway, he dropped her wand on the ground. "Oops." Harry said with a laugh as we walked into the hallway. I looked at him and realized that this is a completely different person than what he would have been if I hadn't 'merged' with Ron Weasley. Sirius, the mind ritual, me, and everything else has had a tremendous effect on him. "You're bloody mad. No, brilliant, mate!" Harry exclaimed as his stepps caught up to mine and we walked side by side down the hallway. I handed Harry the camera once more and he took it without question. Then I waved my wand over the paper and a duplicate appeared. I grabbed a letter out of my robes and folded it up along with the original picture of Harry. "I need you to send this out for me." I told him handing him the letter. I could have done it myself but I knew that pigwidgeon wasn't in the owelry. "Why are you sending this to Fleur?" He asked looking at the name on the letter. "Because that is the only thing that will keep Umbridge in line this year, what do you think her next move is?" I asked in response. "She'll try to destroy the evidence. But you made a copy, what does it matter?" Harry asked finding a hole in my plan, or at least he thought he did. Fair question. I thought before answering. "Any copies made with the spell that I just used can be destroyed, if you can get your hands on the original. Half a days worth of research would tell anyone that, and I bet she'll figure it out soon." I answered before continuing to explain it better. "That's why magical books are still done by printing press, or by hand in some cases. Authors don't want their works to be copied willy nilly, after all. That's exactly what happened before someone came up with the potion to destroy every copy of a piece of paper that was created magically. Technically she could get a copy and use the potion, but it would only destroy everything made after that copy, following?" I asked him, realizing that my words were getting a little hard to follow. He nodded confidently and I continued. "So I'm sending the original somewhere she'll never get it. And every copy will be made from this copy, so even if she gets this one, I can have Fleur send me another copy. Do you copy?" I added a joke there at the end. "10-4." Harry said in response to my corny joke. "Good now I have a question for you." I said as we walked along the corridors to our destination. "How have you been feeling since the ritual?" I whispered that last bit. He seemed surprised at the question but recovered quickly. "Great, fantastic actually." I gave him a bland look. "...and." He smiled at that. "Well magic has been so much easier and ...fun lately. I'm enjoying my time spent behind books, and casting the magic afterwards." I smiled too, because I understand exactly what he's talking about. Then I elaborated a little on the question. "That's good. What about your magic, has anything changed, what about your mind or your interests?" I asked the last part without a smile. "Yea a lot. It's a lot easier to pick up on the theory of pretty much everything..." That's normal, I'm the same way. "...and I find myself wanting to change things in my life. I guess it's a lot of the same with my magic, defense was always my specialty but now it seems like offensive spells are much easier to learn and more powerful." He continued talking about it as we walked on but I couldn't shake the bad feeling that I was getting. The weirdest part was that my eyes kept getting drawn to a single spot the entire conversation. His lightning bolt shaped scar. I arrived to the Diagon Alley apparition point with a crack that signified me bending space to my desires. I still haven't perfected it. I thought hearing the audible pop that apparition made until mastery, where it would become silent. I shoved that thought to the back of my mind as I began walking towards Gringotts to meet up with Fleur and Bill. It is fairly early on a Saturday so there isn't a lot of people walking the streets. It didn't take me long to find myself before the steps of the goblin nation. The air on the right side of the steps shimmered and my wand found its way into my hand on reflex alone. It wasn't needed as the person dropped the disillusionment charm immediately and latched themselves onto me in a hug. Vanilla assaulted my nose and platinum blonde filled my vision as Fleur tried to smother me with her body. "Hello to you to." I told her finally embracing her. "Hello." She mumbled from my neck. I brought her face back towards mine and our lips danced with each other. It might have been a little inappropriate for public, and on the front steps of her employer, but we didn't care. She responded with equal passion and I had to pull away eventually. She disagreed with her teeth biting my bottom lip. "I've missed you too, love." I told her with a smile, she also smiled but couldn't take her eyes off my lips. "Now that we've gotten that out of the way." I heard from behind Fleur. Bill stood at the top of the steps. Guess I was too distracted. I thought berating myself at being caught off guard. "Enjoy the show big brother?" I spoke since it was obvious Fleur wouldn't, considering she hadn't let go of me yet. Gotta love a little clinginess. I thought reaching my hand down and squeezing her perfect rear. She squeaked then and finally let go of me with a pout. Bill and I just met eye contact and smiled at each other at the display. "I would rather watch goblins copulate, little brother." He jabbed back at me. I couldn't help but laugh at that one. I decided to change the topic and move on to why we were actually meeting. "So, where are we off to?" "A nice little cottage down the road." He said as he offered his hands to us. Fleur glared at him and grabbed my arm as I reached out to grab his arm. The world twisted as I embraced the side-along apparition. Internally I was slightly impressed at Bill's confidence in taking the two of us with him. It becomes exponentially harder to apparate the more people are added. All three of us landed gracefully on a beach head. The sun beating down on the sand did make the transition harder considering the change in the brightness of the landscape. I turned around to see exactly where it was that we were at and could immediately tell that we were a good distance from civilization. The sand met a stony cliffside that I could see was at least sixty feet above us. The ocean lapped at the shores and there were no land markers anywhere in the water, nor were there boats. "A nice little cottage huh?" I said after I got done looking around. A memory hit me then, a memory of Dumbledore and Harry searching a cave for something, something relating to Voledmort, but I couldn't remember what they were searching for. I did remember the dangers that lay within, however. "Bill, tell me we're not looking for a cave." I said to him. "I'm afraid I can't do that." He responded with a grin. I flicked my wrist and drew my wand, prepared for the worst as he started walking towards the cliff side. "Dumbledore had reasons for calling me back home, little brother." Bill told me and I looked back to Fleur, more to make sure that she was alright considering how quiet she is being. "What reasons?" I practically demanded. "He's searching for something, along the coasts. Says it's crucial in defeating You-Know-Who. My position in Gringotts gives me access to information that is needed for this particular mission. And also to keep an eye on you. You have drawn the eyes of some powerful people Ron." He told me as he kept walking to the cliff face. I followed, making sure I kept my body in front of Fleur's in case something happened. "How does Gringotts have information that is crucial?" I asked, not interested in the last part of his sentence. I knew all along I would gather attention if I strove to reach the top. "Gringotts has intertwined themselves with the ministry. They hold most, if not all of the legal documentation of properties in their archives. Dumbledore is trying to follow a paper trail to a specific point in Voldemort's past, he thinks he bought some properties under a false name some years ago. I'm scouring through the information, sometimes that means seeing the property for myself." Bill told us as we followed him to a small alcove hidden along the wall. The hole is no bigger than a doorway you would find in your normal home. It was something that you wouldn't see if you weren't specifically looking for it, a great hiding spot. "It just so happens that this one is warded." Bill said as he presented us the cave entrance. "Don't worry, it's been abandoned for over forty years. Shouldn't run into anyone." "Why do places like this exist?" I asked naively. "Anything really. It can be to live in privacy, to hide something, to hide someone." This time it was Fleur that answered as she ran her wand on the air in front of the cave. Bill took notice of her actions. "I always heard veela were sensitive to magic." He spoke watching her. I started to notice it too, her wand traced through the air and there were slight distortions following its path. "Not all of us are, but some are born with the talent. Others grow upon that talent." She added that last part for our benefit. I guess that means she is fairly sensitive to it. I thought watching her. My own wand rose and I drew my magic to the surface of my skin and into the wand but not casting any magic, trying to replicate what she was doing. I stepped closer to the distortions but not through it, Bill and Fleur watched me closely. My wand met resistance and I could feel it. It was that feeling of when your ear popped, suddenly you could 'hear' different. That's the best I can describe it. Then I listened to what the magic was trying to tell me. I didn't have to try hard. The sound cancelling barrier was apparent, as was the one way light cancelling barrier. It was directed towards the inside of the cave, so that no sound or light spilled onto the beach. The other part of the ward felt like a muggle repelling ward, but I wasn't sure. I voiced my theories and I heard them both intake air and then Fleur laughed. "Of course you would get it on your first try." She said. "What was supposed to happen? Was I right?" I asked. "Yes you are correct. Nothing should have happened, you shouldn't have been able to find them. Your wand wouldn't have made them react at all." She answered. I frowned at that, confused before I remembered the most important rule of magic. "It's all about intent." A snort from Bill was the only response I got. He mumbled something about child prodigies but I ignored him. "Technically this isn't my first try." I said turning back towards them. "I'm kind of keyed into the wards of Black family house." I told them realizing how ridiculous it sounded. "They are ...much stronger than these and much easier to feel." Bill was the one who laughed then. "Sirius ...I have no words." He said dumbfounded at the information. "That still doesn't explain it." Fleur stated after his exclamation. "You're supposed to feel those wards, these…" She said pointing towards the cave. "...you aren't. It seems you have some talent." I didn't actually believe her about that. Might be because I do nothing but eat sleep and breathe magic. I thought. After she finished speaking, she walked forward into the cave. I just watched her wanting to stop her in case of hostile wards. Then I realized that it has been abandoned for a long time, that and Bill didn't react to her walking forward either. We moved to follow and I immediately flicked my wand. Orbs of white light shot out and traveled along the corridor, sticking to the walls as they hit. Once they did we were greeted to the sight of a singular room with a large bed in the middle of it. Furniture you would normally see around bedroom was spread about and knocked over. "Not another one." Bill groaned from behind me. We stumbled upon a bedroom, and judging by the stains, a bedroom with one purpose: Sex. "This is normal?" I asked him, taking in the sight of the room relieved that Voldemort wasn't going to pop out of the shadows somewhere. "Unfortunately." He answered and Fleur laughed at her place beside the bed. I walked over to the closet in the corner wondering what I would find. I got closer and immediately felt the change in atmosphere. It wasn't a temperature change, it was just a warning not to do what I was about to do. "Guys." I said to get the attention to both of them and my wand flicked towards the door of the drawers Its doors opened and out spill a black mass of swirling darkness. It started coalescing and soon I was met with the sight of a small girl. She had blond hair and extremely light blue eyes. Freckles spotted her face, not too much, just the right amount to be looked like what might someday be mine and Fleur's child. And she was dead, by the looks of the blue in her lips and the blood staining her dress. I froze, terrified at the image. The effect lasted for all of two seconds before my brain kicked into gear and realized what it was that I was looking at. A Boggart. A white hot rage washed over me as my wand rose. I did not cast riddikulus as Lupin taught me a few years back. A blue flame shot out of my wand, no smoke accompanied it and it made no noise. It blazed a path to the boggart whose eyes widened before it consumed it. No noise was made in response to the blue flame engulfing it and the closet. I just watched as the little girl was reduced back into a black mist that became so fine it floated past me and out of the cave. The blue flame roared in front of me, waiting for it's next command. I stood there for an eternity, staring into the flame as it danced to my will. My mind raced, tracing its origins and where I learned it from. It stemmed from the 'protego diabolica' spell, except much more offensive in nature. The Black's of old loved the spell before the more powerful 'fiendfyre' became popular. For the second time that day, vanilla filled my nose as someone embraced my front. Fleur. I noted as I melted into her embrace. The blue flame died out with my anger as I reeled in my emotions. "..on. Are you ok?" She asked me from her place on my chest. I shook my head, trying not to think about the little girl and what she symbolizes. "No." I croaked out in response. "Come on. Let's go." Fleur told me. She let me go and turned to Bill. "I'm taking him." She said simply and all Bill could do was nod as he turned around and walked out of the cave. "Focus on our magic. This is how you break wards: brute force." I did as she asked and my mind drew inside to the force rolling underneath my skin, her own magic intertwining with mine. Then the world shattered before twisting around me. We landed in an apartment and once again my nose smells that familiar vanilla that I had come to love so much. She just ripped right through the wards ...Fleur's apartment. I thought taking in the decor of the room. I closed my eyes as I shook my head and once again focused on my occlumency lessons. Slowly the world started to make sense again as my emotions finally obeyed my will and settled down. I opened my eyes to find that I was on a bed with a warm mass connected to one side. Fleur's arm rubbed circles up and down my torso trying to console me. I took a second to digest the scene and appreciate the moment. Eventually I shifted and tried my best to melt into her body. She looked up in response to me moving. "It's about time you pay attention to me." I laughed before responding. "Sorry, it took me off guard." Her eyes softened. "Wanna talk about it?" I've never been one to hold things like that so I did what she asked. "Do you know what that was?" I asked her. "The boggart, or what form it took?" "The form it took." I answered her. "It was a girl that could pass for our daughter." She answered without adding that the little girl was dead, lifeless. "I guess I'm most afraid of not having a future, not being able to make it to that point." I summed up, looking behind what the boggart symbolized. Even though Fleur was the one supposed to be consoling me and helping me through the situation, I could tell that the boggart affected her just as much as it did me. She looked so fragile as she spoke next. "Is that the future you want?" She whispered the question. "I can't think of anything else I want more." I answered truthfully. Fleur broke eye contact with me when I said that and buried her head into my chest and clung on to my side tighter than before. "I love you." She mumbled. I didn't hesitate to answer. "I love you too." Her left leg swung over my waist and soon enough she straddled me. Her hands flew to the bottom of her shirt and pulled it off, revealing her bare breasts to me. "Good, now prove it." She said as her mouth descended and claimed mine. Our tongues danced as my hands worshipped her body. Fleur ground her hips into mine in response. My hand found her throat as I flipped us over expertly. "Gladly." A/N: Boom! You guys/gals finally got the Fleur scene you wanted ...pervs. (Or is that just me?) A little longer than normal but it was needed! Is Umbridge down for the count? Do we like how Ron handled her? What about Harry's actions and Ron's bad feelings? Let's talk about it in the reviews!
Hello everyone, We just passed 900 follows and I am shook. Never thought this fic would get this much interest tbh. Just wanted to say thank you to everyone out there who has given it a chance, even if it wasn't for you. I've learned a lot writing this and there is still so much more to go. I am up to the challenge! Enough rambling, on to the chapter. As always there is an author's note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. The third floor corridor is exactly as I remember it. I thought to myself as I looked around the same room that held Fluffy, the cerberus, for a time during first year. It does seem a lot bigger. The floor still held a wooden door with a handle on it in the middle. My mind wondered what this room could have possibly been used for. Who needs a trap door that leads to at least three other random rooms? I thought about descending into the trap door for old times sake and to also check it out but I realized I didn't have time, everyone would arrive soon. I pulled out two pieces of paper from the inside of my robes. One was a simple note with elegant writing. 'Third floor corridor, Sunday 11 a.m.' The note found its way into nearly every student third year and above pocket. At least that was the directions the Twins received last week after the whole Umbridge fiasco. The note wasn't the true message. The true message was spread with the tried and true classic method of 'word of mouth'. The second note I pulled out of my robes was an official looking document that gave us permission to create a study group, and at the bottom was a signature and a wax seal, courtesy of Dumbledore. I hope people show up. I thought to myself as I cast a quick tempus. '10:15.' It read. I guess I am a bit early. My wand found its way into my hand and I worked my will onto the world. A simple wooden table with thick legs appeared and I set the paper on it, so that everyone would be able to see it. Footsteps rang in the corridor outside. And I'm not the only one? Harry soon came into view, with Hermione tagging along closely behind him. "And we thought we were early, mate." Harry said nodding to Hermione as he noticed I was already there. "Yes, well I wanted to check up on our meeting location beforehand." I returned. "Don't trust me?" Harry joked as he walked around the room to look at it. "What are you two rambling about?" Hermione asked confused. I answered her before Harry could. "I asked Harry to check out the room the other night, while he was on his prefect duties." Hermione gave Harry a look that screamed her disappointment at him using his position for such a task. "And that, Hermione, is why I didn't ask you." I said pointing at the look on her face. Harry laughed while she replied. "Well I am just happy that I was invited." She responded with a glare towards me. "And that you two did this on your own. I thought I was going to have to do all the work." I gave her a look that urged her to continue. She noticed. "Well, what I mean to say is that I was going to do it all very hush hush. Your way is better, no doubt, I still can't believe Dumbledore gave us his backing." Hermione elaborated. I wasn't surprised that she had begun to think about it. It was her idea in the books after all. "Dumbledore has a soft spot for Harry." I've been hearing that a lot lately. I thought as the words came out of my mouth. "Do you two even have a plan for what we will actually do?" Hermione asked changing the subject. Harry answered this time. "I told you, Hermione." He said approaching the desk. "We will learn magic, more specifically defensive magic. That is the main focus, we will also help each other in other subjects." His wand rose after that and cast a decent charm, designed to keep the conversation secret. My own magic reached out in curiosity to feel the charm. Makes them hear whispering, and induces fear?, encourages them to leave? I thought as I tried to work out the effects of the spell that was obviously from the Black library. "What?" Hermione said aloud and brought me back to the conversation. Harry shot me a quick look, his eyes fell to my wand and then back to my eyes again before a smile lit his face in realization. He felt me touching the ward? I thought as I realized that it was a very high class spell if it had detection properties mixed in. Harry turned back to Hermione and answered her. "We will also be helping everyone to promote unity, especially the ones we think are at the most risk of being in contact with Tom." "Why? Wouldn't that give away all our strengths to him? It's too dangerous." She answered in almost a whisper as her mind whirled. I cut in then. "He has too many eyes in the school. Either way he will know of what goes on, but this way we can try to influence the next generation. I doubt we will convert anyone from our year and up but the younger years?" I asked raising an eyebrow before continuing. "They are easily ...well there is no easy way to say this, manipulated." I finished with a shrug. "Manipulated!" Hermione hissed out. Surprisingly I didn't have to answer because Harry already cut it, his own anger apparent. "Quit being naive!" Harry hissed out much more fluidly because of his parseltongue and Hermione flinched and lowered her head. He closed the distance between them and his hand went to her chin and lifted it up, so that her eyes met his. He tapped her chin as if to say 'that is better', like a great leader might. I watched all of this with a straight face but inside I was flipping out. Who the fuck is this. I asked myself as I took in Harry. He stood with his shoulders back and chest out, pristine robes that Malfoy would love to wear. His hair pulled back tightly in a ponytail, with his scar displayed proudly. He didn't wear glasses and this was a new development, as in the past forty-eight hours new. His emerald green eyes were so focused. His face was sharper than in the previous years, much like my own All of this was observed in a few seconds before Harry continued. "There is a war coming, Hermione." He spoke with a much softer tone and I couldn't help but notice the masterful display of manipulation. I cut in. "We aren't asking you to do any of this Hermione. We'll handle the dirty work." I spoke to her but my eyes were locked with Harry's, an unspoken look of 'that's enough' to him. He got the message and his wand whipped and the charm dropped, signifying the end of the conversation. I moved over to the desk and leaned against it as more footsteps echoed out in the corridor. I cast a quick tempus again. '10:48.' In walked three Gryffindor boys in our own age group, Neville Longbottom, Dean Thomas, and Seamus Finnigan. Following them was Ginny and another girl from a lower year that I didn't recognize. Seamus whistled as he walked in. "Good turnout, eh?" He joked to the boys and girls behind him and they laughed. I knew he didn't believe Harry's claim that Voldemort was back and it was showing. "We are a bit early." Neville answered him meekly. "No chairs?" Seamus asked with a condescending tone. "You unable to stand, Finnigan?" I asked with an equal tone. More footsteps and platinum blonde hair strutted in before Seamus could answer and interrupted. "Doubtful he can do anything besides blow himself up." Draco Malfoy commented as him and his two goons entered. Behind them another three people entered, also wearing the Slytherin robes of our school. A dark skinned boy of obvious italian descent. An attractive girl with blonde hair and striking blue eyes. And another cute girl with brown hair and brown eyes. Blaise Zabini, Daphne Greengrass, and Tracey Davis walked in silently and claimed a corner of the room for themselves, speaking to each other. "Sod off, Malfoy." Seamus answered in response to the new arrivals. He turned back towards Harry before continuing. "Friends with the snakes now, eh Potter?" Harry answered in a calm tone. "Everyone takes the same core classes, Finnigan, no matter what house you are in. That includes Defense Against the Dark Arts. Everyone will need help." Seamus turned around to face his group. "What do you say we ditch this and go flying boys? I won't be here with the snakes." It was Dean Thomas that answered him this time. "Shut up, mate. Harry's right." That shut down the argument as Seamus went red faced and did as he was told. They all shuffled to a wall as more people started pouring in. The Twins, Angelina and her group walked in next and they seemed to bring everyone. The next thing I knew, fifty students or more were all crowded around all sides of the desk in the middle of the room. There seemed to be just enough room to fit everyone in the room comfortably. I noticed that the room was divided amongst the houses with only a few people in groups that didn't involve their house. I thought about moving the desk farther back to keep everyone in front of us but Harry didn't look like he wanted to move from the middle of the room. Once everyone got settled, the noise increased in the room as they waited for Harry to start. I half stood, half sat on the desk behind Harry with one foot swinging in the air and the other planted on the floor. Harry stood still as a statue as his eyes flicked around the room and the faces in front of him. This is way more people than in the books. I thought as I noticed everyone. The Twins are really good at what they do. Harry's hands clapped together and it echoed through the room, catching everyone's attention. I couldn't help but wonder if it was a spell, with how loud and captivating it was. "Now then, I bet you're all wondering why you received this note." He started before being interrupted. "Obviously, Potter." Malfoy spat from his group of friends with a smirk. Harry just shot him a look before continuing. "None of us will learn anything in Defense as long as Umbridge is here. By now everyone would have had a class with her and understand what I mean." He stopped waiting on any more interruptions, none came. "It's simple really, We're going to teach ourselves." He said simply. I smiled. Well that's one way to do it. Simple. "So this is another class?" Someone said from behind us. "No." Harry answered. "Think of it more like a study group, an extremely practically focused study group. When we meet, we will practice magic. If you want to help each other with homework, or ask an older student for help, then go ahead." Another pause before he continued. "There will be focuses of each meeting, a certain spell that we need to pass our OWLs or NEWTs, and we will cast until we have it down perfectly. If you think you have that spell down, then you can work on homework, help others get their own spells down, or you can leave. This is just designed for us to help each other throughout the year, with a focus on defense." There was a murmur throughout the crowd. "Is that why you invited us older students? To play teacher for you?" An older Slytherin that I swore I had never seen said. "No, I will teach everyone." Harry answered. A laugh ran through the older crowd. "What could you teach us?" Harry's wand whipped through the air and he quietly spoke. "Expecto Patronum." Light burst from the tip of the wand, far more than he normally produces on his patronus. I expected for the light to coalesce into a stag, like his father. Instead when the light formed together a whole new animal emerged. A thestral ran around the room and the cheer it emanated could be felt by al. It finally flew back over to its master and crashed into his body, dissipating as it did. The white light spread throughout the room and I tried not to be impressed at his showmanship. His face showed now surprise at the change in his patronus and images of the mind-enhancing ritual flashed through my mind. Images of his scar, of the red light prevailing and I couldn't help but wonder how many more changes it would bring. It makes sense that it would change. I thought to myself. But an animal so close to death? Intriguing. I spoke up since no one else wanted to. "That would get you the highest marks on your NEWTs, easily. Welcome to the DA, defense association." I spoke to the crowd while internally cackling like a madman. Dumbledore's Army. A flood of questions rang out in the room, questions about when we would meet and if he could teach them that. Harry patiently answered each question and eventually he dismissed everyone, saying that they would meet after dinner on Monday for the first time. For now the schedule was every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday after dinner, with the room being open on weekends for anyone that wanted more practice, but Harry would not be teaching anything specific and might not even be there, I know I wouldn't be on the weekends. Harry and I were the last two to leave the meeting and I departed with an excuse. I went straight to the headmasters office. I caught the headmaster in the halls, heading in the direction of his office. "Headmaster!" I said as I approached him. "Mr. Weasley, a good day, no?" He answered as I caught up to him and walked with him. "Not sure yet, sir." I answered truthfully. He gave me look. "I thought you would be happy. Did the meeting not go as planned?" Dumbledore asked me. "The portraits need to learn to keep their mouths shut." I told him in response to him already knowing of the meeting when it just happened. "That's not very nice. They are just eager to speak at all, I'm sure it's very boring just sitting there all day." We finally made it to the gargoyle that guards his office. "Licorice." I stepped on the stairs behind him and we rose into the famous office. Fawkes was perched on his stand, looking fairly young. Dumbledore walked around and sat down in his chair before turning back to me. "What can I do for you, Mr. Weasley?" He asked me giving me his full attention. "I caught Umbridge trying to torture Harry with a blood quill." I spoke and the twinkling in his eyes disappeared. "Caught?" He asked, his brilliant mind jumping ahead in the conversation. I reached into my robes and produced the picture I was using as leverage over the pink toad. He took it and looked it over quickly seeing the quill and the line on Harry's hand, signalling the proof of the blood quill. "Is this the original?" "No, the original is in safe hands." I answered. "Ms. Delacour?" Dumbledore asked without looking up. "Yes." I answered. "I told Umbridge that she could continue on teaching, but that any detention she assigned would go to another professor, or Filch." He didn't seem surprised at that. He set the photo down. "The devil you know." Dumbledore spoke summarising my thoughts on the matter. "Mind if I keep this copy?" "Of course, I have plenty." I said with a wink. I knew that now would be the time to turn around and leave normally. "You have yet to leave, Mr. Weasly. Is it safe to assume you have more you wish to speak about." Dumbledore said eyeing me. "More of a confession." I answered. "I completed a ritual last year." I started and Dumbledore leaned back in his chair with his hands clasped together. A frown appeared on his face but he did not speak so I continued. "It's designed to improve the foundations of the mind. Increased speeds in thought, increased learning speed and capacity, makes it easier and faster to access knowledge and memory, and an unforeseen improvement in hand-eye coordination." I told him and paused for a moment, unsure if I should tell him this next bit. "I know of something similar." Dumbledore said locking eyes with me. "An old friend spoke of a similar ritual he underwent." Grindelwald? I thought to myself before moving on. "Well it went so good that I might have convinced ...Harry to perform it." I spoke again. Gone was the grandfatherly aura that normally exuded from the famous wizard. He was suddenly replaced with the scariest person I had ever met. He stood up and leaned over the desk. "Go on." I felt a probe on my occlumency shields as we met eyes. "I don't appreciate that, headmaster." I told him as I cleared my mind and repelled his attack. "You have improved well." Dumbledore said. "Now go on." "During Harry's ritual, something happened with his scar." I said and Dumbledore began to pace around the room. "There were two lights that emanated from his scar and fought, red and black. Eventually, the red prevailed and enveloped the black before settling back into his scar." I finished. He had his back turned to me when I finished, he was softly petting Fawkes, who preened under his touch. Oh the benefits of a phoenix. I thought watching the two interact. The headmaster seemed to draw courage the longer he pet the famous bird. He did not answer so I continued. "In my case, I didn't have such a huge personality change. Harry seems to be ...a completely different person. He used to shy away from attention, and hide his scar under his hair. Now he displays it like a badge and relishes in praise. Not to mention his increasing magical skill. He will rival me soon, if not pass me completely." I said telling him of my thoughts on the matter. There was another long pause as he continued to give Fawkes attention and think. Eventually he spoke. "That is not good news, Mr. Weasley. Surely you have heard me mention Harry and ...Tom's connection to one another?" Dumbledore asked me. "Yes sir." I answered patiently. "Well I wasn't talking about a hypothetical connection. I have long thought that the scar is a physical representation of this 'connection.' Whatever happened that night, resulted in a scar and a 'real' magical connection between the two." Dumbledore finished. The way he said real made it hold a whole different kind of implications. My mind raced at the implications. If it is magical in nature, than that would explain the extreme effects on the ritual. It says that there must not be any outside influence. But if this is true then Harry could be influenced by his and Voldy's 'connection.' "Fucking hell." I spoke and I didn't get a reprimand like I expected. "I concur, Mr. Weasley." Dumbledore said as if he was making a decision and I was worried about what would come of this development. "I have a plan." I bit out hurriedly before he could do something rash to my best friend. "Harry and I need to improve upon our occlumency, and to do that, I think I need a deeper understanding of it's opposite, legilimency." I continued scared. "I can convince him to let me in his mind, he trusts me, explicitly. There I can investigate what's going on." I finished. Dumbledore looked at me then, there was no twinkle, there was no hint of an old man. He was still projecting the aura of an apex predator. In my mind there was no one more powerful in that moment. "Do it. Bring me good news Mr. Weasley." He ordered. "If not…" He sagged as he spoke those last words. "...I fear we will have to take drastic measures." I could read between the lines, I could see what he was thinking. He thought that Voldemort was in control somehow, he thought that it wasn't Harry at all in there anymore. And he seems so sure. I thought as I took in the sight of the withered legend. There is something I am missing, something he isn't telling me. Was the connection really that bad? The red light won out after all, right? Surely the red was his own magic, his own mind, right? I sat there for a long time as my mind raced. I started to look back at the past few weeks since he completed the ritual. The ease he casted magic, not unusual. His physical appearance, and his willingness to embrace the stares, unusual. His interactions with Umbridge, all the manipulations he did in their conversations to make it go his way, unusual. The way he touched Hermione, the tone and pitch in his voice as he told her she was naive, unusual. The change in his patronus, a thestral, something that goes unseen unless you understand death. All of these things individually only spoke of a young man coming into his own. All of these changes together spoke of something completely different. Something more sinister. I got up to leave the room. "Mr. Weasley." Dumbledore spoke behind me. I turned back around and looked at him. "Could you do it? If I asked you." I heard the real question: 'Could you fight him? Kill him? If you had to.' I left the room without an answer. A/N: Boom! Finally Ron is investigating. Who thinks it was a mistake for Ron to go to Dumbledore? I think it was the best person to ask considering Ron is working off of missing memories and doesn't know the whole story. Did we enjoy the meeting of the DA? What about Harry's interactions with Hermione? Let's talk in the reviews.
Hello everyone, Pretty much everyday I log on and check the reviews and see if anyones fav/followed the story that day. Everyday I expect the views to stop and the favorites/follows to stay the same as yesterday but for some reason you all keep coming back and showing love. Can't thank you enough. Authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. I walked into the third corridor, late to the first 'real' meeting of the now named 'DA'. It was not intentionally, in fact, I made it a point to always be on time, which for me usually meant fifteen minutes early. My rising anxiety for Harry made for a terrible time finishing homework. While the finished product took up a lot of my time, and didn't meet my usual standard, it was more than good enough for a good mark. I stepped into the same room that housed Fluffy in my first year to see much much fewer people than I expected. All of them were in my year and a few from the year above us. I even spied Blaise listening attentively, although he was without his normal companions. It makes sense that not all of them would make it to the first meeting. The word will spread and then more will come. I thought looking around the room. One face peeked out of the crown and noticed my arrival, his had obviously been expecting me. I couldn't remember if he was in the first meeting or not. Theodore Nott has a forgettable face. Harry had already taken charge and was holding a shield spell in the air in front of him. "Let me say it again, intent. Practice the wand movements and pronunciation all you want, but what really matters is that you want to protect yourself, or your target." His eyes flicked to mine as he continued. "Split up into pairs, one attacking, one defending." Everyone starting pairing up like he asked but most were spending time talking and not casting. Lack of motivation. I remarked to myself watching the scene passively. "Need a partner, Weasley?" I heard someone ask to my right and I berated myself at being caught off guard. "I've already mastered the spell, I'm mainly here to help." I retorted looking at Theodore as he stood apart from me. "Good, you can help me then." He bit back quickly. I gave him a smirk and nodded my head in acceptance. "I want to see how it's done first." He spoke but instantly I knew the purpose of this switch in roles. He's going to test me? To see if I really can protect him. My mind told me as I saw through the lame excuse. I nodded my head once again in acceptance. "Of course." My wand found its way into my hand and I tried to remember the last time that I consciously completed the act. It's become like breathing, I don't even think about it anymore. My wand spun in my hand as I manipulated it with my fingers, deciding to show off. His wand rose and my magic reacted. A bright silver flooded the room as my shield materialized, all while I kept my wand twirling in my hand. There were two reasons why I did this. One: to show off. Two: to make a point. Intent is everything. A red light impacted my shield and dissipated against it weakly. I let the shield drop, thinking he was done and would want to swap roles. I was wrong. His wand moved again and I vaguely recognized the beginning wand movement as something that could mean a broken bone or boiling blood. Two students behind me. I recognized as my brain went into overdrive and quickly discarded dodging the spell. The spell approached and my wand rose accordingly as I batted the spell into the ceiling and retaliated. A spell chain rattled off of the end of my wand and for the first time in my short dueling career, my opponent didn't drop. Instead his own shield rose up and rang with three consecutive gongs that could be heard throughout the room. I quit casting, expecting the duel to be over, in arrogance. Nott had a wicked smile on his face as he began his own spell chain. Every spell was just as dangerous as the one that started this little impromptu duel. My shield sprang up once again as I moved to my right and closer to him, to close the distance and increase the pace of the duel. His first two spells impacted and were once again absorbed. I decided enough was enough and my shield dropped as the third spell came. In a display of skill, I deflected the spell back towards his direction. To his credit, he canceled it before it could get close to him but it did distract him enough to give me time to go on the offensive. A spell that's sole purpose was to burst the ear drums lept from my wand. There was no light to indicate it's trajectory, instead it was a burst of localized sound, directed by the caster. Next I sent a wave of pure force, meant to knock the person over or throw them across the room, depending on the intent. I quickly closed the remaining distance between us knowing it would connect. He was blown back and landed with a hard thud. He lifted his head up and froze. His smile was gone, mainly because his neck had an ethereal knife extending from the tip of my wand resting on it. No one moved and I realized without looking that there was no other noise in the room. Everyone had been watching the duel no doubt. "Had enough?" I asked and immediately realized my mistake. He smiled the same smile in response and pointed to his ears, where blood leaked down them and onto his neck. I didn't know what to do, my method of communication thrown out the door. Luckily he decided that we were done with our little demonstration. His hands rose in the universal sign of surrender. My eyes narrowed and went to his wand. His smile got even wider as he sheathed it in the now visible wand holster on his right hand. I responded in kind and my wand dropped, canceling my spell as it did. My eyes never left his as he stood up and brushed himself off. He didn't bother saying anything, instead he just turned around and walked out into the hall, on the way to Madam Pomfrey. What the fuck? I wondered as I watched him leave. "Well then, a great example of the shield charm." I heard Harry quip behind me. "And an even better duel." I turned to the rest of the room and was met with looks of mainly awe and respect, with a little confusion mixed in. I still didn't know what to say, still a little shaken at the spells he threw around in a classroom full of children. He's lucky I didn't kill him. I thought going back through the duel and realizing a few things. He cast silently, he mastered the shield spell, and it was all a test. His shield spell was a little under my own mastery but it did the job. "Right, get back to practicing." Harry rang out to the room and walked over to me. "You alright mate?" He asked nonchalantly. "Yea, just a bit shaken up." I responded. "Did you see the spells he threw around?" I asked back to him. "No, to tell the truth I missed all but the back half of it. Looked like you had it under control." He shrugged his shoulders as he answered. That makes sense I guess. I looked down and my hands were shaking as the adrenaline left my system. "Still on for tomorrow?" I asked him as I clenched my fist. "Yea, my place or yours?" He asked wondering if we would meet in the ROR or the Chamber of Secrets. "Mine." I sat behind the desk that normally occupied my study room in the Room of Requirement, reading the seventh year transfiguration material. More like my eyes were glued to the surface of the pages but my mind was elsewhere. I am patiently waiting for Harry to get finished with his homework so that we could finally start legilimency on each other. A part of me is excited to clear his name in my head, to stop thinking of him as possessed by Voldemort. The other part is terrified that I am right and the same thing that happened to Ginny three years ago is happening to him. It was the only thing that I pondered since my conversation with Dumbledore two days ago, and it is driving me insane. I need answers. I convinced myself. Luckily I didn't have to wait any more as I heard a knock on the door that I was intentionally keeping materialized at the front of the room. It opened at my command as I stood up from behind the desk and walked to meet him in the center of the room. "Finish?" I asked him. "Yea, wasn't that hard. Thanks for letting me see yours." Harry answered as he strutted in and met me in the middle of the room. Dramatically the room shifted to a new room that I have been using to practice the more advanced spells. The walls and ceiling are covered with massive windows with very thin frames. It shows the world how it would if the room sat at the very top of Hogwarts, which wasn't inaccurate considering its location on the seventh floor. Currently the sun had just finished setting but still cast rays of light over the sky. The grounds showed still pastures leading up to the black lake. The quidditch pitch stood proudly off to one side and the forbidden forest was just as looming from up here as it was from the ground. Harry whistled appreciatively. "All this for me?" He asked. "I've become a bit dramatic recently." I joked back to him. Two chairs appeared across from each other, both looked sturdy and comfortable and felt the same way as I sat down. "Who wants to go first?" I asked. "I think I will, I am not as good as I want to be for Occlumency. I think this might give me a better understanding of it if I know how it's opposite." He reasoned to me. A fair idea, and one I thought also. I agreed internally. I nodded to him and prepared myself by clearing my mind and using the techniques in Gellert Grindelwald book. It came to me quickly from months of practice. Harry wasted no time and drew his wand, we both agreed to understand the basics of the spell before we arrived to save time. I had yet to cast the spell but I am confident in my abilities, as is Harry. "Legilimens." Harry intoned as his wand flicked. Flashes of our first year appeared on the forefront of my mind but I didn't bite the bait, knowing that he dangled that particular memory in front of me to get a reaction out of me. He had obviously been thinking about how to succeed at the spell I felt the probe disappear. "Yes I have." Harry answered. He succeeded in reading my mind. I berated myself realizing I let my thoughts go at the end of the attack. "It's the most common way of getting people to think about what you want, throw in a memory to trigger their own." Harry explained as if I didn't know. "Yea, yea, you got me. Again?" And so we tried over and over again until I started to get a headache from the mental exhaustion. Eventually the chairs had changed into much more comfortable chairs in response to our desires. Harry never looked for any personal information, which I was happy about. If he really tried he could have found the memory of his mind ritual and that would have opened up a whole other can of worms. Nor did he dig past the person he knew me as. If he would have been able to get to the knowledge of my 'merge' and past personality ...well that wouldn't be good. I quickly caught onto the feelings and state of mind required to completely repel him. We went for a while where I had a string of victories in defending myself from him. Then Harry started to show an extreme talent in the offensive side of the mind arts and he stopped casting with words and then eventually he stopped flicking his wand. It hung by his side as he cast and I knew that he was still channeling magic through it even if it wasn't pointed at me. But still, it's impressive. I told myself as my own wand leapt into my hand. I instantly became nervous. What if it's some twisted version of Voldemort? I thought as I looked into the emerald green eyes of my best friend. My mind tortured itself with anxiety for a moment before I reeled in my emotions with the advancements I had made in Occlumency tonight. I steeled myself for my task. I didn't bother with pronunciation and my wand flicked as I made my will known to the world. It was a very weird experience being in someone else's head, experiencing their feelings and seeing what they see. It wasn't like reading at all, as it is commonly described. I broke the connection after I successfully got him to think about Hermione. That also brought feelings that I doubted were purely sibling like in nature, if the embarrassment and lust were to be believed. "That was cruel." Harry said and I could feel the embarrassment rolling out of him. "I never poked around about Fleur." His tone turned sharper and I immediately felt bad for disrespecting his privacy. Won't be the last time. I told myself as I planned for the best way to check for any abnormalities. How would you even do such a thing? The answer came to me and I cast the spell again, his mind was blank and nothing came through. This time sending him pictures of himself to see if he had a reaction to his old scrawny appearance. Emotion poked through but it wasn't shame or dislike. Instead it was pride at what he has become, and a bit of pity at his old weakness, before...me? I broke the connection again and tried to process what just happened. He idolizes me? I wondered confusedly to myself. I looked to where he sat on his chair. "Not pulling any punches are you?" He spoke up once he got his bearing back. "You need this more than I do." I told him and I knew I was right. "This might stop the nightmares." I continued. He made to speak again before deciding against it and nodded. I latched onto it and flicked my wand at him again without any warning. His mind was once again blank and I could feel it was more stable than the last two times. In fact, he's catching on rapidly. I told myself. I sent him images of himself at night, rolling around in the dorms covered in sweat in a nightmare. That got a huge reaction out of him. Disgust welled up in him and suddenly a single picture of a woman, dressed like a muggle appeared. She had red hair pulled up into a ponytail and her face was beautiful. She was also naked, chained spread eagle on a table. Blood marred her most private places and bruises covered her body. Her eyes were lifeless and looked towards the ceiling. Suddenly a haunting laugh echoed through our minds and the connection broke. I pointed my wand at him immediately and I expected him to do the same. Instead I found him with his head in his hands as he clutched his hair. "Bloody hell, mate." Harry whispered from the chair. "You just had to dig that up, did you?" "What the fuck, Harry? What the fuck was that?!" I yelled out, a spell to end him at the front of my mind. It's true. My mind screamed at me and I thought about casting before he could react. "Yea that was my reaction to." He stated lamely. My brain shut down, confused by the response. "What?" I heard myself ask. "That was the last nightmare he sent me." Harry responded and looked up to me, finally seeing the wand pointed his way maliciously. His hands rose in surrender and his face processed the situation. "You think I did that?!" Harry demanded. "Prove it wasn't you!" I cried out. "Prove it…" I whispered, not knowing how he could prove it in my delirious state. In the back of my head I heard myself and realized I was losing control of my emotions. I steeled my mind once more, using my new experiences in the night and my months of practice to bring myself back in control with Occlumency. "I prove I did not rape and kill that woman, so mote it be!" Harry answered me as his wand moved in the air in front of us. I felt the magic settle on the room, the tell tale sign of a promise on magic itself. Nothing happened and Harry's wand dropped as he looked at me again. "Believe me now?" My wand dropped realizing that it truly was a vision Voldemort sent to him. Relief at realizing it truly was my best friend sitting across from flooded through my body as I relaxed. "Holy shit Harry." I spat out. "Yea I know." He answered. "I didn't know he was sending you visions." I told him honestly as I thought Voldy didn't become aware of the connection between them until much later in the school year. "Ever since the ritual." Harry told me while also relaxing in his seat. "I've been playing with it, it's like a window." He expanded. I looked up sharply and locked eyes with him, giving him a look that meant 'go on.' He obeyed. "After the ritual, the nightmares weren't flashes of a few bad deeds, no they got much worse. I was suddenly there, everything was crystal clear, like I was looking through the eyes of Voldemort." He paused and I didn't say anything, knowing that I was getting an explanation for his personality change. "The night of the ritual, Voldemort knew, he felt it, it was the weirdest thing I have ever experienced." Harry told me. "I figured out a way to shut him out that night, but at night when I'm not consciously blocking him, he sends me presents like that one you saw." "Red hair, beautiful. He's torturing with women who look like your mother." I spoke aloud without even thinking about it. "I know. That particular memory haunts me." "Why haven't you said anything?" I told him. A raised eyebrow was all I got. "You." He said as if it was the most obvious reason in the world. "Me?" I wondered and I remembered the admiration for me I felt in his mind earlier. "Yea. You taught me a lot of lessons last year, most importantly, deal with your problems yourself." He answered. "How in the bloody hell did you learn that lesson from me?" I asked with a small laugh. He looked confused for a moment. "Don't think I didn't notice the change mate. Everyone did, we just haven't said anything. It was the night my name came out of the cup, yea?" Panic enclosed me before I realized there was no way he knew about the 'merge'. He is just talking about the changes in behavior. I nodded towards him. "Yea, but that still doesn't explain how I taught you that." He shook his head before responding. "You started studying, started bettering yourself, and I watched while trying to survive the tournament." "At first it was pride that I refused yours and Hermione's help, I wanted to do it on my own. The whole school was mocking us, you, me, and Hermione. You just shrugged your shoulders at them and focused on yourself, I followed your lead again. A couple months go by and suddenly you are a top student and on top of that you go to the Yule ball with bloody Fleur Delacour mate, three years younger than her!" He laughed at the end of that. "Then you dueled Cedric in the black lake and won, someone who is, also, three years older. I started to get better grades, and I was leading in the tournament. All of a sudden, I didn't have to rely on anyone else, just myself. All because of you." Harry stopped then. "Then the last task happened and Cedric died, but you gave me Sirius. It set me back a little seeing Cedric get killed, but you and Sirius helped." I nodded motioning for him to continue. "We started studying but it was still focused on each of us studying what we wanted, individually. I think that matters because I started to love magic, like I never have before." I interrupted him then. "It's addicting ...the power, the ...well all of it really." "Exactly!" He agreed. "Where was I? Oh yea, then the ritual happened and now ...now I realize all of this. The magic I have learned in the past few months has ...opened my mind." I couldn't agree more. "I love my friends and family, but I realize that I don't need them to fight for me. I just need them to be themselves, I'll handle the rest." He finished with his tale and then got a weird look. There was a much longer pause in our conversation then. "Did any of that make sense?" He said with a laugh. I laughed with him. "Barely, mate ...barely." He didn't answer so I decided to continue. "'The bird doesn't worry about the tree branch breaking under him, because his faith isn't in the tree branch. It's in his own wings…'" Denzel Washington is a saint. I thought paraphrasing the quote. "Yea, that's what I meant to say." Harry quipped and we were both laughing again. I sobered up when we finished laughing and remembered that Voldemort and him literally have a connection between their minds. Then I remembered another thing he said. "Did you say you can block him out?" I asked curiously. "Yea, Occlumency has really helped too. There is no way he is getting through now." Harry said. "At least, when I'm conscious." "Does he ever look around in your head?" I asked the million dollar question then. "He tried, but it doesn't work like that. I think it's much easier for me to look into his than it is for him to look into mine, it's easier to throw him out than it is you." Harry answered. "That's why he just sends me memories to torment me." "We'll have to come up with a way to protect you at night. Maybe an enchantment on jewelry?" I thought aloud before I sobered up again and continued. "I have something to confess." I said before I could convince myself not to. "What is that mate?" Harry asked. "I thought you were being possessed, something like Ginny in second year." I told him truthfully. He gave me a funny look then and then it turned to recognition. "Umbridge?" He asked. "Yea, you acted like what I imagine Tom might have in school." I told him. "I can see that." Harry replied. "I did enjoy that too much, but no, that was all me." "Well I can't blame you there. Then I went to Dumbledore, and he made my suspicions worse. That's why I moved our session up to tonight. That's why I was digging around in there so much." I lowered my head in shame, shame that I didn't trust my friend. "Wow. I've been manipulated…" Harry said aloud. "...but I get it. I understand, no hard feelings mate." "Thanks, I'll make it up to you. So ..." "...Hermione huh?" A/N: Finally we have established Harry isn't being possessed. But he has been hiding some things. What did we think? Nott's duel? The legilimency/occlumency training? The conclusion of possessed Harry? Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Another chapter on the way. We passed 1000 follows and are well on our way to 1100. I am mind blown at that fact. I don't know what I'll do if this continues. Anyway, on to the chapter. Authors note at the bottom. Disclaimer: I own nothing. "That is good news, my boy. Very good news." Looking upon the old wizard now I couldn't help but think. He's tired ...of everything. I just finished accounting my tale of my latest trainings with Harry. Of how Harry was not at risk of being possessed and that the recent developments were his own skill, nothing more. "I should have told you sooner, you've been worrying." I said aloud without even thinking. It has been almost a week, after all. "You'll learn, sooner rather than later, that life is full of worries." Dumbledore responded from his slouched position in his worn chair in his office. "This was but another." I nodded, knowing that same fact from my previous life, even if I never saw a quarter of the age of the man I saw in front of me. I turned to leave, convinced that our conversation was cut short. "I am not sure that Harry has given us the full truth, or perhaps, that he himself does not know the full truth." I turned around and for the first time since we started the meeting our eyes met. Immediately I felt the probe on my mind. I calmly deflected the probe and it slid off of my shields as if we were two magnets forcing themselves away from one another. I didn't respond, instead I waited for him to continue like I knew he wanted to, nor did I make a big deal of his probe. "Your defenses have improved." He commented. "With the connection ...deepened, I would say, it is very possible that his is being influenced by Tom, without either of them knowing." Dumbledore continued. "My observations make me believe that it is subtle things, like Tom's talents becoming Harry's talents." "Observations?" I questioned. "First, it is his ease with manipulation. That, I would say, is the greatest indicator of my theory. Second, His magic use in the first meeting of your new group. He is obviously using spells found in the Black Library. And finally, you tell me his skilled with legilimency?" Dumbledore laid all of the evidence out for me. I thought about it for a moment, trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. I don't really see it. I thought to myself. "Is there anything we can do about that if you're right?" I asked. "Not much, I'm afraid." Dumbledore answered. "Occlumency must become a priority, to limit it. Then all that we can do is guidance." I agreed with him but didn't tell him what I was thinking. I didn't tell him that I didn't see the problem with having the same talents of one of the most dangerous wizards to ever live. I didn't tell him that him and I, also shared talents. I didn't tell him that it was our decisions that made us who we are, not our talents. But when I went to walk out without saying anything else, I'm sure my silence told him everything he needed to know about my thoughts. "Are you going to do anything about our newly appointed 'High Inquisitor'?" Dumbledore called out. "She hasn't done anything that I truly care about, to be honest with you, Headmaster." I responded truthfully as I turned around once again. He nodded in acceptance and I continued. "I will pay her a visit to see what her next move is, it's obvious that she is only moving pieces on her board, gauging the waters." "Good." Dumbledore said quickly. "I was afraid you would act rashly and play your cards too early." "As long as the DA is kept alive, I do not care what she does to the school. I will teach them everything they need to know." I told him. He raised an eyebrow inquisitively. "Enlighten me, Mr. Weasley." 'What can you teach them, that the school can't. A grin broke out across my face. "How to learn." "I just can't get it." I heard Neville cry out from behind me. I turned back to the fourth year girl I was helping. "You've got it down. Just keep practicing and you'll have it mastered soon, someone else needs my help."I told her as I turned around to deal with Neville. He had just sat down in a chair on the side of the room after his outburst, and his anger was deflating from him as he exhaled. I sat next to him in one of the chairs we pilfered from some unused classroom on another floor. "What's the problem, mate?" I asked. "I've cast it before, I know I have, perfectly. I just can't get it to be consistent." Neville answered. That is normally a lack of focus or … My eyes fell to his wand and I kicked myself. ...his wand. How the fuck did I forget about that. "Let me see your wand." I told him. He handed it over and I was met with a wave of coldness, wrongness. My own wand hummed in my left hand in response to the intruder. I handed it back to Neville. "You've taken good care of it since you bought it from Ollivandor's, yea?" I asked trying to get him to tell me it was his father's wand. I couldn't think of an excuse for my knowledge since I wasn't sure of him mentioning it in conversations around me before. "I have taken good care of it! But I didn't buy it from Ollivandor's. It was my father's wand." He answered. I acted surprised. "And it's compatible with you?" I once again asked. "Compatible?" Neville gave me a look of confusion. "Let me expand. When my wand touches my skin, my magic rolls into it without conscious thought. It feels ...like a part of my own body has returned home. And it purrs. Do you have a similar experience when you touch that wand?" "No, it feels a bit ...cold, and warm at the same time. It doesn't feel like that at all." He answered. I clapped my hands together, acting happy with myself. "Well then that settles it, you are not compatible." He got angry. "I am compatible!" He exclaimed and I forgot about his attachment to it. I held my hands out in surrender. "Ok, ok." He calmed down then and I used that opportunity to expand. "I am not my father, Neville. My father is a good man. He provides for his family and he loves what he does, he's happy." I pause because he was now looking at me. "There are aspects of him that I strive to have in myself. But I dislike many things about him, and honestly, I don't want to be like him. And that's natural! We were born in different times, have different interests, and different experiences." I realized I was going all over the place and should have articulated this better. "What I'm trying to say is that it's ok not to be your father. We all have to walk in our own shoes, mate." "That wand is hindering your magical performance." I finished pointing at the wand in question. He gave me a look that told me he understood what I was trying to say. "It's the only thing I have left of him, besides a vegetable." Neville said, showing his anger still brimming under the surface. "I understand but I'm sure if he could, he'd tell you to be your own person and then he'd tell your grandmother to stop trying to make you a clone of him. Parents want their children to be better than them, afterall." I finished and I stood up noticing another student having problems. "Now, tomorrow is Saturday. Go to Mcgonagall and floo your grandmother to take you to get a new wand. Don't ask, tell her and if she gives you lip, tell her you are not your father." I told him and walked away. The group has almost doubled in size and it's only been three meetings. I thought to myself as I watched everyone walk out. "They're getting better." I commented to the one person still left in the room. "Nothing like us." Harry shot back from his seat. "That's not fair, they don't expect to fight in a war soon." I answered quickly. "The motivation isn't there." "Hermione knows, and while she is doing better, she still doesn't have the drive to do anything besides memorize textbooks." Harry responded, revealing that he might have been trying to get her to train with him. "Her faith has always been in authority, she doesn't see the need to learn anything more than they teach her." I told him what I have always thought about her studying tendencies. "How hasn't that faith been broken yet? After all the teachers and the lies from those with 'authority'?" Harry asked using his fingers to quote 'authority'. "It just might be after this year." I answered him. "Might be too late then." I sheathed myself fully into her depths and felt her legs shake. I withdrew myself fully and repeated the action each time her walls tightened around me to draw out her orgasm. Fluids gushed around my member as her walls simultaneously tried to push me out and pull me in at the same time. Her left hand clenched into a fist next to where I held her arm behind her back, using it for leverage with my thrusts. Fleur's moans escaped out of the pillow I had her face buried in and bounced off of the walls of her apartment. Three. I thought to myself, keeping up with her orgasms. My thrusts became more forceful with purpose as I finally seeked my own release, content with her pleasure. Her right hand reached out to the headboard to stabilise herself as I pounded into her. She continued to mumble in french and with a squeal, she came again, finally sending me over the edge. Our hips met with force once more and I released into the deepest part of her with a grunt. She milked me for all that I was worth and when it ended I dropped like a puppet with his strings cut. We laid there beside each other, breathing heavy for a moment and regaining our bearings. "You are a beast." Fleur mumbled looking at me. I turned and found her lips swollen because of my treatment of them. I smiled at her for the compliment. "It's not fair." Fleur continued. "I am a Veela, and older! I am supposed to be more skilled than you." I laughed louder then. "It's a man's job to please his woman." I told her as if it explained everything. She shuffled around in the bed and laid her head on my chest as she leg swung over to snuggle me. My left arm pulled her close and I momentarily noted how perfectly her body fit next to mine. "Mmmm…" She moaned. "...you definitely do that." I kissed her, hard which resulted with another moan. Her left hand trailed down to my lower body and grasped my growing member. I love being younger again. I thought to myself and my body responded to her touches even after just releasing. She broke off the kiss and her lips and tongue traveled down my torso, bringing me to full mast even before she wrapped her perfect lips around my cock. She swirled her tongue over the tip before engulfing my girthy, above average member with her lips. She worked me over like a professional, using her hands to stroke when she slid it out of her mouth. Dear God. I thought as I did my best not to cum right then and there. I have done a lot of thinking on just how she got her significant skills and still had yet to find an explanation. She withdrew with a long lick from base to tip and stood up on her knees, looking down at me with a smile. "My turn." She said as she moved to straddle me. I slipped in without resistance, wondering if it was my seed or her womanly juices, I decided it was a combination of both. Her walls tightened around me and I once again wondered if it was voluntary for her or if it was an influence from her heritage. I'm ruined for other women. I thought as she worked me over without even moving yet. "And I am ruined for other men, love." Did I say that out loud? She nodded in response and I realized I really was talking outloud. She laughed and dropped down to kiss me, I responded passionately. I refuse to go down without a fight. I told myself as my hands started moving. I put pressure down with my nails right under her left shoulder blade and dragged them slowly down to her hip, a spot I discovered would unravel her our first night together. Her hips ground into mine and she squeezed me subconsciously with a moan. I smiled as my other hand grabbed a fist full of hair and pulled slightly to tilt her head. I pulled out as much as I can from underneath her and started slow purposeful thrusts. With her head tilted, my teeth found her neck and bit lightly enough not to leave a mark but hard enough to produce the desired effect. She moaned even louder then and her hips moved to meet my thrusts. I continued to bite around her neck as we met our hips over and over again. I felt her about to unravel around me. "No!" She exclaimed, determined in not losing. She sat up so that she could get away from my mouth, thinking she was safe from my manipulations of her body and put her hands on my torso as she increased her thrusts. She was wrong as one of my hands reached up, wrapped around her throat and applied pressure to the sides to decrease the blood flow but not air flow. The other hand pinched her perfect nipple as she continued to grind against me. I did all of this while matching each of her thrusts in sync. Knowing she lost the battle, she came with another squeal and drenched my lap in her juices. She continued to grind against me to draw out the orgasm and my hands continued their treatment of her. She finally came down and started to ride me with more purpose as she ripped my hand off of her throat and pinned it down. I grunted without thinking because of my upcoming orgasm. Fleur heard it and acted, jumping off of my lap suddenly. Her head dropped as her mouth wrapped around me and continued her actions from earlier. I stood no chance and had one of the best orgasms of either of my lives. I was lost to pleasure as she drained me dry with her mouth and hands. Only when I started to soften in her mouth did she stop her actions and I realized that both of my hands were on either side of me gripping the sheets and mattress beneath me. Holy shit, I finally found my match. I thought to myself. It only took me traveling into another universe/dimension. "Wow." I said aloud. Fleur laughed as she crawled up my body and laid in the same position she was in earlier. She's a swallower. I realized absentmindedly. And a freak. My mind continued. I reached down to grasp her jaw and kissed her once again, not caring of our shared juices in her mouth. "I love you." I told her as we separated. "Je t'aime aussi." She mumbled as she laid her head down on my chest. "You have made me ruin the sheets ...again." She told me. "Perfect way to start the day." I told her noticing the rays of light streaming in through her window. She moaned in agreement. "I'm going to be sore all day." We lay there for another good ten minutes without moving and just as I was about to get up and start the day, there was a banging on the door. I got up quickly and found my wand on the bedside table as I prepared myself for anything. I walked out of the room and towards the door without any clothes on, deeming them unnecessary for now. "Fleur!" A woman's voice called from outside. I met Fleur's eyes and couldn't help but take an appreciative look at the perfect nude body in front of me. I snapped myself out of it and sent her a questioning glance. She gave me a smirk and replied. "Hold on, maman! I am not dressed." My heart dropped and my eyes widened in fear as I heard Fleur address her mother. Then I schooled my features so that Fleur didn't think I was scared to meet her family. My body started moving back to the bedroom to get dressed and I heard Fleur's mother say something else in french. I swiftly got dressed and then felt a wave of magic wash over me. I recognized it as a 'homenum revelio'. Fleur threw on a baggy shirt that looked a lot like mine, and then some underwear before There goes any hope for escape. I thought to myself as I walked back into the living room as Fleur opened the door. In stepped a woman that looked to be in her mid thirties, dressed fashionably. In fact, her outfit screamed wealth. She had an otherworldly beauty that matched her daughters. She locked eyes with me immediately, knowing that I was here because of the spell. I gave her a small smile and nod as hello. Her face gave nothing away as her eyes roamed over my form, judging me. She turned back to her daughter. "It reeks of sex in here." I held back a snort but Fleur didn't. "Well you did come unannounced." Fleur answered, not fazed in the slightest. They are sexual 'creatures' after all. My mind supplied and I immediately berated myself for the word 'creature'. I knew I didn't view her that way but my pureblood upbringing showed itself. "I take it you forgot about our shopping date, then?" Fleur's mother said. Fleur's face dropped as she realized she did indeed forget. "I am Ron Weasley." I said as I walked up to them, trying to take the heat off of Fleur. "Apolline Delacour." She responded holding my gaze. "Why don't you go get dressed. I didn't take that international portkey to this country for nothing, dear." She said breaking off eye contact and facing Fleur. Fleur did as she asked and winked at me as she passed by. I smiled in response. "What is your intentions with my daughter?" Appoline asked once Fleur left the room. My wand found its way into my hand I cast a subtle charm that would make sure Fleur would only hear whispering if she tried to listen in. Apolline's eyes moved around our form as if she could see the magic working. "I will marry her, one day." I answered truthfully as possible. "With you and your husband's permission of course." I added at the end to be respectful. "Ah, so you two have been at it for a while?" Appoline said and I realized she didn't know as much as I thought she did. "Something like that." I answered evasively. She looked at me once again and her eyes focused. "You are the boy she took to the Yule ball? And the boy who helped her during the second task of the tournament." She said this with a smile. "Yes mam." I answered, my past life influencing my speech as I tried to show her respect while not bristling at being called 'boy', even if it was true. She was about to speak again when Fleur entered the room again, dressed in robes that were more expensive than the ones she normally wore. I dropped the charm so that she could speak. "Ready, maman?" Fleur asked. "Of course." Appoline said as she walked to the door to give us space to say goodbye. I grabbed Fleur and gave her a kiss to remember me by. "I'll see you soon. I love you." I spoke softly to her. "Je t'aime aussi." She stated loud enough for her mother to hear. I winked and apparated with a 'pop'. A door materialized in front of me, melting out of the wall. I walked door as soon as it was done. I walked in to my normal study room, determined to get something to do. I sat down and finished all of the homework that I had due within the hour. I knew I would turn in something that would result in outstandings across the board. Once I was done, I found myself with a rare moment of free time. So I did the only thing I could think of. A book dropped onto the table in front of me and I recognized it as one that I had yet to open but the room always wanted to provide. Fuck it. I thought as I picked it up and looked at the cover. 'Et Elementals' Untitled, of course. My mind supplied as I eyed the cover and realized I couldn't translate it. I opened the book and realized that there was no introductory paragraph or text that usually accompanied old tomes. Instead the first page read 'BASIC'. I turned the page and found 'incendio' on the first page. There was a paragraph of writing that appeared as latin at first and before my eyes the writing unraveled and translated into english. It was of course the most basic of fire conjuration spells, the text below it also gave multiple situations that the spell would be appropriate for. Never seen a book with a built in translation spell. I realized and immediately I treated the book with more respect. The second page had the spell 'aguamenti', the most basic water conjuration spell. The paragraph also showed the most appropriate situations it should be used in. It was very insightful. I decided to flip through the pages and I saw multiple spells to conjure fire for different purposes. There was a spell to control existing water sources, a spell to raise a wall of earth, a gust of wind, and more. I started flipping more and found the advanced section towards the back of the book. The first spell was 'Protego Diabolica', the same spell that Grindelwald famously used in France. I turned the page once more, finally realizing the book was worth its weight in gold, possibly more. The next spell read 'Fulmen', and it was described the incantation and wand motion to summon a bolt of lightning that one could direct towards an opponent. At the bottom of the paragraph there was a small excerpt. 'Fastest known traveling spell.' My jaw dropped and my eyes widened at the gold mine in my hands. I felt a slight modicum of fear and excitement as I realized there was one more page. My curiosity got the best of me and immediately I was assaulted by a drawing of a dragon made of fire. Underneath it read the name of the spell. 'Fiendfyre.' A/N: Boom, more exciting magic. Been waiting on the right time to introduce this for a while. So I have never written a sex scene before and I wasn't sure I was going to, but a reviewer told me that if I don't shy away from violience and other mature themes, then why should I shy away from sex? It's a mature story after all. Do we think the story is better off without the sex? Do we like it? What about the magic revealed at the end of the chapter? Let's talk in the reviews!
Hello everyone, Update is a day late, I know and I apologize. The holidays are an insanely busy time for me. I would read the authors note at the bottom today before reviewing! Onto the chapter. Disclaimer: I own nothing. "...that has not been approved by the High Inquisitor will be expelled." Umbridge's eyes caught mine as she finished reading off the Educational Decree Number Twenty-Four. She had a tight smile plastered on her face that slowly faded once she saw my broad grin, not surprised at her actions at all. She will approve the DA. My mind supplied as the students around me filled the great hall with noise at her proclamation. "What just happened?" Hermione asked from my side. "The ministry is afraid Dumbledore is raising an army." Harry spoke up in response to her question. "They might be onto something." I whispered to them with a smile. "She'll approve the DA." "And if she doesn't?" Harry asked. I met his emerald green eyes with my own. "Then Hogwarts will have a scandal." I answered with a wink. "Come in." Umbridge called out from inside her office. I obliged her and entered the pink nightmare she called her office. My hand tensed ready to draw my wand in case of some type of ambush. I looked around the room and saw nobody else inside. That doesn't mean anything. I thought as I tried to find the signs of a disillusionment charm, I found nothing. "Mr. Weasley, how can I help you." She stated after looking up from her desk. "You will approve the Defense Association." I stated simply, thinking of no reason to be nice about the situation. She folded her hands and a false smile spread across her face. "Will I?" She asked me as she opened a drawer on her desk. I saw the photo before she laid it before me. It was the same photo I took of her torturing Harry in detention. The same photo that kept her in check. And she thinks she has the original. I thought to myself. I started laughing and her smile faded from her face. "What is so funny, Mr. Weasley. I have your blackmail material." Umbridge bit out at me, trying to keep her cool. I chuckled again. "Oh do you?" I asked but said nothing else. How will she play this? "Yes. You can't trick me, Ronald. I know men like you, I've dealt with them my whole life. I knew you couldn't keep it on your person the entire time, so I had it taken." She paused for a moment before continuing. "You think this is the first time I have been blackmailed before? You have no idea the games that are played in the Ministry." I laughed again at her arrogance, and her stupidity. "You really are an idiot, aren't you?" I asked. Her eyebrows furrowed in anger and she was about to speak again but I beat her to it. "Shut up and listen for a moment." I told her as I reached into my robes. She tensed as if expecting me to draw and I saw her eyes flicker to her own wand that was sitting on her desk, within arms reach. "Don't worry, I will not attack you professor." I told her as I paused, so that she wouldn't do anything stupid. I slowly withdrew my arm from my robe and showed her another copy of the same photo sitting on the desk. "You think I would be so stupid to leave the original copy in my trunk?" I asked rhetorically. "No doubt, Percy had a hand in this. He never did think too highly of me." I continued. "But to be honest, neither of these are the original copies, that is in a very safe place." I finally noticed the potion sitting on her desk, hidden behind a book. "Go ahead, I'll prove it. Use the potion." I told her pointing to the ink colored liquid. Her eyes narrowed and then flickered to the potion. She said nothing as she did as I told her and uncorked the bottle. Umbridge wasted no time in pouring a few drops on the photo, and watching the ink colored liquid go to work. The picture soon filled up to become pure black, ruined. I continued to hold up my copy of the photo, unbothered. I continued to watch it, waiting for her to understand that I wasn't lying. The photo didn't change. "Do you understand now, Professor?" I asked her with another broad grin. I quickly deposited the photo into one of the many pockets of my robe. She didn't answer me, her face showed anger and fear as she looked back down to the ruined photo on the desk before glancing at her wand. "Oh please do, toad. Please reach for that wand, give me an excuse." I told her as I watched her think of a way out. She did nothing but frown and think for the next few minutes. Finally she straightened up and plastered her fake smile back on her face. "This is not over, Mr. Weasley." Umbridge told me. "I hope not." I responded. "Now, the reason I came here." She clenched her jaw, hard enough for me to notice it, and then she picked up a pen and paper and started writing. Finally. I thought to myself as I looked at the runic chalk in the shape of a triangle. At the point of triangle was a set of three ingredients, each set was dedicated to a specific change that I wanted to make. "Ready, mate?" Harry asked beside me. "Yeah, let's go over it one more time." I told him. "We've been over it four times already, it's ready." He responded. "It won't be like my ritual." He then pointed to one tip of the triangle. "One point to focus on improving the strength of the wizard's magic and body. With the wizards magic being the main focus and the body last, as it should be." Harry was only half right. Common ingredients found in the strengthening solution and the strength potion sat at one point of the triangle. There would be no effects on the body or magic immediately, instead it helped build a foundation. The more you exercised the magic and body, the faster it would improve. "This one is to focus on magical endurance, with a side focus on the body as well." Harry continued as he walked around the triangle. The next point that his finger pointed at held ingredients found in the invigoration draught, the vitamix potion, and the girding potion. This would focus on building a foundation for improving the energy and endurance of the body and magic of the wizard performing the ritual. It was purely for stamina improvement. "And lastly, recovery." Harry finished simply. The last point of the triangle was dedicated to recovery, just like Harry stated. Ingredients from the pepper-up potion and also, funnily enough, a common hangover potion lay next to each other ready to go. "Now strip and get into the ritual." Harry said still pointing. I did as I was told and began to peel off layer after layer. "Couldn't each aspect of this triangle, have it's own ritual? It seems incredibly complex, you could get better results…" Harry asked while his eyes read over the ritual book again. I rolled my eyes because he must not have read the description fully. "If you read the whole thing then it would tell you that it is not as you described it earlier." His eyes darted back down to the page and turned it to read. I finally got down to my underwear and paused for a moment. Fuck it. I thought as I stripped down to my birthday suit. "Oh, this just builds a foundation, it doesn't actually do anything to you right now. What's the point of it then?" Harry asked me closing the book. "Well, it was designed by Godric Gryffindor, so there is that. I read over that thing…" I said pointing towards the ritual book."...many times and I couldn't find a body altering ritual that didn't risk something mental. I am not willing to pay that price, so this is the next best thing." I told him. "This will speed up the rate in which my magic and body improve, drastically. Do you even realize how much we have been casting the past few months?" I asked him seriously. "We have classes, and then we have the DA, AND then we have our extra curricular learning. This is gold for you and me." I paused once again. "This will lessen the gap between us and the giants of this world like Voldemort and Dumbledore." Harry just sat there thinking for a while and I realized that I had been standing there naked for the whole explanation of the ritual. I tried my best to not blush as I walked into the ritual triangle. Harry said nothing as I sat down criss-cross applesauce. "Ready?" He asked me. "Just don't interfere." I told him and I got a nod of approval. Without warning I poured my magic into the ritual and focused my mind on what I wanted to accomplish. I wasn't sure what I expected to happen but the slow tingling that ran up my foot wasn't it. It started at my toes and slowly ran its way up my legs, to my torso, and finally my head. It finished with a shiver and I looked around the ritual to see if it was done. I realized just as my magic lurched that that was only the stamina portion of the ritual. The strength portion of the ritual started and it felt like there was a wall around my magic, squeezing and condensing it before letting it go. Distantly, I realized that my muscles were flexing subconsciously. The ritual continued the actions on my body and magic about five more times before it stopped. Luckily the recovery portion of the ritual only gave me a mild sense of vertigo for a few seconds before it passed and the ritual chalk turned completely black, to signal the end of the ritual. I stood up and stumbled a bit before getting my footing. "Well, that wasn't so bad." Apparently, the ROR had seen fit to give Harry a chair to sit in and watch me. He looked up from the ritual book in his hands. He wasn't even watching me? I asked myself. I have such caring friends. Apparently the betrayal showed on my face. "Relax, I watched the important parts." Harry responded seeing my reaction. I just shook my head as I got dressed again. "Is it my turn yet?" Harry asked. I looked at him like he grew a second head. Did he forget we agreed no more rituals until we figure out what happened with the last one. "Absolutely not." The days turned into weeks and the weeks turned into a few months. Yule approached, and with it my early OWL examination. During the week I went to class, I helped teach the DA, and made time for everything else Harry and I were working on in our spare time. The DA continued to grow, little by little. Eventually, even Luna Lovegood joined. That was the most peculiar interaction I had ever had with someone. Neville started improving and gaining in confidence with his new wand, he always expresses his gratitude to me. Saturday's were spent with Fleur. We would go on dates around London, it was mostly muggle dates, which she seemed to love. Saturday night we would be wrapped around each other, expressing our love through our bodies. Some Sunday's I would be back at the castle by noon because she had plans, sometimes we would spend the day together lazing about. Our relationship deepened even further, and now I couldn't help but wonder if it was too early to propose. I still don't have an answer. Hagrid returned from his trip to the giants, injured and unsuccessful, just like in the books. I suspect a meeting with his half-brother will happen soon. Umbridge continued to play her games but has yet to try anything against me. And oddly enough, I haven't seen Theodore Nott since that day we dueled. I was sure I would get him to believe me, and I would have an inside man in Voldemort's ranks. Alas, it was not meant to be. I thought that I had my back covered, I thought that I had accounted for everything in the books and I was ready. But when Harry woke up one night screaming, something he never does anymore, I suddenly remembered that I was wrong. "NO, DON'T!" I woke up with my wand in hand and quickly through a magical light to the top of the room so that I could see. I hopped out of bed when I realized it was Harry that screamed. He was sitting up and looking around frantically. I was beside him quickly, grabbing his neck and forcing him to look at me. I sent a small mental probe, thinking Voldemort was in his head. He threw me out with extreme force. "Harry! Pull it together, mate. What happened?" I asked. His eyes focused and then turned to horror. "Your dad." My heart dropped and I realized that my father had just been attacked my Nagini at the ministry. I turned and ran out of the rooms, I leapt down the stairs and felt my ankles and knees groan in protest, but I kept running. Suddenly the wall that held the common room door was blown open and I realized that it was my doing. Fuck, get it together. I told myself as I reigned in my emotions and magic with occlumency while still running. I knew that, in the books, Arthur was fine and we get to him in time but in my panicked state it didn't register. I have changed a lot after all. I realized that I had been running on autopilot as I approached Dumbledore's office. I rounded the corner and was shocked to see Dumbledore already outside his office with his wand in hand. When I appeared around the corner unexpectedly, the Elder Wand pointed my direction but didn't cast. "Mr. Weasley?" He asked confused. "Headmaster, my father has been attacked by Tom's snake." I rushed out of my mouth. His eyes hardened. "Was that you that blew a hole in the castle?" Then I realized why he was outside of his office at this time of the night. He thought we were under attack. "Yes, sorry. I'll explain later, my father doesn't have a lot of time." I responded. He nodded and the Elder Wand rose again. "Expecto Patronum." He cast and our poured an ethereal phoenix. He began whispering to it and when he was finished it flew off into the night, faster than I had ever seen a patronus move. I could hear footsteps behind me and I turned to see Professor McGonagall walking down the hall with Harry beside her. "Headmaster! Headmaster!" She cried, trying to get his attention. "I know, Minerva. Mr. Weasley has already told me of the situation." Dumbledore cut her off. "There is a hole leading into my common room and.." She continued. "I know, Minerva." Dumbledore said with a bit more steel in his voice. She shut her mouth then. "Would you be so kind to retrieve the other Weasley's and bring them to my office, Minerva? The password is licorice." Dumbledore asked and told her at the same time. She just nodded her head and walked away, leaving me and Harry to stand there. "You two need to get dressed. Meet back here, I suspect we will find Arthur any second now." I turned to do as he asked but apparently Harry had a different idea. "Kreacher!" Harry barked out. The house-elf in question appeared before us with a 'pop'. "Filthy half…" "Enough." Harry interrupted him and I swear his eyes glowed green for a moment. "Does Ron still have robes at home?" He asked the house-elf. Kreacher nodded. "Yes, master." "Good, fetch both of us some robes, it will be a long night." Harry commanded and Kreacher nodded and disappeared with another 'pop'. "Or that." Dumbledore commented from beside us. Two sets of robes appeared floating before us. "Thanks, Harry." I hate this place. I decided as I looked around the waiting area of St. Mungo's. Fred and George sat beside me, oddly tame and quiet. Molly sat separate us, knitting something in her hands while Ginny paced around the room. Harry leaned against a wall with his back to all of us, facing Hermione who leaned against the same wall, they held a whispered conversation. I currently had my notebook out, writing to Fleur to let her know what was going on. I didn't expect her to respond, but I needed something to help focus my thoughts. Kreacher grumbled about retrieving it for me but he did it all the same. A door opened on one side of the room just as I finished writing and shoved the notebook back into my robes and we all turned to see a healer step out. "Weasley?" He asked us. Molly leapt up. "Yes. Is he.." The healer interrupted her. "Yes, he is fine. I have prescribed blood-replenishers at regular intervals. He should be able to leave in a few days." I like him. I thought to myself as he answered all of our questions without even hearing them. The room collectively sighed in relief. "You can see him if you would like." The healer continued when no one spoke up. We all stood up at once and moved towards the door he came out of. "That's what I thought you would say." He said as he turned around to lead us. We passed through many different wards of the hospital, including the mental ward I knew Neville's parents and Gilderoy Lockhart stayed at. Harry and I brought up the rear of the group so I leaned in and pointed to the mental ward. "Neville's parents, Gilderoy." Was all that I told him and he looked curiously at the door. Soon enough we walked into a room that housed three people. One was a woman and she was missing a significant portion of her leg, her chart read 'unknown bite' at the top. The other was a man whose arm had bite marks that looked really similar to a werewolf's bite shown in the DADA books. Arthur lay there, with his eyes closed, until he heard our approach. When they opened, he smiled big. Molly arrived first and her hands traced his head, going over his forehead and jaw over and over while trying to hold it together. "I'm fine, I'm fine, Molly." Arthur spoke and patted the seat next to him. Satisfied, Molly straightened herself up and found the lone seat next to the bed. Harry and Hermione fell back as we all went forward and hugged him and got our own time with him. The whole time the healer stood by and watched us while checking up on the other patients in the room. I knew he was looking for a good opportunity to send us away so Arthur could rest. The door opened and in walked Bill and Percy. Bill I expected, but Percy? I thought to myself as I nodded to both of them. Percy's eyes lingered on mine for far too long, almost like he knew something about me. Is he mean mugging me? Bill went first and hugged Arthur, whispering in his ear. Arthur just nodded at him as he patted his hand. Percy was next. "I am glad you are ok, father." He forced out of his throat. My anger rose, as I suspected what was about to happen. "Thank you. I am glad to see you, son." Arthur responded. Percy didn't say anything, and his face twisted into anger. He turned to the rest of us. "You see what this farce has caused us. What Dumbledore has caused?" My anger rose even higher and I tried to force it back down. "Percy!" Molly squealed. "That's enough!" Bill roared. All the while Percy talked over them. "There is no reason he should have been there! Dumbledore has filled your heads with lies." "This proves he is searching down there, you buffoon!" Bill screamed at him. "I brought you to show you this, not so you could try and lecture us." "It proves nothing." Percy answered. My anger rose another level and I reached out to my wand in comfort, that was the wrong thing to do. It sang to me, telling me to let my will be known. The next thing I knew, my hand was on Percy's throat. Percy was flush against the wall next to Arthur's bed, held there by magic. The wall had cracks in it that were spreading slowly. My hand was yanked from his throat but my magic held him on the wall as someone pried me off of him and dragged me backwards. Percy's face was red and his mouth was open as if he couldn't breath. Suddenly Fleur's face was in front of me and her hands gripped my cheeks. Her mouth moved but I couldn't hear her. What is going on? I thought and my brain finally processed what was happening. I clamped down on my emotions and my magic. Percy fell from the wall and finally I could hear again. There were multiple crashes around me and I looked around to see tables, charts, chairs, and other things bouncing on the ground as if they had just fell. "Ron." Fleur whispered as she turned my head back around to her. "Calm down, love." "I'm sorry, I've got it." I told her as I shook my head and started blinking while taking stock of my body. My wand and magic vibrated in pleasure and I could actually feel a difference in the ...density?... of my magic. It is nearly impossible to describe. The first signs of the ritual working. I thought to myself. And it couldn't have been a worse time to do it. I looked around the room and discovered that it was Harry that forced me off of Percy, who was lying on the ground sucking in air and coughing. Harry's wand was in his hand and I realized he must have had to fight off my own magic to even get close. Only Bill was advanced enough or strong enough to get his wand in his hand and even then he was on the ground like everyone else. Now that I looked, Fleur also had her wand in hand and my heart dropped at the thought that I might have hurt her. Everyone looked at me warily and I heard shuffling behind me to find Dumbledore and Kingsley Shacklebolt walking down the hallway. Fuck. I summed up in my mind as I noticed how bad I fucked up. "I'm sorry, Fleur. I didn't hurt you did I?" I asked turning back to her and looking her over again. She didn't get a chance to answer because Dumbledore made his presence known. "What happened?" "I lost control again, like at the castle." I told him quickly. He looked around the room at the destruction and I could tell his mind was racing. He turned back to Kingsley and whispered in his ear. "Absolutely, look at the damage." Kingsley shot back. Fuck, I'm in trouble. My mind supplied knowing that there would be repercussions to this. "What about accidental magic?" Dumbledore asked. Kingsley frowned and looked back to him. "How could you prove that?" My mind connected the dots and I spoke up. "Check my wand. I didn't cast anything." My wrist made a complicated motion, one that I knew Kingsley would recognize but hoped he wouldn't say anything. My first wand, the same wand that I replaced after the 'merge' shot out of my wrist into my hand. I twirled it and presented the auror with it hilt first. He gave me a knowing look but didn't say anything as he snatched it out of my hand. His own wand ran over it and he muttered an incantation. He stared at it for a while longer. "It's clean, no spells." He spoke loudly for everyone to hear. "Good." Dumbledore said as his wand whipped through the air. He did not speak but everyone saw the Elder Wand sing as the room repaired itself. Stone melted back together, chairs and tables righted themselves, and charts found their way back to the beds. One of the healers spoke up afterwards. "That's tampering with evidence!" Dumbledore faced them. "Oh? The nice auror here deemed it a simple case of accidental magic. I thought I might fix the damage for you." He said acting like a kind old man again, without his normal eye-twinkle. I almost laughed out loud but decided against it, considering the circumstances. Fleur's hand found my own and squeezed it. It's good being a favorite of Dumbledore's. A/N: I know I left a lot of open ends in the chapter, they will be addressed I promise!. Sorry for the late update, holidays are a crazy time for me! Did we like it? Hate it? What about the ritual? The development with Percy? Umbridge? Let's talk in the reviews.
