Disclaimer: Nothing you see here actually belongs to me. All credits to J. K. Rowling for the universe and Gato Azul for the great plot. 1 Prologue Floating sheets, silent hands hanging from stretchers, rocks raised until they formed, in their union, a piece of demolished wall. Filch swept uselessly; the huge pieces of stone that had been walls would not budge under the weak movements of his broom. Harry looked around; hurt ones, dead ones, people running and talking lively, agitated, a strange mix of optimism and pain penetrated in the remains of the castle. The war was over, but now they had to walk through the unprecedented grief of friends, teachers, family… Ron and Hermione sitting in the floor, looking at each other in the middle of the coming and going of others, of those others who run from door to door with arms full of bandages and bottles, of those others who entered the Great Hall without making any noise, faces stained and blurred, crying, some strangely smiling, looking around. A bunch of glass was scattered around the young survivor's feet. He looked at them as if they were beetle's eyes, blue, green, red, shining on the floor; he made them float around himself, uniting them again in the stained glass they once were, the stained glass that was rebuilt thanks to him. Harry could barely breathe under the staggering feeling he experienced as he watched death and life mixed in such way. The castle almost destroyed, the old friends hugging each other. Madam Pomfrey went around covering one by one the lifeless faces; then they were a path of white sheets in the middle of the hall. Abeforth was drinking coffee, his old eyes floating in the light that was beginning to take dominion over the place. Dawn broke; the wizards seemed to be unable to choose between relief or pain. They didn't celebrate, for the fallen hadn't even gotten cold yet; nonetheless, they smiled in silence, a bit happy and a bit ashamed of having survived. An abandoned body flashed in his mind. Remembering Snape created a pressure in his throat, as if someone had suddenly pulled all the air from him. He could picture him, he could picture blurrily the cape lying on the floor, like a devil's wings that were spreading for the teacher, that was swallowing him. Harry walked to the front of the hall and stood there, like Dumbledore, like Snape himself, and thought about what they could've seen while they were standing there, in that same spot. Would they see the same things as him? Responsibility, an overwhelming responsibility for the people in front of him, for Hogwarts' students, their faces lightened up by the candles in the first day of class, the darkened faces Snape may have seen. Harry had in his mind a curious blending of both scenes, a bizarre merger of smiles and dirt in those faces, of calm stares and bloody foreheads. He looked at the grey crowd, buzzing like a gigantic cloud of dusty feet and hands, coming and going. Potter raised his voice and the crowd's eyes travelled to him, anxious, hungry for his words; they wanted to hear good news, they wanted encouragement. Harry seemed divided by an invisible sword; he looked at the ground, then he searched for any familiar face in the middle of the multitude of faces turned towards him. He started to talk, words stumbling as they left his mouth. "Excuse me, there's something I want to make clear about Severus Snape, who died a few hours ago," some stopped their actions to focus all their attention on him, intrigued, without understanding what could be said about that traitor. He could make out confusion in some faces; in a lost part of the hall, someone made noises with some vials. "Before dying, professor Snape let me see some of his memories." He stopped for a moment, watching the gestures of surprise of the wizards and witches, the raised eyebrow of Ron, who had opened his mouth. "He wasn't who we thought he was. During many years he worked as a spy for the Order; Snape murdered Dumbledore following the instructions he gave him. The director asked him to kill him." The surrounding noises ceased; every single eye of the castle was opened towards him. So many expressions in so many faces scared him for a second: scepticism, horror, incredulity. A murmur started around the whole place, wild, agitated. "Is this a joke?" he heard someone said. "I promise you I'm not joking," he hurried to tell the crowd, to the hundreds of fixed gazes. A sharp silence was shifting in the hall, dense, big until Harry's voice broke it. His green eyes looked like they were on fire. "I know many of you won't believe it, but it's true and I'm going to bury him here like the rest, I hope nobody refuses." No one moved as he walked through the crowd, nor as he crossed the threshold. They looked around each other, finding frowns, tight lips, fear in their shiny eyes. Minerva McGonagall went out a few seconds after the young man, followed by Granger and Weasley. The gigantic frame of Hagrid made his way through the multitude, apologizing to the ones he pushed in his hurry to reach the door. When the last of his steps faded away as he walked, the whispers began in the hall, so many of them that it felt like they came from the walls, blooming from the ground itself. The murmur remained for a long time in the air, like fumes slow to dissolve. "What the hell was that?" a redhead revolved around; Ron had almost reached him. Hermione chased him too. "Mr Potter!" McGonagall's voice raised in the air like a small spark. "Mr Potter, please explain what you just said." Four pairs of eyes were fixed on him. "I already told you in the Hall: Severus Snape was always in our side and I'm gonna bury him here, with dignity." The Head of Gryffindor shook her head with force, her tight hair slipping from its hold, running down her temples. "Listen to me, Mr Potter," she raised her hand to her forehead; her thoughts were like a knot, pounding painfully. "If anyone wants to come with me, feel free to do it. If you don't agree, I'll do it on my own." Harry resumed his strides, with Granger walking hurriedly behind him, talking non-stop. "But Harry, why Dumbledore would ask him something like that?" The young man's back was facing her, and he answered firmly and drily. "To save Malfoy, to achieve the absolute trust of…" Rubeus' eyes couldn't open any more. McGonagall's shoes trumpeted forcefully against the floor; the woman's rigid hands seized Potter's and Granger's shoulder. "I'll go with you, Mr Potter. Miss Granger, stay here. Hagrid and I will take on from here." The girl may have thought of refuting, but the blunt, serious voice of the professor dampened her voice in her throat. The weak sun of the dawn didn't manage to reduce the cold. The heaviness of the battle was jostling in Harry's eyelids, but he tried to keep in his body a firm, energetic pace. McGonagall's steps were like whispers in the grass. The light made its way like a rug of incandescent flowers on the turf, over the Whomping Willow. The day was like any other; if the destroyed castle wasn't visibly at their backs, they could've thought nothing had ever happened. The world's and time's order, the dawn was still the same, no matter how many dead or violence. He ran under the Willow's branches that lashed through the air and saw Minerva run for the first time, muddling her shoes and raising her skirts with her hands. Hagrid walked clumsily; his enormous frame didn't lend him quickness and a twig had scratched his face. He didn't even want to think how they would make out alive of that storm of flying branches and rough wind if they had to carry a body. Maybe someone would end up hurt. The Shrieking Shack seemed to complain when they got inside; wood moaned under their steps, a scent of rotten humidity crouched in corners. The three of them went up the stairs without looking at each other, without speaking. They'd have found hard to bear the hardness of each other's eyes. Soaked in silence, they reached the room where the body laid. A curtain of light entered shamelessly, strengthening the scene Harry had only perceived the night before. He could see each detail that had gone missing before: the shade almost black of the blood, the sweet and metallic smell it sent off, the stains on the wall, painted like red screams, Snape's limbs, extended and stiff. Rubeus had hidden part of his face between his big hands, Harry could only see his swollen, wet eyes. McGonagall looked around for a few seconds, with a scream stuck in her mouth; her gaze dashed over and over against the body, almost as if she couldn't believe the scene in front of her. Harry walked slowly through the crimson island, staining his shoes of blood. He had hated Snape, and yet he would've never felt glad by knowing he'd walk on his blood. The young man knelt over the body without daring to see him fully, as if so much stillness, so much of that red mess, was too much for him. The woman conjured a blanket and a stretcher, overcoming the howl of her inner forces. Harry focused back on Snape's face, his stagnant and half-closed eyes that wouldn't look at him anymore. Useless, inappropriate compassion conquered his chest. The man's blank face reminded him he had lost something without even knowing, and he regretted every occasion when an encounter with the potion's master ended in a hostile verbal match, when it may have been something different. Resigning himself, he tried to put the body in the stretcher. Hagrid went to help, but when he touched the body Rubeus let out a surprised wail; his small eyes started to leak over the clothes. Harry found this gesture so sweet for a man so big and rough like Hagrid, who cried in silence as he'd cry for one of his creatures. McGonagall stared at the wall, jaw tight, hardening her expression until making it almost raw; a halo of terrible emptiness shifted over her, but the wet shine of her eyes betrayed her. "Well," Potter's voice smashed against the silence. "I guess we can go." Minerva's eyes skidded over the stains of blood on the walls. "Did he suffer much?" the woman's voice was tight, it almost died out. Harry looked at her condescendingly, almost with pity. "I wouldn't say it was painless, but he died quickly enough." With a swirl of her wand, McGonagall started to vanish the blood from the walls, arm raised and stiff, with the gesture of firm self-control she had always displayed, but her eyes were still wet, betraying the spark of guilt she couldn't extinguish. The man and the half-giant extended the sheet over the air, but Hagrid's thick fingers didn't help much. The white sheet descended like a vapour, pristine and light, but it was soon stained, red eyes blooming in her, creating a trail of blood. That brown colour soon extended like cancer, tainting everything. Harry felt, for the first time, the uncontrollable urge to cry. Wasn't suddenly his life like that stained sheet? Like his childhood, dirty of tears and death. He thought of Sirius, of Remus and the inability to recover the whiteness and cover his memories with a white sheet of oblivion. He squeezed his eyelids, getting rid of the wetness behind them. "Let's go, Potter," Minerva ordered. The young man positioned himself in the side where Severus' feet laid, to raise his side of the stretcher. "Cover his face, please." Hagrid looked at the fallen soldier's face as if he was watching at an old town. He was having a hard time letting go. "I don' know, Harry; it's like he was breathin'," he mumbled with swollen and reddened eyes. "He isn't breathing, Hagrid. It's your imagination," the youth told him, implying he was ready to go. The semi-giant took the sheet to cover him and extended it with a bit of difficulty, but when it was time to cover the man's face, he stayed still, watching downwards. "Harry, I know it sounds like… it's just, I think he's breathin'." McGonagall avoided looking at her companions; she was scared she wouldn't be able to contain herself if she saw Hagrid's expression, and then she'd start to behave as irrationally as him at that moment; he was so agitated he said Snape was still breathing. She heard Potter's patient voice, trying to calm him down. "No, Hagrid. It's normal you're feeling this way, but you have to calm down…" Minerva walked to the door; how dark, what a lonely place to die. Snape's death had been just like his life. She rudely destroyed a tear in the corner of her eye. "To make you feel better, I'll prove you he isn't…" When would she stop feeling this way? She couldn't see the moment of forgiveness; remorse would be a beast in her memory that'd eat her slowly and from her insides. Aphonia; not even Potter's voice carried on in that infamous corner. She turned her head to see what was happening. Hagrid and the youth were watching her, as if they expected something from her. McGonagall had the annoying feeling they'd been sneakily inspecting her for a while. "What's wrong, Potter?" The lad's eyes refused to meet hers; his hands moved in the air many times, as if they were lost, like big, blind butterflies. A green spark ignited in his eyes. "He's breathing." Something was clouding in her brain, a wall of water between her and Potter. Sudden dizziness forced her to hold on the wall. Author's Note: Thanks to Gato Azul again for letting me translate this wonderful story; I hope you enjoy it as much as I did. If you want the original story, just send me a PM, because FF is a bitch with links. Side note: My first language is not English, so I apologise in advance for every mistake and odd-wording :) I'll update every Monday, as I have every chapter ready. Reviews and comments are always appreciated.
Disclaimer: If you recognise it, it's not mine. All credit due to J. K. Rowling and Gato Azul. 2. The Dormant Dragon Granger had the suspicion from the beginning, since the moment she saw Potter crossing the door alone, when she looked at his green and sharp eyes searching for something in the Great Hall, frantically and anxiously. It seemed something unexpected had happened. Even weirder was the fact that Harry had dragged Poppy Pomfrey with him with the same flurry he had arrived with, without telling anything to anyone. She waited restlessly for the boy's return and the three elders, but hours passed with no change. She speculated many theories: maybe one of them had gotten hurt when they passed under the Whomping Willow; it wasn't easy to carry a body and avoid the branches, after all. Maybe McGonagall, who wasn't so young anymore, and she had fallen; that'd explain Harry's hurry, but she had noticed in his face an ambiguous expression of hope and emotion, it somehow didn't fit. Maybe she had misunderstood his face, maybe he was just really nervous, but she had known him for so long… Tired of the uncertainty, Granger and Weasley walked to the Shrieking Shack; if someone was hurt, surely they could help. Along the way Hermione had been thinking about Potter's expression, imagining the possibility he'd found some survivors, some injured student or wizard that could've stayed behind. The redhead pulled her arm while they ran under the Willow as if they were one. He was dragging her with him, pushing her around until they walked through the danger and entered the house. So much physical contact with Weasley had made her blush. She watched him under the dim light with a half-smile. "Let's go upstairs," the boy told her with a kind thread in his words. They heard from the stairs women's voices, low and muffled. When they reached the last step Harry's voice was clear in their ears. They walked in silence, barely supporting themselves on the floor's moaning wood, following the noises until they reached an open door. "… injured students for me to stay here, I am not going to leave them to attend a… this man; I have done enough." The people in the room turned their heads to the youngsters standing in the threshold, surprised in the middle of a tense and awkward conversation. "We thought someone was hurt," Weasley hurried to say, wishing he could erase those upset, threatening expressions. The nurse started to talk again, raising her briefcase from the floor with one hand, without noticing the newcomers. "I won't say anything to anyone, but you'll have to take care of this," she withdrew quickly without giving them a chance to protest, lightly pushing Weasley with her shoulder, making way. A few seconds later the sounds of her footsteps faded away stairs down. "What's going on?" The three wizards looked at each other, giving the impression of talking only with their eyes. Then Hagrid stepped aside; when he moved his gigantic body, he left to their view a man in a stretcher, covered in black clothes and pieces of a sheet. At the beginning they couldn't recognize him, they just stared at the lying frame. They had to think about it for a few seconds. "Snape?" Weasley spat with a dose of healthy scepticism. "What's going on?" the brunette asked, as if she hadn't done so a first time already. "He's alive," Harry let the words fall, like pieces of heavy iron. "What?" "We saw him die!" Potter looked at the lying wizard with seriousness, his breath dying out by a pitiful stab. "He survived. I've no idea how, but he did it." He was surprised Snape hung onto life like that. The young Gryffindor looked at the covered, bloody body. "And what are we going to do with him?" Granger asked. "Madam Pomfrey gave him first aids, but she won't help him anymore. We'll hide him here, for now; it's not safe to take him to the castle. Someone will have to stay here, to take care of him." The five of them stared at each other. "Is it true he was on our side?" Hagrid and McGonagall turned their heads towards Harry, expectant. The youth nodded without looking back. It wasn't easy for anyone to believe something as big as that with only words, not even if those words came from Harry Potter. Nonetheless, his aura of seriousness didn't allow them to be incredulous either. The wizard's silence was hazy and wide; their eyes were somewhere in between the dim light which flew from some unknown point, a clear, stormy ray of light. "Who is gonna stay?" Weasley dared to ask, overwhelmed by the silent environment. Their stares turned even more awkward. "I… sometimes I take care of injured animals," Rubeus cut in, voice rough, then he seemed to regret it and added, "Not like I know much, or that Severus', I didn' mean…" "It's alright, we got what you meant, but it's for the best you return to the castle, you can help Poppy," McGonagall told him, whose eyes didn't stray from Snape, keeping them focused on him. "I'll stay," she added with a resolution that had something terrible and suspicious about it. Harry thought about protesting, but the woman's rigid face raised in challenge. "I have to stay, Severus and I…" she didn't seem to know how to end the sentence, and it wasn't necessary. 'Severus and I' was enough: their fight in the middle of the hall, the intrigues, the mistrust, the infinite web of doubts between them was enough argument, and everyone in Hogwarts knew it. "I'll stay with you, professor," Hermione offered almost immediately, disturbed by the touching solemnity of her teacher, who seemed older and harder than ever. The woman looked at her for the first time during that conversation. "Thank you, Miss Granger," her brief smile seemed sad and forced. Ronald grimaced with incredulity and distaste; she returned the gesture, watching him with disapproval. "Don't say anything, Ronald," she whispered, without the professor hearing her. "Someone has to help her." "I'll stay too." "No way, Mr Potter. There are many things you have to do, may things to clean, if you know what I mean." Harry had the impression the professor didn't want much company, and, given the situation, he decided not to insist, despite the strong feeling he had that it was his responsibility to take care of that man; after all, Snape was in that state because of him, because of him and Lily. He looked at the bundle of stained clothes for a few more moments. He didn't know what to feel, pity or guilt; he only felt the sensation of a cloak of silence spreading inside him, a mere quiet watcher. He was surprised he never suspected the real face of the "traitor"; maybe he had been too conceited, or he had been too focused on hating him. He couldn't change what had happened between them; he was sure about only one thing about Snape's situation: he had to get him out of the predicament he was in, he had to get him out and made sure he lived. Before he left, Potter stopped just outside the room. Ron and Hagrid had already left and Hermione was waiting for him in the ground floor: she'd do a trip to the castle, looking for potions and healing materials, after that she'd return to the Shrieking Shack. Minerva stood by his side, as if she had expected that the young man would ask her a question, or as if she wanted to fill him with them. There was something unsaid between the two that was floating around. "Do you believe me?" the boy began. "Do you think Snape is innocent?" He didn't like that secretive air the professor's attitude radiated. "I'm not sure what to believe, Mr Potter, but you don't have to worry about my intentions," she said, showing a wariness worthy of a Head of House. "My only goal is to find out the truth, and I won't manage it if Severus dies." Harry looked at her intently, absorbed by her rigid, neutral stance, by the honest resolve of her face that seemed to harden over years and experiences. Then Potter nodded and left, now calmer. Hermione had shrunken the potion's vials and the few guides of Mediwizardy she had managed to pull out of the rubble. After that, she went back to Hogwarts' grounds, pockets full. She ran under the Whomping Willow, avoiding its lashings, his brutal whippings of branches and twigs. She entered the house, creating a ruckus by stepping without caring on the old, telling wood that screeched under her weight. In the room McGonagall waited, crouched by the stretcher, covered by an aura of silence and piety, looking at the dying man's face as if she wanted to unravel the spy's mysteries by sheer force of scanning his pale countenance. "Professor…" Granger kneeled too, emptying her loot in front of the woman and engorging it to its natural size. Coagulants, sanitizers, gauzes, pieces of cotton, auxiliaries to produce blood, strong antidotes… anything she could find. "We best start as soon as possible, Miss Granger. He won't hold on for long." Hermione would remember that afternoon like an uncertain come and go, a flight of vials, a collection of bloodstains on everything she touched, McGonagall's face constantly reflected on her eyelids. Snape's choked breathing, his wheezing and that awful convulsion he had at midnight, which had them waking up in horror. For a second, Hermione, still in the threshold of sleep and vigil, thought she was in Malfoy's Manor, waiting to be tortured. Snape had reminded her of that. She couldn't go back to sleep after the man's seizure, so she stayed awake skipping through that potion's guide. McGonagall stayed up with her, also reading carefully, looking and memorizing anything that could be useful. Hermione was absolutely disconcerted. In some of those books she had read about poisons and its antidotes, and it was mentioned in a few lines the venom that big snakes produced, and according to the text it was extremely lethal and quick, practically unavoidable unless it was countered in the act by a powerful antidote. And yet Snape had survived for hours without any kind of attention. It didn't sound possible, but there he was, defying logic and laws of life, like a prodigy in endurance. The young woman couldn't find anything to assign this great luck; after all, nobody knew what a dark wizard could hide under his sleeve. She talked about that with McGonagall for a while, but neither of them could find any explanation. To wake up in the Shrieking Shack… Hermione cleaned the dirty bandages in a basin; there weren't many given how many had been injured, so they had to reuse them. And there she was, kneeled like a wagtail peasant, washing and conjuring spells to wash the stains away. Meanwhile, McGonagall was wheezing, hands coated with jelly-like salves potions and crimson trails, cleaning her forehead with her arm and starting all over again. Sometimes she got nervous, feeling the maimed skin and bloody slits under her fingers. "This is…" she raised her arms nervously, showing her hands. The brunette could see her palms stained red, full of thick blood, trailing down her fingers. Hermione turned to her, a bit shaken, while she cleaned the bandages. "The professor has always been strong; he'll survive," she didn't know if that particular fact calmed or scared her. Snape, after all, had taken Dumbledore away from them, and Hermione feared what he could do if he recovered. After working all day both sat in front of him. Minerva pulled some rebellious hairs falling on her face back in her bun. Hermione looked at the big, silent, dark room with peaceful melancholy, which was empty of furniture except for that stretcher; from some corner light got in, a lunar veil that floated away in the room and swamped everything: her, McGonagall, Snape's sleeping face. Both laid on the stone floor, Minerva closer to the wounded man, to watch him during the night and help him if he had a seizure again. "What do you think about Severus, Miss Granger?" Hermione shifted her head, awkward, speaking in a quiet voice. "The professor has done very… bad things," Minerva looked chagrined at the man's face. "But Harry says he's innocent," she shrugged, implying she didn't know what to think. They went to sleep in silence, although Hermione knew McGonagall wasn't going to close one eye that night. Her back was facing her and she was still as if she was sleeping, but the youth felt her open eyelids, her eyes fixed on Snape's face. How long were those days for Hermione, reading and rereading the guide's pages; she had almost learned every instruction they held. And yet, she hadn't even touched Snape, just washed the bandages and diluted the antidote's dosage according to necessity. McGonagall actually did all the practical work. The young Gryffindor had much time to think. With her hands deep in reddish water like that in the basin, she thought about the man's prodigious ability to survive. Why? Of all the dead, why did he survive? Why not Remus or Tonks? Why Snape, of all people? Snape of the many faces, the murderer, the traitor. Harry couldn't erase all of the man's actions with some sentences; Hermione simply couldn't imagine what might redeem him from what he had done, and she also felt fear when she watched that fixed, pale face, each day paler… She believed in Snape for a long time, even when Harry and Ron didn't anymore. Her disappointment had been raw and overwhelming. She could never find an explanation and, in the end, just like everyone else, she convinced herself this man was a Death Eater, maybe the most dangerous one because he had fooled them all for years. Snape, the dormant snake, the hidden cutting edge, the imminent dagger. "Miss Granger," McGonagall's voice went through walls of silence, shaken, vibrant. "Miss Granger, please, help me." The young woman turned hurriedly towards Minerva, who held with a hand the lifeless head of the half-blood. She closed the distance quickly, and her hands trembled when she felt the professor putting the man's skull on hers. "Hold him and put pressure on the wound." Her nervous fingers travelled to the crimson spot in the bandages, put pressure and Hermione realized he was barely bleeding. Everything seemed so weird: his resistance to poison, the haemorrhage's spontaneous halt; it didn't seem possible. Snape's hair exuded a smell of blood and dirt, and he was warm and trembling by the fever. His nose seemed even bigger than normal, his skin wet and shallow. Hermione experienced an unpleasant mix of pity and revulsion. McGonagall came back with a vial and emptied it in the lips of the Occlumens; a part of the fluid slid down from the fixed corner of his mouth. Minerva's face was squeezed in a rigid expression of focus, her eyebrows were drawn together, and her aged hands trembled slightly. Brown eyes slid down the thick air, travelling down the woman's hair, over her drawn mouth, looking at the jelly liquid inside the vial that travelled lazily to the helpless, half-opened lips of the man. Snape's closed eyes, his forehead wet with sweat, his jaded and faltering breathing. Hermione's eyes descended: the eyes, the colossal nose, the unprotected eyes, the liquid falling over, the beginning of the pale neck, thin skin and shallow of colour, the prominent Adam's Apple, blood, the stained bandages, the ripped suit, chest, black and black, his cloak's waves, the fabric's complex turns. His pupil's movement stopped in-between the delicate folds and found a bright, soft feather; she extended her fingers to take it slowly, like an ethereal relic. "Miss Granger, that…" Minerva had raised her eyes and lowered the vial. "A feather from Fawkes?" "I thought he had run away…" the woman's whisper faded away like smoke, her glassy regard directed to the unusual shine of the feather in the middle of the gloomy Shrieking Shack. Hermione could only stare stunned at the same point where McGonagall's gaze got lost. Somehow, to watch that feather was to watch Albus Dumbledore's face, like feeling the shape of his spirit spreading all over the room, covering Snape, saving him, because it was now obvious that the Potion Master couldn't have survived without the phoenix. She didn't know the reasons why Dumbledore would've wanted to save Snape; she didn't even imagine how he could have known he would have the opportunity to save him. "Albus…" Minerva's words caused the blue memory of the old man's gaze to lighten up even more. "Why?" the young woman asked, as if she was speaking to the feather itself. When her gaze trailed back to the professor's they were wet, with the constant leaking of her eyes that fell fateful on the man. "For Merlin's sake, what Potter says… what Potter says, it's true?" Hermione gazed back to Snape's silent face and couldn't find anything but the asphyxiating silence of his condition as a dying man. Maybe Nagini's dark magic and its poison were so powerful, not even Fawkes' tears could achieve more than stopping the haemorrhage and conquering death. But the wounds didn't close. "Professor Dumbledore saved him," Hermione repeated to herself, thinking about Harry's words, in his gravely, fixed face. A horrible knot closed her throat, a strong blow in her stomach… suddenly there were appearing bright spots of light in front of him, born inside her own eyes. "Then… Snape? Snape?" And she could talk no more.
Disclaimer: All this belongs to Rowling and Gato Azul. 3. Phoenix's feathers They heard footsteps downstairs, the house's telling wood announcing that more than one person was going inside. Hermione positioned herself in a hidden angle and pointed firmly to the door. McGonagall held Snape's head with one hand and her wand with the other. From the dim light of the hall Potter' and Weasley's faces appeared slowly, crossing the darkness. Harry saw Hermione cross the room, coming from some hidden corner towards them. McGonagall let out a breath she seemed to have been holding up. "Mr Potter," she greeted them, slightly nodding in one of her rigid gestures of cordiality. "Good afternoon, professor," his attention focused on the livid figure cradled in the woman's arms. "How is the professor?" "He seems to be getting better," McGonagall answered without any excitement. Ron saw Hermione cleaning bandages in a corner of the room and smiled at her; she returned the gesture and immediately left the basin to hug her friends. The shiny smiles of the youngster managed to take away from her, for a few minutes, all the pressure she had been carrying for days. "How had you been? What has happened?" she asked excitedly while caressing Harry's arm in a kind gesture. "The Minister had started a series of trials against Snape." Hermione's smile vanished in a second and McGonagall raised her hand to her face. "I knew it was only a matter of time," the woman said with barely contained anger. "Well, we're preparing a defence and we wanted you to help us, Hermione." The Gryffindor girl turned her head towards the professor, not sure if to accept. "But someone has to stay here to help the professor." The four of them started to look at each other, with the same question painted in their faces. Harry was essential for the trial; Hermione would be more useful in the defence than washing bandages… The gazes of the three fell on Ronald, who took a few moments to understand what that meant; he was already opening his mouth to protest when he noticed the hostile expression of McGonagall and Hermione's disapproval while crossing her arms. Harry smiled at the man's obfuscated expression. "Me?" "It isn't hard, Ron," Hermione said. "The professor handles the most delicate aspects." Five minutes later, the young Weasley watched with tragic eyes as his friends left while he stayed locked with McGonagall, the dying bat and a bunch of bloody bandages waiting to be washed. Minerva walked behind Potter and Grander, stepping over their shadows until the room's threshold. Harry breathed deeply, watching fixedly the professor's severe eyes. "Thank you, for what you're doing," his eyes went back and forth restless to the room he just left. The woman pulled out from her robes the phoenix's feather and gave it to him slowly and silently under Hermione's kind gaze, who followed the movement of her hands and the light in their faces The boy raised his face, confused, watching the feather and McGonagall's telling eyes alternately. "It was in Severus's robes." "Dumbledore," he said, making sense of Snape's survival, sealing in his mind the vague knowledge he had of Albus and the Potion Master's relationship. And he remembered them both, facing each other, talking quietly while the castle slept. Hermione lived the next two days after her departure from the Shrieking Shack tied to Harry. They slept in the same half-destroyed classroom, transfigurating anything into scrolls, writing down any idea they came up with to build his defence. Harry didn't talk much; he stayed sitting beside the window, like watching a picture from his past, deep in very long and very quiet contemplations. Hermione asked herself many times if he was thinking of Snape or Dumbledore. Granger hunted Harry in between his silences, trying to make him spit out more details, more clues about the crooked path that was the professor's life, the traitor's, the martyr's. Potter told her many times the precise moment when Dumbledore had asked his servant to kill him, but Hermione could sense a big hole in his story. Potter always took care of omitting something about his mother; he kept in secret the Potion Master and Lily Evans' whole relationship. "Let's go back…" the brunette began to talk while tapping her parchment with a quill, with a gesture that helped her think. The woman's expressions reminded Potter vividly of their first year in Hogwarts, the way he saw her study for tests: Granger always walked around with the book in hand, mumbling things, teaching herself the subject. "Professor Snape joined the Death Eaters when he was eighteen…" Her voice was monotonous, like someone who is reading a report. Harry was thinking about the trial, about all those people in the Ministry, about their haughty way of looking at the accused, in their condemning, distant gazes, and he didn't think they'd understand it: neither Snape nor Lily. He didn't want to give them the knowledge he had been given himself, the thick drops mixed with blood. He didn't want Snape's silence, aged for so many years, to be broken with the whispering of all those people. Hermione's voice came back in his head. "… made a deal with him and turned into a double-spy, putting himself in danger again," she raised her eyes towards her friend, dropping the quill and breathing in to start talking like a doctor giving a diagnosis. "Harry, you cannot hope for people to believe he did all of this without a reason, much less to hope that a jury will believe it. Potter held her gaze, but his mind seemed absorbed in something different from the image in front of him. "He did," he said, distracted. "Harry, that's absurd. If Snape…" she took the quill again as if it was a representation of the Potion master, and she put it over the parchment. "If Snape wanted to leave the Death Eater for a reason like that, I don't think he could've found a worse way to do it than turning into a double spy. It doesn't make any sense." Harry shook his head. "You don't get it." "Of course I don't get it, Harry, and the jury won't either." "Forget Snape's reasons, let's focus on his actions," he looked to the window again, over and over again, watching in the landscape the shape of a willow, the house behind the willow, the stretcher inside the house. "The professor joined the Death Eaters, but he was so convinced of deserting them, he took a risk facing Dumbledore and agree to serve him as a spy—" "Or maybe Voldemort sent him to pretend," Hermione interrupted him vehemently. "No, it wasn't like that," sometimes the Prefect didn't understand why Harry was so sure of what he said. "Harry, that's not an argument," she told him, torn between compassionate and annoyed. The boy let himself fall on the chair, covering his face with his hands. "I know, but…" he shifted, without managing to end the sentence. "Harry," Hermione got close, he could feel her hand rubbing her back with the same kindness that Molly would've used. "There's something you aren't telling me, right?" His green eyes were raised towards her, glossy, tired. "What is it, Harry? Why did Snape do what he did?" "I can't tell you." The girl withdrew her hand slowly, a bit disappointed. "How can I help you if you don't tell me?" "I can't tell anyone, Hermione. You have to trust… the professor had a strong reason, that's all I can say, and I need you to help me because I have to convince the jury with what I have." He was massaging his nose bridge nervously, shoulders hunching, eyes locked in the chimney's fire. Her compassion for Potter's deflated frame was the only thing that encouraged her to continue this impossible pursuit: to defend a murderer without any proof or coherent arguments. "Alright, Harry. We'll do everything we can. Maybe even Fawkes' feather could help us."
Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling and Gato Azul created this. Nothing belongs to me. 4. The Risen Prince Hermione looked around. Harry and Ronald had just left the room; the young Weasley's warmth was fading away inside her, like a piece of the hug they had just shared. She regretted not being able to be with him for a longer time. She went dutifully to her trench formed by mountains of bandages and started to clean them fiercely, still thinking about the trial, about the arguments they'd give… she watched carefully the bandages she was washing, noticing the stains were much smaller than the last week. "How has professor Snape been?" McGonagall was washing the man's forearm with a wet sponge. "Better. Sometimes he moves." Granger was pensive; the gauze's water she was squeezing ran down her hands, her bushy hair was lightened up by the sunset's light, which warmed half her face. "Is something wrong, Miss Granger?" "We've been having some problems building a good defence. I feel Harry is hiding something from me, and the worst thing is that I don't even know why he's doing it." McGonagall settled down the man's arm beside his body and extended the sheet, covering him up to his neck. "You know things about the professor, right? Do you think you could answer me some questions?" Minerva was watching her with her usual stagnant serenity. "What questions, Miss Granger?" "Professor Snape joined the Death Eaters, I guess for the same reasons everyone else did: power and money, right?" The professor moved her head slightly, without nodding or denying. Hermione turned back to the interrogation. "Is there something the professor cares for more than those things?" Minerva looked at the wall, her eyes seemed to wish for a window. "It's a very hard question, Miss Granger. I've never spoken intimately with Severus. I can only tell you that, when I was his teacher, I didn't even notice he cared about money, although he always seemed to need it; his school robes were always faded and old…" she gave the impression of being talking about times too far away, of a person different from Snape. "The only thing I know Severus liked was Potions, he was brilliant in every subject… like you." Hermione trembled slightly. "He was always trying to be the best, he was the best, in almost everything." "In what wasn't he good, professor?" Hermione's curiosity had increased after the confidence she was included in. "In Quidditch. He was jealous of Potter; they fought all the time. Generally, Severus was a distant student, but calm; however, when Potter or Black showed up…" Snape was silent, covered by a mute, stiff veil, as if he was another furniture, completely distant from what was happening around him, distant even from himself and his own story. Hermione couldn't picture a young Snape, a student. She couldn't delete the image of the laying, too pale man. Pale, pale like a withered flower, like an old, faded relic, like a blurry photo of his past. That was it; Snape was so lost, his gaze so remote, hidden in the depth of his eyelids, he seemed to never have lived at all. She opened one eye; she thought she had heard a noise, but McGonagall slept by her side unruffled, with a stance so rigid as she had when standing up, with her face facing the roof and arms on her sides, arranged almost symmetrically. The girl half-stood, calculating it was about three in the morning. She looked around, everything seemed to sleep; the basin full of quiet water, the spiderwebs moving almost imperceptible, with movements so fluid, as if they were underwater. The man's breathing revealed her path, walking uncertainly in the dark until her fingers found a body's warmth, the scratchy sheets. She touched until she found the sweaty, hot forehead. She put in between the lips' gap a bit of medicine to reduce the fever. The man's weight made her arms yield. Granger was slowly laying him down again, putting down the lifeless head, but suddenly on his eyes a pair of fiery coals were opened, orbs of black fire. "Professor McGonagall, professor," she whispered, having turned her gaze away from the painfully aware eyes. "Professor McGonagall," she repeated in vain. She could feel the gasping breathing of the man in her arms, sensing the weak shift of his muscles, but she didn't dare to look at him in the face and tell him… What could she tell someone like Snape, after all? McGonagall woke up suddenly, scared and confused. "What, Miss Granger? What happened?" she mumbled in the dark, rubbing her eyes delicately. "Professor Snape is awake," the brunette whispered. The professor went in a second from rattled drowsiness to absolute wakefulness. She stood up almost jumping and walked to the man, kneeling beside him. "Severus, Severus." The black eyes were wandering, without stopping on anything in particular. "Severus, can you hear me?" Then finally the man's gaze locked on her. McGonagall's face was hardened and sour, looking in the depths of the dark pupils in a frantic search. Hermione looked from the woman to the man alternatively. The half-blood's lips drew syllables, but none of them emitted any sound; they could barely hear a dry, abrupt exhalation. The women looked at each other confused, then focused their attention back to the man, who was trying to say something again, without result. Then his black eyes were ablaze, and he shifted with desperation, opening his lips over and over again like he was yelling, but nothing came from him other than alarming aphonia. "Calm down, it's natural your voice doesn't work because of the snake's bite, don't get frustrated if you can't talk, you're an Occlumens." Snape calmed down; his wheezing was the only thing that could be heard in the room. Who…? Minerva? What's happening? Where's Nagini? "She's gone, Severus. War's over," his black eyes moved nervously on her face, stunned, delirious. No, it isn't over, Potter… the blood, so much blood. Snape lowered his lids, livid, grimacing. His pain turned out to be sharp when one watched the expression of his face. Minerva reached with her hands, but she never touched him; she just watched him, thinking about something very far away from the physical pain the man may have been feeling. "Why did you kill Albus?" And her voice was blunt, charging against the silent space, taking down the ambience around her. Granger seemed shocked by such a direct question. A fixed stare of jet black pierced her. Kill me if revenge is what you want, Minerva. "I want to know why you did it, Severus," she said, vibrating of rage and drowned accusations. Where's Potter? Where's the Dark Lord? What's going on? "Answer me, Severus." The half-blood's gaze rose until it found Granger's face, with her big eyes widened and her hair hanging all over in spiral curls. The young woman wasn't speaking, she just looked at him as if he was the specimen of a strange, dangerous creature she had never seen before. I had to do it and I did it. Minerva's mouth curled with a tremble; her rigid fingers broke the distance between the man and herself and she rudely put the potion's vial for pain. Hermione rose a hand, wanting to stop her, but finally lowered it again in impotence. The half-blood coughed, choking, but Minerva didn't show signs of commiseration. "Do you know why are you alive? Do you know who you own for having kept your life, you coward?" she rubbed it with rushed, aggressive sentences. You? The infinite benevolence of Potter? "To Albus, I don't know how. He sent you Fawkes, despite what you did to him; he wanted to help you and it's so easy for you to say you killed him because you had to," she slowly lowered her face to the man's, without breaking the eye contact. "Severus, if you ever cared about me or Albus, tell me why. Why, Severus? Think whatever you want, Minerva. The woman would've slapped him if he hadn't been in those conditions. "We should've let you die, Severus," she spat before rising and leaving the room. In her insides she had been expecting it, she had strengthened her hope of Albus giving him those awful orders, she hoped deep inside he wasn't a traitor; when she looked at the feather she was almost convinced of his innocence, and yet there she was, holding herself against the stair's railway, with an almost uncontrollable urge to cry out in rage and disappointment. Granger put him in the stretcher carefully, without watching him again, reject implicit in her elusive eyes, and with the same disapproving mutism she went back to a corner of the room to kneel and scrub more dirty clothes beside a basin. Snape tried to breathe and bear the pain without yelling or moaning. He concentrated on the sounds the girl made when she washed; he imagined the water drops and recited to himself an old monologue to avoid thinking about the burning or the tortuous sensation gnawing his neck. The pain started to slowly fade away, the noises around him decreasing by the lethargy and fatigue that were beginning to take over. A feminine voice, soft and bitter travelled to him, in the middle of his drowsiness. "Harry thinks you're innocent. I hope he isn't wrong." McGonagall spent day and night kneeled beside him, showing her irritation by her austerity of words. Snape hadn't woken up again and she spent time trying to lower his fever with potions and wet rags; she gave him water and tried to feed him, washed his body with wet gauzes, doing everything without much tact, face darkened and hard… Hermione helped where she could, wondering at every action if they were helping an enemy. Harry and Ronald had spent a big chunk of their time in the Ministry and Hogwarts, helping to repair the castle and repeating the story of their Horrocrux's hunt over and over again. With the coming and going of the days, the habitants of the castles started to ask them about what happened to Snape; nobody had seen his burial, not even his body, and McGonagall' and Granger's absence were too obvious. Finally, Potter had to confess the man had survived and they were taking care of him, but he didn't agree on giving his whereabouts, no matter how much they asked or stalked him for information. He had to protect the Occlumens form the dubious people of the Ministry and the magical community's rage in general, although he knew he wouldn't be able to keep him safe for much longer if they didn't move him away from the Shrieking Shack. Hermione arrived at Hogwarts trying to go unnoticed; she had to look for some healing potions and go back quickly to the Shrieking Shack. The Great Hall's roof and walls were rebuilt; people slept there, laying on the floor as if they were camping or resting in a war shelter. She walked between the lumps, with light and silent footsteps. Having gone at night had been a good idea to avoid getting surprised by a sea of questions. Harry had warned her they had to keep Snape's location in secret as much as they could. Harry and Ron went through her mind like two melancholic comets. She didn't know where they were at the moment, maybe sleeping at some muggle motel close to the Ministry. She found a table with healing stuff and started to look for the vials, putting away everything useful in her never-ending bag. Bandages, gauzes and many doses of coagulant potions. In her hurry to finish, a small vial fell from her fingers, breaking against the floor. Hermione looked around; some people shifted in their nest of sheets and comforters. A blue eye was focused on her in the middle of the harmonious breathings and dim light of the hall. "Hermione?" "Neville," she whispered a bit scared, keeping her voice low. "What are you doing?" "I can't talk, I have to go, Neville, I'll tell you…" Several pairs of eyes looked at her with curiosity. "Aren't you Potter's friend?" She closed her bag and started to hop between the laying people. "Hermione, wait!" But the girl didn't stop; in her quick escape, she stepped over some feet and hands. She heard rushed footsteps behind her and wished that Harry could've thought of lending her his Cloak of Invisibility. She didn't know how much ruckus she had caused, but it was clear her visit to Hogwarts wasn't going to be a secret. She ran as fast as she could until she got out of the castle and there she looked around. No one was following her. She made her way back to the Shrieking Shack. Harry entered slowly, followed by the redhead, looking around with solemn, sad seriousness, walking silently, stepping lightly to avoid making any noise. McGonagall greeted him with an inclination of her head, Hermione gave him a quiet but strong hug. Both of them looked worn, like invaded by the smell of confinement and sterility of the room. The professor took him to the stretcher, where both of them kneeled. Then Minerva started to murmur. "He can't talk; I think the bite destroyed his vocal cords. I don't know if his voice is going to come back, you'll have to communicate by Occlumency." Harry nodded, eyes on the man's gaunt face. McGonagall pushed him by the shoulder until he woke up. His black eyes opened on Minerva's face, shifting to the boys with excruciating slowness. Harry shifted positions, again and again, feeling nervous. "Professor," he inclined his head forward, letting his gaze lock in an awkward and overwhelming contact with the injured one. Far away, Granger and Weasley's voices whispered something about a jury. His black eyes were fixed on him, blank. Who are you? "I'm Harry Potter, sir." Potter. The boy blinked several times, not knowing what to say, having been thinking about that moment, planning every detail of what he was going to say, and now that he was there the words had left his mind. He could only focus on his half-opened eyes, consumed by pallor. "Professor, I'm sorry about what happened between us." Snape remained impassive, like a wax statue. Harry held his gaze again. "If I had known…" he stopped to correct himself. "I want to thank you for everything. I was rude many times, if I had known you, I mean…" he seemed unable to string a single thought. "If I had known, what you really did, things would've been different. I… I just wanted to say that I'm grateful and that we're going to protect you from the Ministry or from whoever is necessary. The man looked at him for a few more seconds, without giving any hint of wanting to answer, and then he closed his eyes again with indifference, leaving Potter confused and frustrated, asking himself what just happened. He turned towards McGonagall looking for an explanation, but she turned her head away, upset. Harry's voice expanded in the jury's hall, the same shapes in the air formed by the sound of his words, his clear shade flowing soft and gentle through ears. He was already a man. The people of the jury: a mass of faces and hands, frowns and whispers. They heard him, they stuck whispers in their ears, some made ugly faces after Harry's every sentence, others nodded, complying with his speech. "That is why I think this trial is unnecessary and, why not say it? Disrespectful towards professor Snape and everyone who knows him. The proofs of his innocence are undeniable; it doesn't make any sense to be here," the murmur in the tiers increased. The new minister looked around, scared of the people's zeal; one of his advisors took the floor. "Have you considered, young Potter, the possibility of his memories being fabricated by Severus Snape to cover himself? It is well known that he's an Occlumens; it wouldn't be hard for him, don't you think? The young man looked at the other's eyes, with intense disapproval, a shadow behind the green of his pupils. "Yes, we thought about it, but we've known professor Snape since we were children and we'd keep an eye on him since then; the dates, events and the professor's attitudes during all these time match the memories he gave me," his face was hardened by the raw light of the place. "I believe in the innocence of Severus Snape." The advisor smiled to himself, ironic. "If my memory doesn't fail me, young Potter, you're the only know who has seen these alleged memories; therefore, I don't think they've been analysed as they should. It's a rather weak defence; surely you don't expect us to declare this man innocent just because of your hunches; because facts, young Potter, those are undeniable. There are witnesses, included yourself, that saw Albus Dumbledore being murdered by Severus Snape. Hermione watched Harry's hand: clutched into a fist, impotent. The girl stood up, watching around as a multitude of eyes focused on her. The words got stuck in a knot, but she swallowed and began to talk; at the beginning, her voice sounded weak, like a trail of liquid flowing through the hall. "There are still Death Eaters around who are proven to be guilty, and instead of going and hunt them we're here, uselessly talking about an innocent man. Why are you only concerned about charging Severus Snape? What about the others? Is he the only guilty one for you?" Potter seemed to recover clarity and supported Hermione. "While you all hid and did everything to deny Voldemort's return, professor Snape went out there to those madmen," he moved his hands firmly, face transfixed, ire behind his voice. "He left his life on their hands just to save us all, and what about you? What have you all done? We don't even know how have you reached your seats." "Mr Potter," the registrar cut out his monologue. "You are making very serious accusations out of place in the trial of Severus Snape. That is what we came here for, isn't it, Mr Potter?" "There's another proof," the girl interrupted, trying to soften the volcano that was Harry. "Between Snape's robes we found a phoenix's feather, from Albus Dumbledore's phoenix itself; for some reason, Albus Dumbledore wanted to make sure he saved the professor. What better proof—?" Again, the haughty voice of the registrar dissolved the girl's voice. "That doesn't count as evidence unless you can prove that feather is indeed from Albus Dumbledore's phoenix. Can you, Miss?" he crossed his fingers under his chin. "At this moment, no, sir," a sheepish Granger replied. There was silence in the room. During the trip back to the castle, Potter's mouth remained closed; his cloudy eyes couldn't mean anything good. She understood him, that taste of unfairness they drank every day, that outrage. Finally, the young man wondered if his fight had really finished. They went back to Hogwarts tasting defeat and disenchantment. They had thought it'd be easier; Harry couldn't resign himself to this: trial after trial, tons of witnesses. The memories he had received from Snape were so blunt and undeniable to him… and even if he hadn't wanted to show them to avoid exposing the man, he had begun to understand it'd be necessary to share, at the very least, the most important parts. They found at the entrance of the castle a group of people: young ex-students from Hogwarts and adults talking loudly; when they saw the two Gryffindor, they went silent, following them with their gaze. "He's a bastard, a murderous traitor, and he must go to Azkaban," said one of the elders; a general murmur broke after his words. Harry glared at him with his green stare. "If you want to take him, you'll have to fight me first." Then the man got cold feet, closing his lips tightly. To attack the boy who lived was a terrible idea, especially after he had just defeated Voldemort. "Anyone who has any business with Snape will have to face me first." One by one they started to leave, talking between themselves, watching him with mistrust and confusion. Nobody could understand why Harry Potter was defending Dumbledore's murderer. Fun fact: It took me several chapters before I realised that every disclaimer at the top was in Spanish. That's one piece of evidence of my idiocy :)
