Author's Note: The first two chapters on this story were written as one-shots before I decided to take the story in a different direction. The story will now follow a single narrative detailed in the first chapter which is the third entry on the story. Please read the author's note there for more information. The first two chapters will not be removed, but have been rattled as 'Proof of Concept' and are completely detached from the main story. Thank you. On an additional note, this story was inspired by Futadom's brilliant story, 'Harry Potter Futanari one-shots'. Go check it out! Proof of Concept: Observations In The Owlery Hurrying into the room, Harry batted the thick snow that had accumulated on his jacket to the floor. Scuffing his boots along the ground he knocked the snow onto the ground. Rubbing his hands together he tried to warm himself, but to no avail. With shaking and shivering hands he fumbled around in his pockets, retrieving a small handwritten letter. Holding it close, he looked up into the tower his eyes searching for the snowy white owl, "Hedwig! Hedwig!" With a flurry of white feathers, the snowy owl drifted slowly through the air before hooking its claws around Harry's arm and preening her feathers. Gently stroking his finger over the bird, he took the letter and held it for the owl to take into its beak. Taking the letter, she shook her head before taking flight and flying up through the tower. Smirking to himself, Harry turned and gasped slightly in shock. He was taken aback by the sudden appearance of someone in the doorway. "Cho," Harry stuttered as the Asian girl suddenly appeared in the doorway a letter in her hands. Awkwardly smiling at her, Harry found it difficult to formulate words and simply blushed as Cho smiled politely before entering the room. "Hey Harry," Cho smiled awkwardly as she crossed the room and held her arm out for her owl, "Sending a letter?" "Eh… yeah," Harry said twiddling his thumbs as his face burned bright red. Stupidly he refrained from saying anymore and simply stay quiet casting fleeting glances over at the girl. Harry had admired the girl, the curves and beautiful features of the Asian girl. She was beautiful. A cute and smiling face and an incredible body. She never revealed much, but Harry would tell she had a nice pair of perky tits and her ass fitted snuggly into her clothing. Right now she was wearing a pair of dark blue jeans with ugg boots. She wore a grey jumper with a blue body warmer on top. Cho let her owl fly away with her letter, before turning to Harry a smile on her face once more. She waved playfully before striding to the door, "See ya Harry." "Bye Cho…" Harry said a thought flickering in her mind. This was his opportunity. With the Yule Ball around the corner and his lack of a date, this was his chance to remedy this. He wanted to ask Cho, but he was nervous, shy. Breathing deeply he turned and called to her, "Well, l just wondered if you. I wondered if maybe you wanted to go to the ball with me?" "Eh… I'm sorry… Cedric already asked me…" Cho said awkwardly as Harry tried to hide away. Those words stabbed like daggers for some reason. He was hoping she would say yes, but not that Cedric had asked her. The two shared an awkward moment, before Harry broke the silence. "Oh… that's okay… yeah fine," Harry said turning away shielding his embarrassment as Cho entered the room in a panic. "Harry! I'm sorry," Cho said rushing over to him and grabbing his arm pulling him to look into her eyes, causing him to blush even further, "I really am… I feel terrible. Can I make it up to you?" Harry stuttered for words as Cho did something unbelievable. Their eyes locked and a strange feeling flooded over his body. Something flickered in Harry as Cho looked into his eyes. Funnily enough, she could feel it too and it was burning inside her chest. In a moment of unbridled passion, she leant in and let her lips pressed softly against his. Tentatively she pulled back, but realized her folly and leant back in to press her lips firmly against his. Her arms wrapped around his neck pulling him in closer and deeper. Utterly bewildered, Harry could do nothing, but simply melt into the kiss allowing Cho full access to his mouth. Her tongue pushed inside battling and winning dominance over his complacent tongue. Pulling him close, Cho pressed her chest against his, her breasts squashed against his chest, her erect nipples protruding through her clothes and poking into his chest. Snaking a leg around Harry's, Cho pulled her crotch against his and immediately pulled back. "I'm sorry! I can't do this," Cho said immediately turning her back and hiding something from Harry. Adjusting her trousers, she kept her back turned confusing Harry even further. "What? What's wrong," Harry asked a little bolder now after Cho making the first move. "Nothing's wrong! Well… something, but… you… can't know…" Cho said her hands covering her crotch even though it was beyond Harry's sight. "Cho… you can trust me…" Harry said, remembering something Seamus said. Apparently it worked well on girls. He would see, wouldn't he. Sighing deeply, Cho turned around and lifting her hands, her face red. Standing there she waited for Harry to notice. Looking down at her crotch, Harry had to stifle a gasp as he saw what she was trying to conceal. Pressing against her tight jeans was a thick bulge stretching the fabric immensely, "I know! It's horrible. Disgusting!" "No! No… no… I'm sure it's beautiful," Harry said, not quite realizing what he was getting himself into. In his kindly attempts, he tried to make the girl feel confidant and not embarrassed about the addition to her person she had. However, he realized his folly when Cho, in frustration, undid her jeans and pulled the denim down along with her pink cotton panties. Harry's jaw dropped as he gazed upon her tool. It had to be twelves inches and at least three wide. It was hairless and a huge ball sack dangled beneath her throbbing shaft as pre-cum seeped from the tip of her engorged length, "Wow! It's… it's stunning…" Harry spoke the truth. Despite proclaiming himself to be straight, he found something oddly appealing about Cho's cock. It was enticing him and as he stared longingly at the cock, he felt his own length harden. Perhaps it was the hot Asian girl attached to the cock, or perhaps it was indeed the cock itself that was birthing these strange feelings of arousal, "Really? You think so?" "Yeah! Everything about you is beautiful," Harry blurted out trying to comfort the shy and horny girl, "It's just another beautiful part of you." "Oh Harry! You're so sweet!" Cho said rushing over to him, her huge cock bouncing as she did so. Pulling him in close, she trapped her length between their bodies, her head oozing a drop of pre-cum onto their clothes as she pulled him in for a deep passionate kiss. Her tongue slid back into her mouth as her hands reached down and cupped his pert young buttocks, pulling his hips even closer. She could feel his cock press against her. Giggling into Harry's mouth as she felt his bulge rub against her leg, she quickly realized just how small he was compared to her. Yeah he was seven inches which was commendable, but he seemed tiny when held up against her monster. Sliding her jeans of as she kissed Harry, she stood there with no bottoms on, he feet pressed against the cold stone. Pulling her lips away from his she smiled, "Erm… could you give me a hand… you know… making this go away? "Uh… sure," Harry stammered surprised at Cho's sudden forwardness. Was she really suggesting what he thought she was. He was going to get to fuck Cho Chang. His cock twitched a throbbed at the very idea, pushing against his jeans painfully. Chirping in excitement, Cho rested her hands on his shoulders and slowly pushed him down to his knees. Startled, Harry began to panic, "Erm, what?" "Thanks for this. Doing this by hand takes hours," Cho smiled, ignoring Harry's frantic stammers. Holding the back of his neck, she brought him close, her cockhead inches away from his mouth. Moaning to herself as she felt his hot breath on her cock, Cho took a hold of the base of her cock. Trying desperately to wrench his head from Cho's grasp, Harry could do nothing but look on as Cho brought her cock closer and closer to his lips. Keeping his mouth clamped tightly shut, he saw her cock graze his lips. Moaning loudly, Cho pressed her tip against his lips, sliding it back and forth, painting his lips with her pre-cum until they shimmered with a shining gleam. Grumbling, Harry let a dribble of her pre-cum seep into his mouth. The taste startled him and he instinctively opened his mouth to get rid of it allow Cho a chance to slide inside. With one push she lodged a couple inches in his gargling mouth, flooding him with her salty, musky pre-cum. Spasming and flinching, he tried to push her away, but Cho was simply too strong. Both her hands grasped the back of Harry's head tightly, softly caressing his head as she sunk her length into his mouth. Moaning, she reveled in the tight warmth of her new toy's mouth. Her cock stretched his lips tightly around her shaft as her cockhead rested at the entrance to his throat. "Oh Harry, you are simply divine. Your mouth is so warm and wet!" Holding her cock in his mouth for a moment, she began to thrust her hips back and forward moving the few inches she had buried in his mouth, back and forth, his saliva coating the portion of her length. Every time she pushed further forwards, Harry's throat would deny her access, clenching and constricting preventing her from sliding her cock deeper into the young boy, "Come on…open up! Let Cho come in!" Harry's mouth was filling with saliva and pre-cum, to the point where it was bubbling out of his mouth a streaming down his chin, adding to the sloppiness of the blowjob. Deciding to swallow, he soon noticed his mistake. As he swallowed, he opened his throat slightly allowing Cho's head to slip past and the tip to slide into her throat. Gagging he tried to push her cock out of her throat, but was unable as she had already made it past. His throat spasmed as she groaned loudly, her hands gripping his head tighter. Holding him steady she moved her feet forward and then slowly thrust her hips forward, easing her cock down Harry's throat in one long continuous push. Unable to fight back, Harry felt his throat stretch and flex to accommodate her thick length. Choking on her length, he quickly learnt to breathe through his nose her tip pressing against the back of his throat. His lips pressed against her soft, smooth and shaven crotch, his nose pressing into her skin as the entire cock settled inside his mouth. "Good boy…mmm. You are simply delish!" Cho grunted as she held his throat down on her cock, loving the tight wetness of his fluctuating and Spasming throat. Her massive, bulging ball sack slapped against his chin as she felt pleasure surge through her body, his tongue wrapping unconsciously around her pulsating shaft. Trying to steady his position, Harry leant around and let his hands grab her plump, fleshy arse cheeks and fondling her ass. The groping hands of Harry, simply added to the sensation of pleasure rushing through her tingling body. Pulling her cock back, she began to thrust and fuck his tight throat. Holding his head steady, she pounded back and forth, her cock twitching and pulsating as she fucked him. The warm saliva rushed down her cock as she slid back and forth, her orgasm edging closer and closer. Suddenly her cockhead erupted in pleasure, spurting her cum down his throat, flooding his throat with thick white cum. Groaning loudly, she pulled her cock from his mouth, watching as he coughed up cum, dripping down his chin as he swallowed what he could and spluttered the rest across the floor. "You did well, Harry," Cho murmured, jerking her cock, spreading saliva and cum along her length, "Now for your pleasure." Grabbing Harry by his hips, she flipped him onto his hands and knees and took her cock in hand. Harry complied, still trying to catch his breath. Not even thinking about what she meant, Harry felt Cho's thick cockhead press against his arsehole, smearing her cum and saliva covered tip along his puckered hole. His eyes flew open as he panicked, "No! Cho… it's too big!" Ignoring his cries for her to stop, Cho sunk her hips down, his tight hole constricting and preventing her from attaining her entrance. Chuckling slightly, she took a hold of his hips and slammed her cock forward submerging five inches in his tight clutching ass. His mouth fell open, ready to let out a scream, but her couldn't make any noise. The thick cock stretched his asshole to new extremes as she continued her assault. She had been consumed in lust and desire, sliding her cock deep into his ass, desperate to cum again. Grunting as she forced the last few inches into his ass, Cho moaned watching as Harry dropped his head, his face scrunched up in pain as he panted feverishly trying to adjust himself to the thick, throbbing length now forcefully invading his ass. Her shaven crotch pressed against his bare arse as she began to pull out. Sliding her cock back through his ass, she pummeled his prostate, sending shockwaves of pleasure through his sex ridden body. Slapping his ass cheeks, she pulled out until only her thick cockhead rested inside, before slamming her hips forward, burying the entirety of her length inside his ass, mashing his prostate against her cock, squeezing every last ounce of pleasure from the boy's body. Speeding up her lusty thrusts, she made sure to draw all the way out before sliding back in adding pleasure to Harry's pain. He was grunting alongside her moans and was slowly starting to enjoy the cock lodged deep in his ass. Cho built up quite a rhythm pounding her cock back and forth with relative ease now that she had loosened him up Pumping her hips forwards, she buried her cock entirely in his tight arse, his tight clutching hole, milking her cock for all it was worth. His hole flexed and tightened around her cock, causing her to moan loudly as he cock spasmed and twitched inside his ass. As he shaven crotch slammed into his ass cheeks, her cock erupted spurting out half a dozen strands of long thick cum into Harry's arse. Groaning loudly as he felt her cock unload into his ass and fill him to the brim with cum. Pulling her cock out from his ass, she moaned loudly and watched in awe as her cum dripped from is tight ass. Smacking his ass firmly, she pulled and squeezed his flesh before watching him collapse onto the floor exhausted, "Oh you are delicious Harry. Cedric will love you. We have to arrange a time when we can both play with you, my little buttslut." Only able to grunt in response, Harry lay there, cum seeping from his ass as Cho gathered her clothes together. His cock twitched and spurted cum across the floor as a smile edged across his face in contempt. Although he felt slightly violated, he loved the feeling of being used and left as a cum dump. Perhaps fun with Cho and Cedric would be fun.
Author's Note: The first two chapters on this story were written as one-shots before I decided to take the story in a different direction. The story will now follow a single narrative detailed in the first chapter which is the third entry on the story. Please read the author's note there for more information. The first two chapters will not be removed, but have been rattled as 'Proof of Concept' and are completely detached from the main story. Thank you. On an additional note, this story was inspired by Futadom's brilliant story, 'Harry Potter Futanari one-shots'. Go check it out! Proof of Concept: Morning Punishment Stirring from his sleep, Harry flexed his arms and legs, stretching. Turning over onto his back, he couldn't help, but wince, his ass still sore from the rough fucking Cho had given him. Grunting slightly, he tentatively moved his body, his lower half in pain as he tried to move. He felt as if his arse had a gape to it, his hole slightly wider and more open than usual, a strange, but not at all unpleasant feeling. As Harry pushed himself up and swung his leg to the left side of his bed, he encountered resistance. "Morning Harry! Sleep well?" The family voice of Ginny asked as Harry's foot hit her waist. She was sat on the end of the bed in a nightie watching the older boy sleep. He voice was chipper and almost overly fake, "The first time is always the worst." "Ginny? What are you doing here? The first time? What are you talking about?" Harry grunted as he fumbled around for his glasses and sat up straight. Wiping the dust from his eyes, he looked over at Ginny who had a beaming smile on her freckled face. "I was up here to talk to you," Ginny said blatantly as Harry glanced around the room, wondering if Ron any of the other boys were around, but found them to be nowhere in sight. "I could have figured that out," Harry sighed as he realised he was wearing only a pair of pyjama bottoms and he was developing a morning problem. His trousers were tightening by the second and the fact that Ginny was in the room wasn't helping, "You didn't answer my question. First time?" "First time? First cock. It's always the hardest. Hurts real bad too," Ginny replied nonchalantly as Harry blushed profusely. Somehow Ginny knew and Harry wasn't really wanting this to be a big thing. His face turned a darker and deeper red than Ginny's hair and he tried to avert his eyes from the younger Weasley girl, embarrassed about what Cho did to him. "Erm…I dunno what you're talking about," Harry laughed nervously, his cock strangely twinging as mental pictures of Cho's naked body and thick lumbering cock invaded his mind. Trying to think of other things, Harry tried to tame his cock and soften it before Ginny noticed. "Sure you do! Hermione saw you two going at it in the Owlery. She had you bent over with her girl-cock shoved right up your sissy ass," Ginny smirked as she cornered Harry and made him go an even deeper shade of green, "I was quite shocked to be honest. Not that you loved cock, everyone already knew that!" "Shocked? About what then?" Harry asked nervously as Ginny's sexy smirk turned into a more devilish smile with lustful intent behind it. Like a lion locking eyes with a gazelle. He was easy prey in her eyes and he was a little uneasy. "That you didn't come to me first," Ginny snapped forcefully. Shocked, Harry felt Ginny grab his arm and pull him forwards. Surprised at the strength behind her grab, Harry was powerless to stop her as she forced him over her knee, his body writhing beneath her grasp. Trying to push up, Harry was forced back down his body dangling limp over her lap, his hardened cock pressing against her knees, "Wow! Already hard… impressive. But I still can't forgive you for fucking that Asian slut before me! You're going to have to be punished, before you can be my little cocksheathe." Harry opened his mouth to object, but his words were ripped from him as Ginny's hand painfully crashed down on his clothed bum. Jolting forwards, he gasped the pain surging through his body. Rubbing her hand across the smacked cheek, Ginny was quick to raise her hand again and spank Harry, causing him to gasp again, his cock grinding against her knees, "Gin! Please…Stop!" "No, you need to be punished for being a naughty little buttslut," Ginny said switching cheeks and firmly slapping the other one leaving burning handprints beneath his pyjama bottoms on his firm little bum cheeks. Drawing her wand from her nighty, she hooked it inside his pyjamas and slowly pulled the garment down to his waist, revealing his tight little arse. Smirking, she used her free hand to grope his pert flesh and pull his cheeks apart revealing his new gaping hole. Cho had done some real damage and his hole was wider than it had ever been before. The noticeable gape was a nice look for the little boy toy, "That Chinese bimbo did a real number to you! Your ass will never be the same. Believe me, when I get my cock up here, the Asian whore will seem like a cakewalk!" "Your cock?" Harry gasped as Ginny's hand smacked his bare ass, causing him to jump slightly as she massaged the raw red mark she left behind, before slapping him again. She cooed each time her dainty hand hit his arse and made sure to pull painfully at his flesh before letting it fall back into place and spanking him again. The room was filled with gasps of pain and the loud cracking sounds of the powerful and painful slaps Ginny was inflicting. "That's right my little cocksheathe… my cock. Not Cho's cock, my cock," Ginny said as she drew her wand once more. Tracing the tip of the wood across his cheeks, Harry enjoyed the soft sensations of the cold wood against his raw skin, before she sharply struck his bum with the wooden toy, causing him to gasp even louder. Somehow the wand hurt more and the red marks it left, decorated his pert arse nicely, "I think you've learnt your lesson, but you still need to make it up to me…" "Okay, Ginny… just no more spanking," Harry panted, his ass even sorer than it was before and now covered it burning red marks, that were sore to even touch. Loosening her grip on Harry, Ginny watched as he wrongfully tried to stand up. Spanking him once more to force him to keep the position bent over her knee, Ginny smirked and laughed, "What the hell?" "I'm not done with you just yet," Ginny purred, her hands running along Harry's back and grabbing his black hair. Jerking his head back, she nibbled at his ear as she traced her wand done Harry's ass cheeks and settled the tip at his entrance, "Hermione taught me this. Neat little spell, for butt sluts like you…" Making sure that the wand would stay, Ginny let the implement go and looked down at Harry's arse, to see the wooden shaft standing straight up from his asshole. A few words and the spell kicked in. Slowly to wand began to drill its way into Harry's ass, easing its way in and out of his hole, driving deeper with each twist it made. It took a minute, before the wand was drilling itself all the way into Harry's ass. Grunting and groaning in pain, Harry clutched at the bed sheets as Ginny's hands caressed his ass, the wand sliding in and out of him, filling him. It was nothing compared to Cho, but the wand was still large enough to be uncomfortable for the practically virgin boy. "You like that?" Ginny laughed, getting only painfully and uncomfortable groans in response only cause her to laugh even more, "Oh you have no idea how cool this spell is. I lost count of how many times I've woken up and found Hermione on her bed with her hand jerking her cock and her wand forcing its way in and out of her ass. Mmm… sometimes she would take all the girls wands and use them all at once on herself. So hot. Hell I've even woken up once or twice with her lips around my cock and her wand in my ass… Oh we are going to have so much fun with you!" "Urgh… argh… ah, ah," Harry mumbled in response as Ginny tossed him onto the bed, his body laid flat down, the wand still driving in and out of him on its own. Concentrating on trying to not scream loudly and attract even more attention, Harry lost track of Ginny who was walking around the room gathering something by the looks of it. As she returned to the bed she had a naughty smile on her face as she took one of his arms and tied a tie tightly around it. Before Harry could stop her, Ginny had tied his left arm to one of the posts on the bed and was quick to follow with the other arm. "Now… to have your legs spread or closed…" Ginny muttered to herself as she knelt between his legs. She adjusted his legs trying to decide whether to tie each leg to a post and have him spread eagle and defenceless of to tie his legs together and to the middle of the bedspread. Switching back and forth between the positions, she kept shifting the wand and his ass, making it even more uncomfortable for Harry, "Closed. Your ass will be far tighter than if you were spread open. And I like my sheathes tight!" Strapping Harry's legs together, she made him clench around her wand, making his hole even tighter. Cho had stretched him, but the size of cock that the girls of Hogwarts had made him seem tighter than a virgin. Tying his legs to the beam between the underside of the bed, she clambered up to his face which was scrunched up in pain. Sitting against the headboard, Ginny slid her nightie of and tossed it to one side. She had no bra on and only a pair of simple white cotton panties, bulging obscenely with the size of her bulbous and throbbing cock. Hooking her fingers inside the underwear, she slid them down to her knees and revealed her length to a fearful Harry. Cho was big, but Ginny just added to it. Where the Asian beauty that had fucked him was twelve inches, Ginny was an even bigger fourteen and added an inch to Cho's three inch girth, making Harry tremble with fear and excitement. As much as he didn't want that thick monster piercing his ass, he couldn't help but remember just how good Cho's cock felt after a while. His cock was trapped between his stomach and the bed and was leaking pre-cum just as Ginny's was. The redhead's hand slowly jerked her cock back and forth, seeming to take an age to travel from the base to the tip. "Now Harry, show me just how much you love me and give me a kiss," Ginny purred holding, her cock by the base and holding it straight up for Harry to kiss. Hesitant, Harry tried to bury his head in the pillow, afraid of how Ginny would use his mouth. Smiling, she said, "Just the head… I'll do the rest." A little confused, Harry saw no other way out of this scenario, other than doing as he was asked. He kept telling himself, he wanted out and that he hated the very prospect of sucking such a big cock, but there was that horny little twinge inside him that just made him want it. A craving for girl cock. Taking his head from the pillow her looked up at Ginny. Unable to move his hands and take a hold of her cock, Harry relied on Ginny to guide her own hairless beautiful girl-cock to his mouth. As the shining tip lingered and hovered an inch away from his mouth, Harry let his tongue extend and flick back and forth across her sensitive head. As she moaned in pleasure, Harry took this as a good sign and puckered his lips, pressing them firmly against her tip, covering his lips in a thin layer of shimmering pre-cum. Nervously, he parted his lips and let the cockhead slip into his mouth. It took some manoeuvring, but eventually her fitted the entire head into his mouth, the cockhead stretching his jaw obscenely. Making to pull back for air, Harry was stopped by Ginny's powerful hands holding his neck. "I said all you hand to take was the head… and then I would do the rest… here's me doing the rest," Ginny moaned loudly, her eyes closed in ecstasy as she revelled in the war, wet pleasures of her cocksheathe's tight little mouth. Adjusting his head with her hands, she opened his throat up and as he realised he was defenceless to stop her, Harry felt her force his head downwards. Struggling against his bonds, Harry kicked and flailed, his arms pulling at the ties around his wrist, but it was all futile. With one push, Ginny forced five of her monumentally thick inches down his throat, pushing him to the limits. His throat gagged and spluttered around his cock, as every ridge and vein could be accurately traced from his throat. Struggling to breathe, Harry got tiny breaths through his nose, but he was too panicked and flustered by the monstrous cock now invading his mouth, "And now! Argh… for the… rest of it!" Grabbing Harry's hair, Ginny slammed his mouth down and thrust upwards, sinking another five inches into her cock slut's mouth, so only a couple more inches remained. Harry's eyes were wide as his throat expanded vastly and his lips clamped tightly down around her cock. He tried to open wider and make it easier for himself, but his body wouldn't allow him and his jaw was only able to stretch and accommodate so much cock. Sliding back ever so slightly, Ginny slid what she already had inside him back and forth, building up for one last push. Gripping his head tightly, she drew back slightly before thrusting upwards and pushing him downwards. This time, his lips pressed against her crotch, her cock practically choking him. His tongue was trapped and pressed flat against the bottom of his mouth and his throat was Spasming and flexing around her cock, trying to get it out, but only serving to add more delicious, tight, wet pleasure to the young redhead's cock. Moaning loudly, Ginny looked down at her cocksheathe's puckered lips pressed against her bare shaven crotch and smiled, "Maybe we should get you some lipstick, so that when a girl fucks your throat, you can leave a nice little mark around her base!" Gargling and spewing saliva out of his mouth, Harry tried to get her to let him breathe and finally succeeded when she drew her cock from his mouth, a string of saliva connecting her tip to his defenceless lips. As he gasped and begged for air, Ginny stroked her cock, spreading the saliva evenly along her length. As Harry was preoccupied with his breathing, she rolled off the side of the bed and went round to his arse. Pulling her wand from his ass, she suckled on the tip enjoying the taste of his ass on her wand. Harry however was just glad to not have anything forcing its way into his ass anymore. His happiness however was soon shattered as Ginny straddled his pert bum and grabbed her cock, "You're gonna love my cock baby… I'm gonna make you forget all about that Asian fucktoy!" "Gin! No, no, no!" Harry exclaimed as he felt his cheeks parting and Ginny pressing her thick bulbous cockhead against his arsehole. Continuing to flail and shake, Harry found it all in vain. She had trapped his ass between her creamy white thighs, meaning he couldn't move at all and she was entirely in control of his ass. Control she was putting too good use. Smearing her saliva covered cock across his puckered hole, Ginny began to push downwards, her head squashing against his asshole. Finding an entrance, the very tip of her cock managed to nestle against him, causing him to groan. With a slight shifting of her weight, Ginny let her cockhead slip past his sphincter and rest inside his arse causing him to gasp and her to moan in pleasure. Instead of letting him adjust to her size and length, Ginny simply sank her cock deeper into his ass, every inch of her cock slipping past his defenceless and obscenely stretched asshole. Moaning continuously, Ginny felt her crotch press against Harry's toned and hairless buttocks. Looking down, she saw his hole stretching to fit her length and simply smiled. His face was buried in the pillow and he was trying to refrain from screaming as Ginny raised both her hands and sharply struck both his cheeks. Yelping, Harry jolted forward immediately regretting it as her cock shifted inside him, causing him to groan in pain. "That's right baby… moan for me," Ginny purred reaching over and grabbing his hair. Jerking his head back, Ginny knelt on one knee, her other foot planted flat on the ground in a position as if she were proposing. Holding Harry's head, she used it as an anchor as she drew her cock back. She didn't hold back sliding her cock back and forth with ease, pulling him back with his hair, driving her cock deeper and deeper with each powerful and deep thrust. Moving only her hips, she shifted four inches in and out, making sure to never remove the entirety of her cock and make sure the entirety was always inside with each thrust. Harry could feel every ridge and vein as she delved deeper and deeper, her cockhead, squashing his prostate roughly with each thrust. It took a few minutes, but eventually Ginny's cock began to elicit pleasure in Harry's body and his grunts of pain turned to moans of pleasure. His mouth fell open as he moaned audibly encouraging Ginny. Pounding her hips forward, she scratched his prostate in a different way, causing his body to shake. His cock spasmed and twitched, cum spurting from his tip, painting the sheets beneath him. His ass tightened and flexed around her cock, causing her to moan. The increased pressure around her cock, caused her orgasm to inch closer and as she neared her end she made her thrusts even deeper and more powerful. "Fuck Harry!" Ginny said as she thrust her hips forward, burying her cock deep inside him. As she did so, her cock twitched spewing strand after strand of cum deep into his ass. Several long strands painted his insides as his ass milked every last drop from Ginny's thick cock. It took her at least a minute before her cock was drained of cum and eventually, she fell flat on Harry's back, her breasts pressing against his back, "Oh Harry… that was delicious… Was it better than that Chinese slut?" "Much..." Harry panted as his cock began to rapidly soften. He felt Ginny's start to droop inside him, but it was still big enough when soft to fill him up nicely. "I'm glad, because now you're my cocksheathe, which means this Is going to be happening more often," Ginny smirked, pushing off of Harry and drawing her cock out of his ass. Grabbing her nightie she pulled it over her body and tucked her panties under Harry's pillow with a smile, "Other girls will hear of you and Cho and will do the same as me, but you must always remember that even after all the girls that fuck your tight whore ass, you are still my cocksheathe. Promise…" "I promise Gin. Now untie me?" Harry said as he craned his neck to see her and beg for his freedom. Ginny was a kind person and as she crossed over to the door, she drew he wand. "Of course!" Flicking it across Harry, she cut one of the ties, freeing his hand and allowing him to escape. Turning to leave, she stopped and peered back around the corner, "Word of warning, Hermione can be really rough and… well… you'd better be prepared!" With that she left, leaving Harry to wonder about Hermione. He was new to this and really wasn't up for a rough fucking. Maybe he would avoid Hermione for the time being, maybe he wouldn't...
Author's Note: Hey guys! I know a lot of people have been eagerly anticipating this one-shot. Tonks is easily one of the most popular characters to pair with Harry out with Ginny, Hermione and Luna. I'm also incredibly excited to write it as it should be delightfully naughty. Tonks is a character with so much potential and with her abilities she can be one of the most sexually diverse characters. Expect some kinky stuff. As this is a one-shot, it is completely unrelated to the main story-line and is a completely separate entity. It is also not related to the other one-shots and completely stands on its own. And for that reason, I am jumping ahead in time to the start of Harry's sixth year. Why? Because I had a brilliant idea that I could simply not ignore, and I really want to write it. Please leave a review and let me know if you like my version of Tonks. Considering this Is a one-shot, it's the perfect place to experiment and fine tune her character before her proper introduction, so let me know what you think! Enjoy! One-shot: A Stiff Ride Unable to move, Harry felt the fabric of his cloak being flung back over him, Draco Malfoy's smug grin disappearing as he left the train. Petrified and unable to move, Harry panicked, his mind exploding as he tried his very best to figure out what to do. There was no way he could go back to King's Cross and miss his sixth year. It was simply impossible. And if he did go all the way back, no one would find him. He'd lay there, frozen for days, starving to death slowly as Draco lorded it up at school, bragging to everyone about what he did. Panicking, Harry's salvation came for him, though not in anyway he may have suspected. The door to the carriage slid open and despite being able to move his eyes, he couldn't angle his head enough to see who it was, until they tripped clumsily against his frozen form, swearing beneath their breath as their foot collided with an invisible, masked object. Confused, the figure reached slowly down, her hand fumbling around across the ground until she felt the soft fabric of the cloak brush her hand. Gripping it, she smirked, a familiar devilish smirk stretching across her lips as she tugged the cloak away from his body, revealing his stiff and frozen form, Harry's eyes finally getting the angle on the figure, seeing her cheeky smile, etched across her face. Tonks. "Wotcher Harry!" Tonks chirped happily, throwing her hood back and revealing her bright purple hair, salacious grin on her face as she did so, trying her best not to laugh at the boy as he lay there unmoving. Brushing a lock of her hair out of her eyes, she drew her wand, preparing to unfreeze him, "In a bit of a pickle, eh? Bet you wish you could move. I mean… I could unfreeze you… or…" Harry was silently screaming inside, frustrated as Tonks slid her wand back into her robes, winking suggestively at Harry as she surveyed him up and down, a promiscuous smirk on her face as she ran her hand down along his arm, Harry knowing exactly what the woman had in mind. He and Tonks had gotten quite close over the past two years. Remarkably close and he knew her temperament exactly. She wasn't one to pass up an opportunity to make Harry writhe with embarrassment or make him feel a little uncomfortable in any and all manners of ways. In his mind he began to wonder exactly what the intimacies of her plan were. "Looking a bit stiff down there Harry? Didn't know I had that effect on you," Tonks grinned, her hand gliding down towards his crotch and sliding up between his thighs, gently prying his stiff legs apart. Gently squeezing his cock, she found it hard in her hand, throbbing through the fabric of his jeans as Harry gave her a threatening death stare, one she relished. That was their relationship. One of them would taunt, tease and trick the other and then the other one would get their swift vengeance by doing the same. And boy did Tonks expect some hard retaliation for this one. Well she wouldn't have his 'retaliation' any other way, "Oh, no. Not as stiff as I thought. Ah well. It's alright. Some boy's need a little extra help some time. It happens to everyone… Even me. Well not me because, as I'm sure your aware, I don't get stage fright. But it's okay Harry. Don't be embarrassed. Oh, no you're blushing. It's alright, really. I don't mind." Harry was blushing, but not with embarrassment. Tonks was relishing this opportunity, getting her money's worth and teasing him to the extreme, all without him being able to do anything in response. Just lay there and be at fondled and taunted for something that simply wasn't true. If anything, his cock was more hardened by the spell, her hand helping it steadily along as she gently unzipped his jeans. To an outsider looking in, it would look as if Tonks was fondling him for the first time, but in fact they had become acquainted a fair while ago. The Christmas of his fifth year, she needed a hand and Harry obliged, the pair jerking each other off. And slowly as the days ticked by, they became more engaged with each other to the point where Tonks could casually start fondling his cock whilst he was frozen on the ground and neither of them found it sexually strange in the slightest. Slowly unzipping his jeans, she bit her lip, offering Harry another wink as she slowly tugged his trousers downwards and out of the way, a lusty grin emerging on her face as she was met with his stiff and hardened cock, bulging against his boxers. Easing the underwear down, she watched his cock spring free, the shaft pointing upwards, entirely rigid because of the spell, the tip dribbling a small bead of pre-cum across it's surface as she let his shaft loose. Leaning backwards, she sat on her knees, her bum resting of her feet as she sighed and looked all the way up his sizable length. Nine inches in length, it was quite the prize. When Tonks first engaged with the young boy, she expected a poultry cock to lay betwixt his legs, but she was happily surprised. Not that she ever let Harry know, preferring to tease him more than anything. Sighing audibly, she turned to him and said, "It's a bit small isn't it? I mean that's no good. Not that I'm trying insult you, it's just that… I'm a bit of a size queen and well… You know. In fact, I don't think anyone would be satisfied per-say…" Harry was going throttle her as soon as he could move, however his opinions of frustration and anger were soon alleviated as Tonks wrapped her soft, silky experienced hand around his cock, daintily beginning to jerk him slowly off, biting her lip as she did so, the woman practically able to read the thoughts going through his head despite blank vacant expression. Sliding her hand all the way up to his engorged tip, she coated her palm in pre-cum, her hand gliding across the sensitive bulb of flesh and bringing a stifled grunt to Harry's frozen lips, making the purple-haired girl grin widely as her hand continued to slide up and down, his foreskin sliding over his head, coating it to a glossy shimmer as each delicious bead of pre-cum dribbled from his tip. Her slickened hand allowed her to move faster, her hand sliding with ease across his hardened flesh, grunts of pleasure being trapped behind his lips as he revelled quietly in the adept ability of her hand, the inability to exhibit his pleasure being entirely torturous. Licking her lips, Tonks lowered her lips down towards his crotch, Harry's eyes unable to see her as her lips disappeared lower and lower. Worried as to what she was about to do, he moaned a soft moan as her lips pressed themselves softly against his tip, her already glossy lipstick covered lips shimmering brightly as pre-cum coated her plump soft lips. Moaning as she licked her lips sumptuously, she savoured the delicious taste on her tongue, making sure she cleaned every last drop off her tongue, each tiny droplet being a morsel of delectable pleasure. In between her legs, she could feel herself hardening, pressing against the tiny g-string she opted to wear that day, her thick bulbous shaft begging painfully to be released. Taking a moment, she shrunk her cock slowly downwards, smiling as the sensation of having her panties cut into her cock was mitigated. Craving more of his delicious pre-cum, she wrapped her tongue eagerly around the tip of his cock, her tongue dancing back and forth as she collected every dribble of pre-cum that oozed across the rigid purple flesh, a soft moan sending gorgeous vibrations down and allowing his shaft. Lovingly and lustily dragging her tongue back and forth, she replaced the slick layer of pre-cum with her only glossy saliva, her hand continuing to jerk back and forth across his length, lubricated to a slick glide by a mouthful of saliva which she dribbled down and along his shaft. Plucking her lips away from his tip, she grinned, dragging her hand back up to the head of his cock and rubbing back and forth across the incredibly sensitive bulb of flesh, Harry's body began to be allowed to twitch, but being kept restrained as excessive amounts of uncomfortable pleasure flooded his body, dancing up and down his cock as Tonks brought her mouth back up to his, her lips slick with another layer of his pre-cum. Unable to stop her, he felt her press her lips delicately covering his lips in his own pre-cum before salaciously licking her lips clean, returning down to his cock. Planting her lips once more on the crown of his cock, she gently parted them, easing the tip of his cock into her mouth, humming gently around his shaft, sending vibrations along his cock, stimulating him with waves of deliciously skilful pleasure. Sliding her lips slowly down his shaft, the tip of his cock hit her tight throat, begging for access, which she readily gave. Whilst most people would swallow to allow access to the depths of their throat, Tonks simply relaxed her throat, loosening the width of her gullet and letting it easily slide inside before tightening it up again, sandwiching his cock in and even tighter hole. The pleasures and benefits of being a Metamorphmagus. Smiling around his shaft, she could tell he desperately wanted to moan properly, the inability to move torturing him more than her delicious and amply applied pleasure. He loved her blowjobs, though he rarely accepted them for one simple reason that she was so elegantly about to display. Taking the last few inches into her throat, she held his shaft deep inside her with ease, her throat adjusting to accommodate him comfortably. With her lips pressed against his shaven crotch (a trend Tonks forced Harry to follow), Tonks took the opportunity to slowly begin to undress. Unfastening her cloak, she tossed it too one side, slowly beginning to unbutton her purple waistcoat before dropping that as well. Her shirt was the last thing above her waist and that came off quicker than anything else, her rather small breasts being exposed. Having her abilities meant that bras were more a hinderance than help. If they were in the way, she simply shrunk them. And no matter what size she adopted, she could always have them hanging perfectly without support. With her lips still wrapped sumptuously around his cock, she glanced down at her breasts, slowly enlarging them, knowing full well that Harry appreciated when she adopted a plump rack. And then, she returned focus to the cock lodged in her throat. Sliding a hand down to Harry's balls, she found them to be a lot of fun. The spell strangely didn't freeze Harry and make everything about him unmoveable. Tonks found that she could move parts of him, briefly breaking the spell on that part of his body before it kicked back in when she dropped them. Grinning around Harry's cock, she took a brief moment to play with his balls, putting them into strange and unique placements, making Harry groan. Not out satisfaction, but disdain for the amount of fun she was having with it. Leaving them frozen in a strange position, she turned back towards his cock, finally planning on finishing what she started, using her powers for the upmost pleasure. Making sure her lips were firmly pressed against his crotch, she closed her eyes and focussed, slowly tightening her throat around his cock until she began to struggle to breath. Bobbing her head up and down, she plunged Harry's cock in and out of the tightest throat imaginable, slowly loosening and tightening her gullet as she saw fit, massaging his cock with her throat, all the while sliding and gliding her lips lustily back and forth across his cock as her hands latched onto her breasts, gently fiddling with her nipples, tweaking and plucking on the sensitive nubs, making her moan lustily around his cock, sending bursts of pleasure along his shaft. Plunging hers lips all the way down on his cock, she clamped her throat down tightly, until no air could pass through, Harry's cock wrapped tightly by her throat. Holding it there, she waited a moment until she needed to breathe, before loosening her throat considerable, alternating between the two states squeezing and releasing his cock, pleasing him without even moving her mouth, sending more pleasure than any other girl could give him with her mouth. Finally, she decided to finish him off. Starting at the base of his cock, she tightened her lips around his cock, slowly tightening her throat down towards his tip, loosening her lips as the tightness travelled slowly downwards. Harry's mind went into a haze. This technique was always what got him. It was like someone was jerking his cock off, but with a soft wet pocket of flesh. The pressure travelled along his cock like it was a hand, different portions of her throat tightening and relaxing, sliding up and down all without moving her lips. Tonks was grinning on the inside, knowing that Harry couldn't last much longer when she applied such delicious oral pleasure all without much effort of her own. A hand collected his balls and gently begun to massage them, tenderly squeezing and playing with them as she felt him began to twitch and spasm, his cock the only thing that was moving in his entire body as pleasure hit him like a waterfall, cascading down across his cock. His orgasm hit him hard, his cock flailing around inside her throat as cum poured out of his tip and flooded down her throat, the woman eagerly swallowing whatever deliciousness he offered her. Continuing to milk his cock with only her throat, not moving in the slightest, Tonks made sure she swallowed it all, not wasting a single drop as she pulled her lips away from his cock, letting go of his shaft and watching it freeze. Gently pinging his shaft, he shook for a moment before becoming rigid. If she held onto his cock a little while more, it would have softened, his orgasm relieving the hardness of his shaft. However, Tonks wasn't done yet and still wanted little Harry hard and standing at attention. "Oh… You didn't last very long, did you?" Tonks teased, crawling up towards his head, coming back into view of him, flaunting and flashing him her larger tits, shaking them gently as she teased him with them. Every bone in his body wanted to reach out and touch them, squeeze them and massage them, playing with the soft handfuls and savouring their plump fullness. Smiling seductively, Tonks leant down and with her fingers played with Harry's mouth, pulling his lips into different positions, giggling as she did so, "Happy Harry. Sad Harry. Angry Harry. Happy Harry? Horny Harry? Definitely horny Harry!" Moving to speak, Harry internally screamed as Tonks moved his lips around to reflect her own moods, the woman laughing and enjoying it to an extent that infuriated Harry. Finally, she dropped his lips after trying her best to part them, but finding herself unable to wrench his jaw open. Rising to her feet, Tonks dropped her skirt, to the ground revealing her sexy underwear. Wearing a deep maroon almost deep purple g-string, she had her tiny cock hidden away behind it, almost to the extent that you wouldn't even notice it. It was her legs that Harry was drawn to however. She had a pair of fishnet stockings pulled up her legs, held in place by a garter belt that matched her underwear, her long creamy legs rolling down into her high heels, a frankly demure and sexy look, one that Harry longed to run his hands along and relish every inch. If only he wasn't petrified. "Not going to comment? A bit rude," Tonks taunted, winking again as she dropped her panties, revealing a frankly disturbingly small cock. Glancing down she gasped, feigning surprise before elongating it to match Harry's in length and width, her hand dropping to her shaft and gently starting to jerk herself back and forth before dropping back down to her knees, her cock looming over Harry. He wasn't exactly scared by her cock, being incredibly used to it at this point, but Tonks wasn't exactly one to maintain a moment. There had been several evenings that Harry would borderline call romantic in which she suddenly doubled the size of her cock, choking Harry and rolling around howling with laughter as he gagged and spluttered. And she could make her shaft ludicrously large. And with Harry frankly unable to defend himself, it wasn't like he had much choice in decided where she drew the line. Kneeling next to his face, Tonks slapped her cock down onto his lips, knowing that she wouldn't be able to slide her cock into his throat as she had hoped. She settled for simply sawing her hips back and forth, her cock gliding along his lips. Harry always had soft lips. Of course, Tonks preferred it when they were wrapped deliciously around the base of her cock as opposed to sliding up and down her shaft, but she could Hardly complain. Pressing her tip against his lips, she pushed them roughly against the soft pillows, her cock sliding against his teeth, but still tingling with pleasure. Sliding back and forth, her balls began to slap against his cheek as she sped up. Much to Harry's annoyance, she enlarged her balls, making them heavier and the smack louder. Although he couldn't see her cock in full, he wagered that she'd look pretty disproportionate when it came to the size of her cock and the heavy, full balls swinging beneath her. Although, much to Harry's dismay, she quickly rectified that, but not in the way he had hoped. Slowly, mid thrust, her cock began to swell growing to match the heavy pair of balls that dangled beneath it. Whilst she had the ability to make her body contort and change into ludicrous ways, her cock included, Tonks rarely found a practical use for an obscenely large member. Apart from when she was torturing Harry. Growing to eighteen inches, Tonks lowered both her hands to support the engorged member, holding it front of Harry's face so that he could see the massive shaft the was dangling before him. Looking on in horror, he was helpless as she playfully began to slap it against his face, the heavy engorged weight of her cock being hilarious the woman as she laughed to herself, "What do you think Harry? Still too small? Don't worry, I'll let you experience it… properly, shall we say?" And with that Tonks strode out of Harry's view, clambering around and in between his legs, slowly spreading them, trying to keep her giggles to herself as she revealed Harry's arse, tight and constricted due to the spell. Normally, he was a little agape due to Tonks' rather… fervent treatment of her delectable derriere. Pressing the tip of her engorged cock against Harry's asshole, she watched as Harry's eyes danced back and forth panicking. He had never thought she would do something like this, despite her proclivity for stretching him whilst she was lodged inside his bum. But he wouldn't put it past her. It would be the kind of thing she'd try and do whilst he was paralysed. Lodge an eighteen-inch cock up his arse," Ready, sweetie?" Slowly, but surely, she kept pushing forwards, trying worm her thick, eighteen-inch head inside, Harry's face almost scrunching up in pain, but not quite being allowed to. Biting her lip, she kept pushing until the head slipped inside, a deep guttural grunt coming out of Harry's clenched teeth as he tried to convince himself that she somehow wasn't going to slide eighteen inches inside of him without his say so. Wrapping her hands around his legs, she slowly thrust forwards, his arse relaxing the deeper inside she went, but as she built up her rhythm, she shortened her cock, burying her preferred length of ten inches deep inside him, leaning across his paralysed body, knowing that he was enjoying himself despite putting on a brave face. And Harry was enjoying himself. Fucking Tonks was always an eccentric ride. She was a bit different. Everyone can bend over and have sex with someone, but Tonks would be the only one who would take advantage of you when you were helpless. Frankly, Harry saw it as a perverse and bizarre testament to their eccentric relationship. Breathing a quiet sigh of relief as Tonks' shaven crotch pressed itself against his arse, only ten of her possible inches sliding deep inside his bum. Glancing downwards, he caught a brief glimpse of her devilish smile as she began to slowly move her hips back and forth, gently fucking his arse as her hands latched onto her breasts, gently squeezing them and playing with them, putting on an erotic and lusty show for him as she fucked him, savouring all the enjoyment of the situation with a lusty and greedy smile. Moaning audibly, Tonks overreacted slightly, playing up the pleasure as her hands rubbed across her body, teasing Harry. He was very hands on when they fucked and liked to pull and roughly grab stuff as they passionately fucked, and she knew he was desperate to grab at her body and play with her. She debated casting the counter curse and just having a normal fuck session, but decided the kinkiness was too good to pass up and that she needed to relish the naughty dominating aspect of this. Neither one of them was particularly dominant in bed, with both of them playing both parts, simply eager to fuck. So, naturally Tonks would relish any chance to be a bit more… commanding. "Oh, yeah baby… You're my good little butt-slut. You like being called a butt-slut?" Tonks purred. She knew he hated being called that. He hated the whole name calling thing entirely. Tonks wasn't a particular fan of it either, but she enjoyed how much it made his skin crawl. She was fond of using Daddy, because that made Harry extremely uncomfortable. Thrusting harder and harder, Tonks dribbled a mouthful of saliva down onto her cock, savouring the slickness as she thrust backwards and forwards, slowly speeding up, her balls slapping eagerly against his bum cheeks as pleasure coursed through both of their bodies. As much as Harry was starting to grow uncomfortable, he couldn't deny the pleasure that the constant attack upon his prostate was providing. If he could move his lips, he would be moaning loudly and proudly, probably forcing his arse onto her cock, craving more. But suddenly his pleasure was undercut by Tonks murmuring, "You can be my butt-slut from now on…" Smiling to herself, proud of her taunting, Tonks sped herself up, leaning across Harry so that her breasts were dangling right in front of his face, teasing him even more as they begged to be squeezed and groped. Speeding her thrusts up, she began to move quicker and quicker, her balls slapping loudly, echoing through the entire train, Tonks' moans growing louder and louder as she inched closer and closer to her orgasm, her cock twitching, on the verge of exploding deep in Harry. Knowing full well that Harry hated being came inside, she planned on pumping him full. Truth be told, she wasn't a massive fan of being cum inside, primarily because she preferred a large oral deposit that she could savour and taste. Grunting as she sped up, she hammered her cock back and forth, Harry's silent, grunts almost being loud enough for Tonks to hear. If she wasn't slamming her cock in and out whilst moaning loudly, she would probably hear, his lusty sounds, but she was in too deep and desperate to cum at this point to really care. "Here… It… Comes… Oh, yeah, my little butt-slut…" She groaned, hammering home and spurting several long strands of creamy cum deep inside his constricted arsehole, moaning loudly as she did so. Gently easing her cock in and out, she milked every drop into his bum, her cock softening rapidly as she did so. Savouring the last moments in his tight depths, Tonks moaned audibly before slowly sliding her cock out of his arse, a dribble of cum following her as she smiled widely, looking up at Harry's vacant expression, "No pillow talk?" Smirking, Tonks strode over to her robe and grabbed her wand, elegantly casting the counter-curse, Harry's body instantly unfreezing and allowing him to move. His cock was still hard as Tonks' treatment of his arse had made him even more aroused before. Staggering to his feet, he watched as Tonks collected her clothes, bending over on the ground in search of one of the pieces she discarded, "Have you seen my panties." Without even breathing a word, Harry seized the opportunity and got his revenge. Sinking down to his knees behind her, he pressed the tip of his cock against her tight, constricted arse and plunged his cock deep inside her pert bum, moaning loudly as he did so. His hands roamed across her body, pulling and groping at every inch of her, moaning loudly as he savoured the vast expanse of her soft, plump flesh. His hands found her arse, pulling at her round bum cheeks, groping and squeezing them before sharply raising his hands and sharply spanking her, causing her to wince and open her mouth to object, her words being squeezed out through soft moans of pleasure as Harry's cock ground against her prostate. Having enlarged her prostate ever so slightly, she received even more eager pleasure as Harry's cock was sandwiched tightly against it. Lifting his hand and spanking her again, he received a stern reprimand, "You know I don't like being spanked!" "Really? I forgot. Just like you forgot about all the things I didn't like," Harry smiled, reaching forwards and wrapping his hand around her hair, tugging it back painfully as he slammed his cock deep inside her arse, using the leverage to sink deeper into her sumptuous behind his other hand spanking her arse sharply, Tonks grunting as Harry took his revenge. She was all for a bit of revenge, but she was not one to lightly give such relief to the boy, a devilish smile etching itself across her face. "Is that how you want to play, eh?" Tonks grinned, Harry smiling back as the two lustily collided, each one trying to outmanoeuvre the other. Letting go of her hair, Harry slid his hands around underneath her, grasping her breasts and softly beginning to massage them, his hands going wild as he grasped her sumptuous tits. Finally getting his chance to squeeze her tits, Harry closed his eyes, savouring the large weight and the soft fullness of them. Unbeknownst to him, they were slowly shrinking, Tonks fully intending on robbing him of his desire. Slowly, but surely, she replaced her buxom and plump chest with flat chest that lacked any hint of breasts, Harry's hands clawing and pulling at flesh that wasn't there. Leaning back, he chuckled, slowing his thrusts back down as Tonks leaned behind herself, a smile on her face as she said, "Oh… sorry. Did you want to play with my tits? I know you like a plumper woman. I'll give you plump…" Before Harry knew what, she meant, he felt Tonks' arse tighten around his cock pinning him in place. Trying to slide his cock backwards, Harry couldn't move, his cock sandwiched in her arse hole, pinned in place by her tightness as the rest of her body began to morph. Sighing, Harry knew exactly what was coming as Tonks hips began to widen, her body filling out a little. Her arse became wider and plumper, almost baggy as she became a little squatter. Her breasts began to sag, slowly drooping down beneath her as her rich purple hair was replaced with a wild nest of wispy ginger hair and a promiscuous grin as Tonks' face switch into that of Mrs Weasley's. Grimacing slightly, Harry turned his head around, trying to avoid her gaze as Tonks did her best to imitate Molly's voice, "What's wrong Harry dear? Don't you want to fuck Ginny and Ron's mother? You can call me Mommy if you want. It makes my cock really hard when my children call me Mommy…" "Tonks… Can you not?" Harry pleaded as he felt Tonks start to move back and forth, fucking herself on his cock, Mrs Weasley's plump, round arse smacking against his crotch, making him incredibly uncomfortable. Mrs Weasley wasn't exactly an abhorrence upon the eye, more an acquired taste. Couple that with the fact that Mrs Weasley was the closest thing that Harry had ever had to a mother, and it was safe to say, Harry was left incredibly uncomfortable with Tonks' tight grip around his cock ensuring that he was entirely at her mercy. Plunging his cock in and out, she made sure to amplifying her grunts and moans, slamming her hips back eagerly. "Tonks? Tonks isn't here. Just Mommy Weasley!" Tonks purred, leaning backwards and pressing Harry's chest against her back, reaching around taking his hands in hers. Pulling them around in front of her, she planted them on her breast, holding Harry's hands in place as he began to gently massage them out of instinct before pulling them sharply away, Tonks breaking character and falling back onto her knees. Keeping his eyes, shut he ignored her, allowing her to slide herself back and forth along his cock, pleasing him and herself, but making him vastly uncomfortable. Grimacing slightly, he felt her ass begin to tighten, and her body begin to change again, her bum growing more lithe and thinner. Adjusting her position, she flipped onto her back, propping her head up on her elbow in her new body, a salacious smirk on her face and adopting a posher, more stricter tone, "Mister Potter… I want you to look at me as you fuck me. Don't make me shout, Mister Potter!" Scrunching up his face, Harry begrudgingly opened his eyes slightly, immediately snapping them shut as he laid eyes the body that Tonks had adopted. Nodding his head, he forced himself to open his eyes and look down at the thin and mature body of the Head of Gryffindor House. Much to his surprise, she wasn't nearly as old and decrepit as she appeared when laden with clothing. Her body was remarkably lean, her breasts small enough that they didn't even sag, instead holding perfectly on her body. Whilst, he wouldn't describe her body as that of an eighteen-year-old, the wrinkles and blemishes one would expect to be spread across her entire body were somewhat minimal. Of course, Harry would be entirely remiss to consider this a factually accurate representation of Professor Mcgonagall, considering that Tonks would hardly be intimate with her enough to know the intricacies of her nude form. Then again knowing Tonks, Harry couldn't exactly act surprised if that was the case. Breaking his thoughtful trance, Tonks through the stern and unmoving face of the Professor, "Detention, Mister Potter. Didn't anyone teach you never leer at a woman's breasts when she is lain so bare before you." "You told me to look at you…" Harry began catching himself as he instinctively played into Tonks' act, the woman having to bury a giggle as he stopped himself from descending to her level, having to reaffirm his position, "I'm not playing your game, Tonks…" "And ten points from Gryffindor! For talking back. And its Professor Mcgonagall to you, Mister Potter," Tonks smirked, reclining backwards and spreading her legs wider, her representation of Mcgonagall's cock being rather excessive, a long thin, fourteen-inch rod standing proud above her. Tonks had a thing for flaunting her ability to form an enormous shaft, but never actually follow through on using it. Throwing her hair back, she cried in her best Mcgonagall impression, "Now ravish me boy!" Tonks was living it up, relish the discomfort in Harry's eyes as he tentatively began to thrust his hips back and forth, sliding his cock into his transfiguration teacher's arse, Tonks moaning loudly and writhing against the floor as one hand reached down and jerked her cock off. If Harry was being entirely honest, he was kind of in to it. Trying to turn Tonks' game on it's head, Harry grabbed Mcgonagall's thighs and rammed his cock deep inside her, burying every inch inside her tight and clutching arse, causing Tonks to grunt, her act breaking for the briefest of moments. Moaning loudly, Harry began to ease his cock back and forth, slamming into her tight arse, hammering his hips home as he and Tonks descended into deep and pleasurable moans. A devilish smirk etched itself across Tonks' face as she conjured up her last change, knowing full well it would make Harry recoil in terror, his eyes rolled closed, Tonks' arse tightening around his cock as he realised she was changing again. Before he could open his eyes, Tonks moaned. "Blimey Harry, your cock is really, really big! Didn't know you swung this way, but boy am I lucky to have such a thick cock in my tight little arse," Tonks said, deepening her voice, Harry instantly knowing who she was trying to mimic. Not wanting to open his eyes, he scrunched his face up, Tonks cackling as she waited for him to look down at her. Opening his eyes, he let his gaze slide up the body beneath him. Tufts of orange hair grew above Tonks cock, a flat near muscular stomach stretching up to a flat, boyish chest, Tonks wearing a massive grin through Harry's best friend's face. Ron fucking Weasley. As soon as he saw it, Tonks shifted back to herself, laughing as he tried to shake that image from his head, "Sorry! That may have been a little too far! But your face!" "Tonks… Can't we just… fuck?" Harry asked, Tonks smiling widely as she bit her lip. Pulling his cock out of her arse, she clambered up to her knees and planted her lips on his mouth, pulling his body close and forcing his hands onto her tits, her sudden change in demeanour taking Harry by surprise as she slowly adjusted their position. Rolling Harry onto his back, Tonks straddled him, reaching swiftly down beneath her and finding his cock. Resting it against her asshole, she pushed it inside just enough to keep it in place before slamming her hips eagerly down, the pair sharing a deep passionate groan as their bodies collided. "You want a fuck? I'll give you a fuck," Tonks smiled, leaning forwards and giving him once last kiss before resting on the balls of her feet, supporting herself by planting her hands on Harry's chest, before quickly starting to bounce up and down on his cock, sliding each inch inside her, the woman finally dispelling with the creativity and simply starting to fuck him, her arse relaxing to her normal tightness, her breasts growing slightly larger and her cock thickening and growing to it's usual length, gently starting to slap against Harry's stomach as she picked up speed. Sliding her bum eagerly down onto his cock, she began to grunt loudly, her ass cheeks clapping together slightly as she bobbed up and down on his cock, moaning constantly as pleasure flooded her body, her prostate getting massaged roughly by Harry's sumptuously thick and long cock. Harry's hands found her hips, guiding her up and down as she plunged herself down onto his cock, savouring each inch as it slid deep inside her arse, stretching her with each long stroke. Tonks was so used to loosening and tightening her arse whenever she was having sex that it was strange and pleasurable change to simple relax and get fucked again. It reminded her that sometimes just a simple fuck was better than an eccentric and bizarre contortionist act. Letting Harry's hands take control, Tonks allowed him to pull her down, his hips sliding upwards, her ass slamming down to meet his thrust, the pair moaning as he slid deeper inside her, his balls slapping softly against her pert derriere. Letting her eyes roll closed, Tonks inadvertently began to let her hair change colour. She found when she was plunged into immense pleasure, the simplicities of her appearance began to shift, her hairs dancing back and forth between different colours as his cock slid in and out of her. Sitting bolt upright, Harry's lips found Tonks' breasts, the boy finally satisfying the craving deep inside him that was hungering after her soft breasts. Kissing the plump handfuls, he found her nipple, taking it into his mouth and suckling on the sensitive nub, gently biting and rolling it back and forth between his teeth and tongue, causing Tonks to gasp audibly as their sensual fucking slowed down, the two grinding against one another, her cock sandwiched between both their bellies, each simplistic movement milking pleasure from her shaft. Grinding her bum downwards and against his cock, she massaged her prostate, moans dribbling from her mouth as Harry switched to her opposite breasts, playing and teasing her nipple as his hands reached around and pawed at her arse. Plucking his lips away from her breasts, Harry leant up towards her lips, capturing her mouth with his own, moaning as his cock came closer and closer to erupting. Resuming her soft and gentle bouncing, Tonks felt another orgasm brimming inside her, her cock twitching as she returned the kiss, passionately enveloping Harry's mouth as they came closer and closer to cumming. Sliding her bum upwards, she eased back down, a simple and subtle movement tipping them both over the edge as her second orgasm spewed out across their stomachs. It was a smaller one compared to her last one considering Harry's arse milked her dry, but it was sizable enough to make her stop. Not to mention that Harry's cock fired off like a cannon spurting several long strands of cum deep into her arse, the pair moaning in tandem as they road their orgasms down, kissing one last time before Tonks grinned and announced, "I win." Lifting herself off of Harry, she smacked her cock against his face playfully before starting to dress herself. And Harry would be hard pressed to admit that she hadn't won. Their constant back and forth teasing one another was obviously brought to an end by her and if they were measuring who managed to tease and taunt the other the most she would definitely win. Yet Harry still had one trick up his sleeve and as she dressed herself and wiped herself clean, Harry smiled and with a confident, boisterous grin, smirked, "You win… Nymphadora…" Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. It's been a long time coming, but I thoroughly enjoyed it. Normally when I write one of these chapters it takes me a few days to write it, but I enjoyed this one so much that I only took me an evening. Couldn't pull myself away from it in the end. Tonks is such a fun character! I figured that considering how it's a one-shot, I didn't want to do the standard, Harry discovers that she has a cock and then they have passionate first-time sex. I wanted to make it a bit more fun and look at two friends that were mid relationship having some fun together. And I thought it was more conducive to Tonks using her abilities for kinky experiences! Let me know if I got it right or not! As I mentioned in the footnote for the Yule Ball chapter, I will be taking some time away from this and will be returning in the new year to finish Harry's fourth year sexcapade. But there is plenty for you to enjoy in the meantime, considering the Yule Ball is plenty big! Enjoy the holidays and here is to a brand-new year of high quality smutty goodness! Till next time!
Author's Note: Figured I'd treat you all after being gone for so long. And whilst I didn't feel up for writing another main chapter, I figured I'd have a little fun and write a pairing I've wanted to write for a long time. And well… everyone has been asking for them for a long time. I've decided to do a little role-reversal and switch the usual positions that this pairing is featured in. Primarily because they will feature in the main story and I don't want to be writing stuff that will eventually be written into the main story. Also, this is not the final one-shot as I previously said. This is an additional one. So, keep sending your ideas in. This is just a little additional thing. Rolling out the red carpet for my triumphant return, so to speak. Hope you all enjoy. Probably won't be as long as usual, but then again. With my track record, it'll probably be the length equivalent to that of half a dozen bibles. Enjoy! Also, having just finished the chapter, it turned out a little rougher than expected. Though, it's not as bad as the Pansy/Ginny one. This one turned out in a more… rivalry-ish. Either way, there is your warning of sorts. I still think that It's pretty tame! One-Shot: Little Bella "Bellatrix Lestrange. Daughter of Cygnus Black III and Druella Black, Husband to Rodolphus Lestrange. Pureblood witch and active pureblood supremacist, supporter of the former Dark Lord Voldemort, now tragically deceased. Fought at the Battle of Hogwarts and was triumphantly defeated by a lowly mudblood whom the high and mighty Bellatrix Lestrange would have rather seen grovelling in the dirt than wielding a wand. Just goes to show really… Even the Death Eaters biggest whore can be wrong about somethings," a voice taunted as Bellatrix slowly stirred from her slumber, her head aching and her body tight. She couldn't see, her face covered by a hessian sack, but she could feel the cool wind on her skin, her body being entirely naked and exposed to the elements. Trying to move her hands, she found them bound in place. She was suspended on what appeared to be a wooden cross, her arms and legs tied to the extreme points of the structure. Bellatrix Lestrange, restrained and at the mercy of an unknown attacker. And one that was unbearably smug about it, "Hmm… I expect more than a simply stunning jinx to topple the Dark Lord's personal bitch." "Say that to my face… I'd gut you like the mudblood traitor you are!" Bellatrix snapped, unable to discern the voice, but trusting that it was the mudblood who had defeated her at the battle, "Do you like kidnapping women and stripping them? You fucking mudbloods are always perverts." "If I took the bag off, I think you might explode in embarrassment. Are you sure you want to see just who vanquished you?" the voice smirked. Bellatrix felt a hand curving along her thigh, gently running over her body. The cold touch forced her to stifle a shiver. Gritting her teeth, the black-haired witch felt the mysterious hand curve beneath her soft supple breasts, gently tracing a finger along the base of her tit. Gently circling her nipple, the hand moved upwards, grabbing the sack on top of Bella's head and sharply removing it. "You… You mudblood bitch… You let me go, or I swear…" Bellatrix screeched as she saw the face of her captor. It was Hermione Granger. She grinned at the restrained woman as she fought the restraints, her body shaking and spasming as she fought to pull herself down from the wall against which she was tied. Hermione only laughed, watching happily as the woman roared in anger. "Or what? You'll summon up your dead boyfriend? You lost bitch. And now… well now, I reap the spoils of war. So, you had best… best start showing some respect," Hermione smiled, crossing over to small table and reaching for her wand. She was equally naked. Her body exposed to the cool air of the room. She had taken Bellatrix back to the Malfoy Manor, the house being abandoned as the family tried to escape authorities. Her young and pliable body strode across the room, her breasts gently bounce and her arse jiggling perfectly with each stride. And between her legs, sat her thick and throbbing cock, hard and rigid and the mere sight of having Bellatrix Lestrange naked and at her mercy. She wasn't the most attractive, but the sheer eroticism of having captured and under her foot was incredibly arousing. And she had a surprisingly lithe and supple body, full of delicious curves. "Oh, you bitch… Fuck you and you muggle fucking family. You and your friends are fucking blood traitors. Cavorting around with a filthy mudblood like…" Bellatrix began, her sentence getting cut short almost immediately. As soon as the word mudblood left her lips, Hermione lifted her wand upwards, silently casting a small spell which caused Bella to grunt in pain. She felt something move between her pert and shapely bum cheeks, a thick and throbbing head worming its way against her rear entrance. Before she could even breath, she felt it push upwards, the bulbous head slipping into her ass. It stopped after an inch, stretching her hole and giving the woman a moment's pause. Seething, she ignored the sharp pain of the sharp entrance and turned to snap at her, "What the fuck is that, you mudblood traitor!" As soon as the word mudblood left her lips, Hermione lifted her wand once more, another inch of the mysterious object pushing into Bellatrix's ass. It caught her off guard as she sat there, impaled on the end of a long dildo. Groaning softly, she glanced down between her legs, but couldn't see what was thrust inside her ass. Luckily, she wasn't inexperienced back there, with her ass having a little bit of give. However, it was a sharp surprise having it suddenly lunge inside her. "That… Bella… Is… It's reinforcement. You've picked up some… bad habits and, with the help of my beloved twenty-four-inch dildo, I'm going to try and alleviate some of your foul beliefs," Hermione smiled, walking slowly towards Bellatrix, trailing her wand across the witch's exposed stomach. Hermione's hot breath crawled along Bellatrix's thigh, drifting towards her softened cock, forcing a twitch from the black-haired woman. Leaning forwards, Hermione planted a kiss on Bellatrix's stomach, silently revelling in how she recoiled groaning in displeasure as her lips moved across her belly. Her tongue traced circles on her pale and creamy flesh, the brunette's eyes latching onto Bella's savouring the discomfort in her body, "Every time you say the word 'mudblood' or 'blood-traitor' or any other variant on racial slander, one more inch of my dildo is going to push up into your ass. If you fail to address me properly and fail to call me Mistress… or… I don't know… Mommy… another inch will slip inside your tight little hole. It doesn't matter if your body physically can't take it. That inch will be going inside you. So, feel free to use the words as much as you want, but remember… I don't think even Voldemort's personal fuck-toy can handle twenty-four inches. Then again… I desperately want to see you try… Is that understood?" "Yes…" Bellatrix choked out, fighting the urge to snap as Hermione's tongue lapped across her skin, her lips trailing soft kisses across her flesh, biting and softly nibbling at her belly. Hermione was elated. Forcing Bellatrix Lestrange to bend to her whim and call her Mommy was something set her cock twitching. It wasn't even that Hermione had an incestual fantasy, but simply the fact that it was incredibly hard for Bellatrix to choke the words out and submit in that primal way. Lifting her wand, Hermione guided a third inch sharply inside Bellatrix's ass, the older witch grunted before gritting her teeth and correcting herself, "Yes… Mommy…" "Mmm… Good girl. Good little Bella… We're going to have so much fun… Would you like that?" Hermione purred, sliding her hand around and behind Bellatrix, cupping her plump little arse, peeling her cheeks apart and allowing the dildo to settle inside of her. Nodding, Bellatrix avoided looking at Hermione as the young girl grinned hungrily up at her. Dragging her wand down to Bellatrix's cock, she gently lifted her limp and unaroused shaft, sighing disappointedly, "Oh… Am I not pretty enough? Little Bella? I'm not pretty enough?" "You are… Mommy… It's just… Fucking…. Mudblood," Bellatrix snapped grunting as another inch plunged into her ass, spearing her on the tip of the cock. She could just feel the tip massaging and resting against her prostate, forcing a bead of pre-cum to coat her limp tip. "Oh… Can little Bella not get it up? Oh sweetie… It happens to everyone," Hermione teased, gently squeezing Bellatrix's cheeks like she was a child, the older woman blushing heavily as she closed her eyes. She felt Hermione's hands slide lower, snaking beneath Bellatrix's cock and collecting her softened shaft and balls. Gently squeezing them, Hermione planted soft kisses down the middle of Bellatrix's chest, sliding her lips left and right, softly teasing the woman's breasts as she came to her belly button. Flicking her tongue back and forth, Hermione moved further down, finally coming face to face with the woman's cock, her hot breath gliding along her small and limp cock, the woman still unable to harden, or rather, still unwilling to harden, "Let Mommy take good care of you little bitty Bella…" "Don't… don't you dare you mu…." Bellatrix began, not being able to finish her sentence before the dildo slipped another inch inside of her. Staring forwards, she ignored the salacious grin on Hermione's face and tried desperately to not let herself grow harder. However, that soon became an impossibility as Hermione collected her small softened cock in her hand. Slowly, she peeled back her pale foreskin, Hermione making sure to make this as torturously slow and pleasurable as possible, relishing every uncomfortable spasm from Bellatrix. Leaning in, she gently flicked her tongue across Bella's purplish head, watching as a small bead of pre-cum rolled down her tip. "Don't worry… Mommy's gonna make you nice and hard," Hermione teased, pushing her lips against Bellatrix's tip and slowly rolling them down and over her softened tip. Drawing sharply inwards, Bella threw her head back against the wall, gritting her teeth as Hermione slowly, but sensually eased her lips down and along her cock, her softened shaft twitching in response to the tingling pleasure that was bubbling through her length. Easing her lips down to Bella's base, Hermione swirled her tongue around her limp shaft, flicking it back and forth, feeling the soft shaft throb lifelessly in her mouth. Sliding her tongue back and forth, she hollowed her cheeks, her hands gently squeezing Bellatrix's balls as the witch begrudgingly began to harden. It happened slowly, but even Bella couldn't deny the sweet pleasure of Hermione's warm, wet, slippery mouth. Moaning and humming gently around Bellatrix's cock, Hermione felt her begin to grow rigid, her cock slowly inflating in her mouth. Dragging her lips slowly and delicately along her cock, she felt herself gently bobbing up and down, Bella's cock growing slightly longer and slightly harder with each deep and impassioned bob. Inch after inch pushed into her throat, her tongue curling and swirling back and forth, slowly being forced against the base of her mouth as Bella grew bigger and bigger. She was most definitely a grower and not a shower. Her three-inch soft cock had almost tripled in size, inching longer and longer as Hermione lovingly deepthroated her growing length. Each inch was coated to a glossy shimmer, pre-cum oozing into her throat, with the young mudblood eagerly swallowing each drop, humming greedily as it hit her tongue, making sure that each of her sounds were loud enough for Bella to hear. Hermione could almost hear Bellatrix's teeth grinding as her mouth glided up and down, slurping hungrily on the deliciously hard cock. Eleven inches was Bella's hard size. Plenty big for Hermione, though she wouldn't be utilizing the woman's cock. She wanted it hard and slippery so that she could tease her, her hands gently jerking her off. She wanted to milk Bella's first orgasm from her cock with only her hands, collecting the cum and forcing it into the black-haired witch's mouth. The thought made Hermione moan, her own cock throbbing between her legs. Plunging her throat up and down Bella's length, she let her hand guide her lips, jerking the woman off as she deepthroated her sizable length. A part of her wanted to ease more of the dildo into Bella's arse, making her scream and squeal for her. But she'd have her time to make Bella squirm. There was plenty time to make sure that every single hole the death eater had was well trained and could handle a cock. Although, from what Hermione had heard, she was plenty trained already. Plucking her lips from Bella's cock, Hermione glanced up at the black-haired witch, grinning as she looked at her red face and clenched teeth. Her eyes were closed tightly, and she pulled at her wrist restraints, trying desperately to ignore the pleasure building in her core. Biting her lip, Hermione slid up and onto her feet, moving closer to the wall against which she was restrained. Keeping a hold of Bella's slippery cock, Hermione guided her own shaft towards Bella's. Pressing the two thick and throbbing lengths together, Hermione heard the woman breathing angrily, seething behind her eyes. Wrapping her hands around both their cocks, Hermione gently began to thrust back and forth, using the friction of her own cock and her hand to milk more pre-cum from Bella's cock, the older woman's breath becoming ragged as she fought the urge to spit at the young girl. "Mmm… Do like that? You like mommy's cock grinding against yours? Did you like my blowjob? Mommy just wants to make you happy," Hermione purred leaning in close and letting lips press against Bellatrix's neck, her tongue flicking back and forth across her skin. Bellatrix visibly recoiled every time Hermione referred to herself as 'mommy', the perverse and inaccurate nickname doing just as the mudblood wanted. Softly kissing Bella's skin, Hermione kept her perverse and intricate handjob nice and sensual, making sure each and every inch of her own cock was grinding up against Bella's, Hermione bulbous tip constantly pushing and prodding Bella's hairy, untamed crotch, "You know Little Bella… Mommy's been hearing some nasty stories about you. People calling you a slut. You know I've heard that the Dark Lord used you as his personal fuck-toy… That he'd bend you over and use your pretty little ass as a rutting post. That can't be true, can it? I can't help but wonder… No, it's too naughty… I mean, a girl has her… curiosities, and well… I'd have to be inhuman to not wonder… what the Dark Lord was like… you know? Down below? Do you want to tell Mommy about it? Well, it's not a question. Either you tell me, or five inches go up your plump, fat arse…" "Fuck you… Oh, fuck you mudblood, fucking mudblood!" Bellatrix screeched, her mind clouded and hazy with the annoying bursts of pleasure that she forgot about Hermione's rules. Quickly reminded, Bella felt her ass open even more, another two inches lunging deep inside her, stretching her wider and wider. Seven inches settled nicely inside her, Bella slowly adjusted to the increased length, having been far more accustomed to both thicker and longer cocks. Not that she'd let Hermione know that. Breathing deeply, Bellatrix turned and looked down at Hermione, glaring at the young girl, "The Dark Lord was a far better lover than you mudblood. He might not have been all lovey-dovey, but he knew how to fuck a lady good and proper. Not like that limp dick bastard you hang around with. He'd make you weep with how perfect his cock was…" "Really? Did he have a nicer cock than mommy? You wouldn't want to hurt mommy's feelings now, would you? Because, mommy just might slip and who knows how much of mommy's special dildo would get stuck up inside you. I don't want to hurt you, but… accidents happen…" Hermione threatened, trailing her lips lower and down to Bellatrix's plump, rounded breasts. Gritting her teeth once more, Bella ignored Hermione, keeping silent. Biting down sharply on Bellatrix's nipple, Hermione lifted her wand, slowly easing more and more of the thick dildo into Bellatrix's arse, plunging several inches in at once and grinding Bellatrix's prostate to dust. Yelping loudly, Bellatrix quickly stammered. "Fucking stop! No, he doesn't! No one has a better cock than you!" Bellatrix screeched as Hermione ground to a halt, keeping the substantial length lodged inside Bella's rear. Ten inches were now forced into her ass, the dildo pushing, begging to be lodged half way inside. Breathing heavily, Bella kept her gaze away from Hermione, ignoring the mudblood as she gently massaged her bitten nipple, tweaking and massaging it until it was no longer red raw. "Good, Little Bella. Always a dutifully little girl. Even before mommy found you. You know, there are stories about you and just how loyal you were. There are stories that the Dark Lord would bend you over at meetings, forcing everyone to watch as he fucked your slutty little ass, your tits swinging like a pendulum. And… He'd keep you under the table. And all anyone had to do was knock three times on the surface and you'd crawl on your knees, like the dog you were, and you'd slaver over their cocks. Jerking… Sucking… fucking… until they pumped you full of thick, creamy, cum…" Hermione purred, lifting her lips up to Bella's sharp jawline and softly kissing her cheek. Her tongue curved along Bella's cheekbones, her hips continuing to thrust back and forth, grinding their two cocks against one another, Bella's length twitching towards an orgasm, "And do you know what the best part is? That you loved it. Each cock that was jammed down your pretty little whore mouth, you gagged and spluttered around it, begging to be throat-fucked. You wanted each of those cocks inside you, you wanted their cum dribbling down your chin. You waited every day for the men to fling you on the table, spread you legs and use your ass like it was meant to be. I can feel your cock twitching now, twitching at the prospect. The prospect of being degraded. Made to be the whore you really were inside. Cause, you wanted us to fear you, to think you were mad, to think you were crazy… But really, you were just an up-jumped slut, gagging for the next cock. The next load of thick creamy cum to be painted on your face." Bella fought the urge to snap back, ignoring the pulsating urge burning in her cock. Every word the Hermione purred into her ear made her cock throb even more. Hermione's lips danced over Bella's cheek, their breasts softly mashing together as Hermione's hands tightened their grasp around the pair of their cocks, tightening the wet sandwich that enveloped both their shafts. Moaning gently into Bellatrix's ear, Hermione could feel the woman's heart pounding through her chest, bursting at the thought of being reduced to a slavering cock slut. Hermione was just trying to tease and coax a reaction from the woman and didn't expect her true nature to be that of cock whore. "I'll bet they had a field-day with you in Azkaban. How many men and women forced you up against the wall? Fifty? A hundred? Probably thousands. Then again, I bet they didn't have to try hard. The dementors probably had you begging to be fucked. Mmm… How about those lonely nights? Wishing that the order would kidnap you? Strap you up to a wall, like this, and let everyone go mad. It's a wonder your arse isn't as loose as a canyon. Mmm…" Hermione purred, her lips trailing closer to Bella's mouth, teasing with the idea of making out with the begrudging witch. Smiling devilishly, she sped up her thrusts, feeling Bella's cock twitching with arousal, "How happy are you now, to be trapped and waiting to be used? Sold like a street-corner slut. I could make money with your filthy arse. Would you like that? Being rented out? Do you like being mommy's bitch? Do you like it? Tell me how much you fucking love being Mommy Mudblood's fucking bitch? What are you?" "I'm Mommy Mudblood's fucking bitch! I'm your bitch!" Bellatrix exclaimed, her voice not her own as her cock twitched and spasmed through an orgasm. Hermione grinned hungrily as cum splashed down her thigh, Bella's cock exploding in her hand. Dropping her own cock, Hermione focussed on Bella, jerking her swiftly and steadily off, making sure each drop of cum was extracted from her heavy balls. Hermione also lunged at Bella's lips, passionately kissing the woman, her tongue forcing its way inside the black hair witch's mouth and plunging down her throat. Bellatrix complied for a moment but pulled away as soon as she realised her outburst. Her cock swiftly softened in Hermione's hand and soon, the bushy-haired girl was mashing her lips erratically against Bella's, savouring and enacting her own personal fantasy of domination. "Now, now little Bella… Language. I won't have that. That… that deserves a punishment…" Hermione breathed into her ear, her own heart racing a little. Pulling away from Bellatrix, Hermione strode over to her chair and slid down into it, her cock flopping down against her thigh. Lifting her wand, she gently guided her mammoth dildo out of Bella's arse, gently resting it down on a nearby table. Grunting as the last inch left her ass, her hole tightening and flexing once more, Bellatrix began to feel the ropes around her limbs loosen. Staggering down from the wall, she looked over at Hermione, her immediate thoughts being that of escape. However, the mudblood still had her wanted pointed at her. Calmly and collectedly, Hermione ordered her, "Onto your knees, and crawl over to mommy. We can't have foul language like that, can we little Bella? You deserve a good, hard, spank…" Frozen In place, Bellatrix didn't know what to do. The urge to sprint for the door was immense, but she knew that the mudblood bitch would be quick on the draw. She'd be stunned and submitted to merlin knows what. Breathing heavily, Bella slowly slid down onto her knees, gritting her teeth as the young witch smiled. Crumpling onto all fours, she began to crawl slowly along the floor, edging towards Hermione. As she neared the young girl's feet, she was met with an expectant look, the bushy-haired girl playfully tapping her thighs as if to suggest that Bella should lay herself across. Sighing, she did just that, laying her belly across Hermione's knee, her ass presented perfectly to her, gently jiggling as she did so. "Good little Bella. It's important that you get punished when you do something naughty. And naughty little sluts like you need to be trained good and proper. A good spank will set you right," Hermione smiled, dragging her hand up and towards Bella's bum, gently massaging her plump and full flesh. Bella's breathing quickened as Hermione pawed at her body, playing and ogling her nudity. And then, Hermione lifted her hand and brought it sharply down upon Bellatrix's ass, her flesh shaking and jiggling in response to the firm and powerful strike. Bella's lips parted to gasp, but she stopped herself, silencing her response and enduring the sharp, burning sting that was rising in her flesh, "Because you've been a naughty little Bella. And you deserve it, don't you…" Again, she struck Bella's ass, watching her hand print burn into the woman's pale and creamy flesh. Hermione's cock leaked pre-cum across Bellatrix's stomach as each firm spank caused her to twitch, her fantasies becoming a very real reality. She even felt Bella's softened length shake, quivering with new life as her cock twitched and hardened. Again, and again, she lifted her hand and firmly spanked the older woman, rendering her ass a rich red, her sin on the verge of blistering from her firm and solid strikes. Forcing herself to keep silent, Bellatrix blushed as her cock hardened, the arousal being completely out of her control. What Hermione had taunted and teased her with was completely untrue. She was one of the most feared Death Eaters within and without the group. She was never bent over and made to be a sex slave for them. But, she'd be lying if she said, that in the darkest and loneliest nights, she hadn't given the thought of being reduced to a gagging cock-slut a ponder. She relished inflicting that torture on others, kind of because she enjoyed imagining the role-reversal. And now that that had become a reality, her body was reacting instinctively. "Now… Little Bella… Since Mommy took such good care of you, it would only be good manners for you to do the same. And whilst Mommy loves a good blowjob, I think your tongue can be put to better use," Hermione smirked, easing Bellatrix down onto the ground. Opening her mouth to snap an insult, Bella was silenced as Hermione lifted her wand threateningly. Breathing heavily, Bella clenched her fists, watching as Hermione slid up and out of the chair, turning around and leaning over, pushing her round, athletic bum towards Bellatrix's face. Keeping a firm grip on her wand, Hermione made sure that Bella could see it before she gave her next order, "Now be a good little girl and get that little tongue of yours up Mommy's ass and give her a good lick… Or… Well, we'll just put all of mommy's special dildo into your ass and see what happens then… go, on… Lick my ass, Bella…" Biting her lip, Bella felt herself grow hotter in the cheeks. She didn't want to offer Hermione the satisfaction of her resistance. Then again, she didn't want to offer Hermione any form of satisfaction at all. She needed to get that wand. And the only way that was going to happen, was if she complied. Forcing herself to consider it a tactical move, Bellatrix lifted her two hands and placed them firmly on Hermione's bum, her fingers grasping the soft and pliable flesh. Watching the young witch grin, Bella forced herself to peel the girl's ass cheeks apart, revealing her tight, puckered little hole. She had expected it to be agape. That would have been a more fitting impression for the young Gryffindor Slut. Breathing deeply, Bella leant In, extending her tongue ever so slightly and flicking the tip gently across Hermione's hole, hearing her soft moan in response. Suddenly, Bella felt a rope lunge itself around her neck, winding its way around Hermione's thighs before sharply tightening. The rope forced Bella's face firmly between Hermione's ass cheeks, her tongue inadvertently plunging deep inside the young girl's rear, her hole twitching and spasming in response to the sharp burst of pleasure. Pushing instinctively against Hermione's cheeks, Bella realised it was futile, allowing the rope to hold her in place, her tongue wriggling deeper into Hermione's rear. Finding her prostate, she curled her tongue around it, flicking and playing with it, hearing the moans of Hermione become louder and louder. Twisting her tongue, she flicked it up and down, stretching Hermione's surprisingly loose hole, lubricating it with liberal amounts of saliva, her nose pressed firmly into Hermione's bum cheeks. Glancing up towards Hermione's face, Bella saw her eyes rolling closed, her grip on the wand still tight. Swallowing, Bellatrix slipped her hands down to Hermione's thighs, wrapping her arms around her body and pulling her backwards onto her tongue, feigning an eager lust. Gliding between her legs, her hand wrapped itself around Hermione's cock, slowly and clumsily stroking her off. The angle was difficult, but Bella made up for it with her hungry tongue writhing around inside her rear. Her other hand lingered on Hermione's balls, gently squeezing and playing with the slippery handful, softly squeezing and massaging them. She was tempted to sharply punch them but figured that would be too risky. Plunging her tongue as deep as possible, Bellatrix dropped her hand from Hermione's balls, collecting a few beads of pre-cum before trailing a soft and delicate massage along the young witch's belly. Drops of pre-cum dribbled along her skin as Bella was forced to reach further forwards, pushing her tongue deeper into Hermione's ass as a response. The girl's wand was held loosely in her fingers, her breasts, gently swaying back and forth, hiding it. Tweaking Hermione's nipple, Bella waited for her moment, focussing on the most sensitive parts of Hermione's body, hoping to cloud her senses long enough for her to grab the wand. Lunging forwards, Bella failed, her fingers falling short and her plan revealed. Flipping Bellatrix onto her back, Hermione crashed to the floor, using her wand to unfasten the rope that was connecting the two of them. A few quick swishes later and Bella's hands were pulled out to her sides, forcing her to lay spread eagle. With her ass still firmly on Bellatrix's face, Hermione bounced up and down, angrily smashing the older witch's face with ass. Turning and straddling her chest, Hermione took her cock in her hand, sliding and slapping it across Bella's face as she spat insult after insult. Returning the favour, Hermione seethed, angry at the woman, "You fucking bitch! I told… you… to… eat… my… ass… You're such a dumb slut that you couldn't even do that right! No wonder Voldemort grew tired of your skinny arse!" "How dare you speak the Dark Lord's name, you filthy Mudblood whore! I wouldn't want to touch your skanky ass even if you had been washed down for weeks. If you slap me one more time with that filthy Mudblood cock of yours, I'll bite if off!" Bellatrix snapped, causing Hermione to pause. Furious, Hermione stood up and lifted her wand, wrapping two ropes around each of Bella's ankles and pulling her legs up and over her head, forcing them behind her neck and perfectly presenting her gaping arsehole. "Fine… I'll have to settle for a hole that can't argue… Now shut up and take mommy's cock like a good little slut. And maybe, just maybe, I'll feed you more than just my cum today, bitch!" Hermione snapped, lifting her hands and roughly spanking each of Bellatrix's thighs, her hands hitting the woman's flesh harder than her previous smacks. Unable to not squeal, Bellatrix seethed, her lips parting to furiously berate the Mudblood. She felt Hermione's cock against her asshole, her puckered hole offering no resistance. Rubbing her head back and forth across her asshole, Hermione grinned with a hungry passion. "You stick that inside me and I will… fuck…" Bella groaned, her words cut short by Hermione sinking forwards and slamming her entire length deep into the woman's used and trained ass. Sliding balls deep inside her, Hermione pushed her legs further back, allowing her full and unrestricted access to the woman's hole, her clutching ass begging for a good hard fuck. Hermione was more than happy to comply. "You'll what? Moan like a fucking whore? I'll bet you will. You are a cock hungry little slut, who's too afraid to admit that she loves being my little pet. Those moans when you call me mommy? Those twitches your cock gave when it was buried down my throat? Those soft and subtle whimpers as I told you just what you are? Those were signs of submission. You act all high and mighty, but your dream life Is being left in front of a seedy tavern, with your legs spread and hands tied. All you want is more cum," Hermione mocked, starting out slowly, roughly sliding herself back and forth, savouring the bitter groans of annoyance that came from Bellatrix's mouth. Gritting her teeth, she ignored how much Hermione was relishing her tight ass, and instead tried to free her hands. "What about you, Mudblood? I've heard the stories about you. Late night gangbangs with muggles and blood traitors. If I'm a slut, then you are something else… Gagging on Weasley and Potter's cocks. I'm surprised they let you out for the evening!" Bellatrix shrieked in response, receiving another slap to her thighs and an increase in pace, with Hermione's cock rattling in and out of her, her balls smacking louder with each hard thrust. It almost began to hurt the young witch, having her sensitive balls sharply hitting Bella's flesh, but she choked through the pain, relishing it as Bella threw her head back, gritting her teeth as painful pleasure clashed in her body. "Shit? Did your cock just twitch as you mentioned Harry? My, my… The Dark Lord's bitch has her secrets. All those evenings slobbering over his cock, when, really, you wished it was his arch nemesis taking control of your eager little throat. Not that Harry would ever sully himself with a filthy set holes like you," Hermione grinned, lifting her hand and slapping Bella's face, grinning as Bellatrix tried to spit at her. Pulling back, Hermione adjusted her position, allowing herself to push her cock deeper into the older witch's ass. Watching her ring pucker and flex around her slamming cock, Hermione became enthralled, almost ignoring Bella's retort. "You seem awfully fascinated in the Dark Lord and his cock. You'd be so lucky as to see it. He didn't keep Mudblood sex slaves. That redheaded Weasley bitch would have been his prize, but you? He wouldn't even see your worthless handed out to the Death Eater. Maybe he'd hand you of to the trolls. With an ass like yours, you might actually feel something with them," Bellatrix snarled through gritted teeth, her cock flopping against her stomach, pre-cum drooling out and across her creamy skin. Another, thinner, orgasm was bubbling in her balls, readying to burst free at any moment. The constant rough barrage of hammering cock against her prostate was doing wonders for her own satisfaction, despite it being wholly repugnant upon a moral basis. "Ha! You want to talk about loose? I feel like I'm shagging the ocean back here. You must have had a few giants back here yourself. Probably taking them a few at a time. With a schedule like yours, you can't afford to take your time. It's blow and go with a fuck-slut like you," Hermione grinned, sweat starting to cover both their bodies as Hermione came closer and closer to her orgasm. It was strange. The back and forth between the two of them was causing her cock to twitch. It was like they were fighting for dominance. It would have been one thing to roughly pound a subservient and willing ass, but having one that would, given her freedom, turn the tables and inflict the same punishment on her was quite special. She didn't feel as bad. It was almost like a tug of war between the two dominant ladies. One that, silently, they both revelled in. "It's making you moan, bitch. So, don't tell me you don't love it," Bella sneered, being unable to stifle her own moans. Grunting as her breasts bounced back and forth, she started to savour the way Hermione's cock pushed over her prostate, flattening the button of pleasure and grinding it to a pulp. "Speak for yourself. You sound like you're having the time of your life. Either way, it's feeding time bitch. And momma's got a big load for you," Hermione moaned, pulling her cock out of Bella at the last moment before staggering over to her face. Clenching her lips shut, Bella closed her eyes, waiting, annoyedly, for Hermione to spurt her load out. It took a few seconds, but eventually she felt strand after strand of thick, creamy cum land on her face, streaking across her skin and turning her a sticky mess. She felt a bead roll down her lips, begging to be let into her mouth. Not daring to open her lips and taste the Mudblood's seed, Bella tentatively opened her eyes and looked over at Hermione, who had cleaned her cock off and pulled a bathrobe on. "It's been fun sweetie, but Mommy's had work to do. Now eat up, and I'll be back later to give you another fucking. Momma knows you love it. Bye, bye," Hermione smiled, putting on a sweet and doting voice as Bella looked at her with furious eyes. The bushy-haired girl could see the inner conflict inside her. Bellatrix wanted to screech profanity towards the young girl but didn't dare taste a single drop of the cum that was on her face. Furious, she clumsily extended her middle-finger, Hermione grinning in response. Walking to the door, she left, calling out once more, much to Bella's fury, "You know you love it!" Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. It is the most requested pairing I get, but I'm always tentative to write it into the story. It would require some acrobatics to get Bella and Hermione together in the actual story. At least at this point. Bellatrix will be in the sequel and quite heavily. Which is why I don't want to write too much of her, because that limits options. However, this set of roles won't feature in the main story, at least not like this. So, it's perfect for a one-shot. As I said before, this isn't the final one-shot I promised. This is something to apologise for my inactivity. So, give me suggestions for what you'd like to see. I'm liking the idea of Time-Turner stuff. And some of the pairings you guys are suggestion are interesting. Although, I'm trying to steer away from pairings that will be in the story, so who knows. In two weeks' time, I'll move this chapter up the index list of chapters to be with the other one-shots. So, it'll still be here just in a different place! Anyways, I'm back! Hope you enjoyed my return. And I will see you next week. And, if you aren't following me on Tumblr already, please do. Would love to have you over there. And if you don't have Tumblr, you are missing out on some of my best work! Get on it! Till next time…
Author's Note: Merry Christmas! It is that time of year again, when we look back and reflect on all the smutty goodness that we have revelled in over the year. Over twenty smutty shemale chapters in one year! I know doesn't sound like much, but we've practically managed to double the number of chapters so that's something. And we are very close to actually finishing this story and moving onto the sequel and all the smutty goodness that lays in there. So, whether you are in need of a Christmas day fap or a Boxing Day wank, I've got plenty of smutty material for you to gorge on. I had intended to do some kind of past, present and future gimmick with the one-shots this year but decided that was exceptionally boring and have gone for kinky and exceptionally kinky. Just two, however, they are going to be massive. Yule Ball twice over! These one-shots exist out with the normal canon of the story but borrow certain aspects. And expect things to get weird. These chapter are surrounding Bellatrix and Luna…. I've decided that what the series needs are more displays of sexual excess that wouldn't fit into a somewhat grounded story where people blush when they learn that witches have cocks. Let's just say, for the majority of these Christmas chapters, people will need a lot more if they expect to be blushing. With that said, enjoy the ludicrous lusciousness of 'Christmas With Madame Lestrange' set in a world where neither the Dark Lord or Harry Potter wins. Instead, Bellatrix Lestrange does. Also, it goes without saying, this will be a pretty rough bondage-type chapter. If that's not your thing, there is the other chapter for you to read that will cater to your tastes. Or go and revisit some old favourites before we hit the new year and hit it hard. Enjoy! P.S. Halfway through writing this and I have something else to add. I'm essentially using this chapter as a way to test-run certain kinks and sex-acts for the main story. Don't be put off by that. There is a lot of stuff in this chapter, so if you arrive at something you don't like, skip a couple paragraphs and you'll find something you do. Plenty for everyone. It is, after all, longer than the Yule Ball. But, I would very much appreciate knowing what people like and dislike especially in terms of content. This is one of the chapters, where reviews are quite appreciated as they will help shape the way that things play out in the main story. In other words, if you really like something in this chapter, let me know, and I'll know not to hold back on that kinky aspect of my personal fantasies. I'm very well aware that I like a lot of stuff others won't, but well… hey ho. Let me know your thoughts! One-Shot: Christmas With Madame Lestrange A faint glimmer of sunshine flooded through the thin crack in Bellatrix's curtains, casting a soft flicker of light across her eyes. Forced from her slumber, Bellatrix groaned annoyedly, only to curb her disappointment and replace it was a grin. It was Christmas after all, and there are certain that even Bellatrix couldn't be miserable on. Throwing back the covers of her bed, she rolled out and staggered onto her feet, crossing the room naked and into her small bathroom. Glancing in the mirror, she wiped the sleep from her eyes and naturally began to grope and admire herself, slowly drawing a lecherous grin on her face. Her cock had hardened nicely between her legs and whilst she would normally chock that up to morning wood, today she had express purpose to aroused. Gently stroking herself off, she leant back against the nearby wall, closing her eyes and biting her lip. Today was the day that her fantasies would come true; the day in which her long-anticipated dreams would become a reality. Following the defeat of Harry Potter at the battle of Hogwarts and the subsequent coincidental disappearance of Lord Voldemort, the world seemed rightly set for a new leader and powerful Witch to take the foreground. And Bellatrix fit the role with exceptional ability. Naturally, she had no interest in politics or no real motivation to commence the destruction of muggles. In fact, her desires as the dominant power were far more reserved than most, to the extent that she defected the majority of the administrative work and real legislation upon other Death Eaters, only taking up the mantle as over-boss of the collected conglomerate. Pretty much as Voldemort had once done. Get others to do the hard work whilst you spend all day torturing kittens. Only, Bellatrix dreamt above the idea of torturing kittens and found herself some far more interesting muses. And today was the day that her collection was finally complete, and she could commence work on breaking in all her new toys. It was almost ironic that it was Christmas. Tussling up her hair, Bellatrix strode back into her room and over to her wardrobe. Having now adopted a new and more interesting lifestyle, her clothing accommodated it. Gone were her long, flowing dresses and robes. Now, she had lace, satin, silk, all in the form of lingerie, panties, bras, garter-belts, stockings, bodices, gowns and corsets. Delectable undergarments that accentuated her sexuality, the thing that now defined her existence. She was one step away from approaching a mirror on the wall and asking who was the fairest. Flicking through her collection, she finally came to her choice of outfit for the day. Naturally, all of them were black with deep emerald green undertones and stitching. Pulling out an intricate lace corset, inlaid with an inner of dark green velvet, she tightened it around her body, pulling it as tight as she could on her own, all before moving onto a pair of panties. She chose the matching set, a thin g-string designed to hug the curve of her arse. Slipping it on, she slipped her hard and throbbing cock through the ring of fabric at the front of the underwear, pulling the fabric tightly against her crotch, the garment used to accentuate her body as opposed to shield it from view. Next came the garter belt, a rather festive lace number with a thin puffy band of squishy fur around the middle. Pulling on a pair of fishnet stockings, she pulled them up her long and slender legs, making sure to attach them to her garter belt before sliding her feet into shiny leather high heels. Finally, the… more conventional clothing aspect of her outfit. A latex pea-coat, fastened around the middle with a single belt of leather. Tightening that Into place, she checked herself out in the mirror, idolising the perfect way that the coat hugged the curve of her arse, practically flaunting the entire thing whilst also maintaining a steep plunge down her chest, providing full and ample viewing of her plump cleavage. Tossing up her hair once more, she walked over to her bedroom door and pushed it open, only to be immediately greeted by her bumbling assistant. "Madame Lestrange… Scabior said he'd bring the three new prisoners in the afternoon. I hope that's alright," Pansy stammered as she followed along after her mistress, keeping her voice near quiet as she cowered in the presence of the busty black-haired witch. "Good… I think I'll have… Oh… You know what, it's Christmas. I'll have blonde bimbos number one, two and three for breakfast. And make sure everyone's in place for after-breakfast. I expect to have all options. Not some options. Make it so," Bellatrix barked as she neared the end of the corridor. Stopping suddenly, she turned, her hand lunging to Pansy's throat and pressing her up against the wall. Grabbing a pair of scissors from the nearby table, Bellatrix cut through the simple black set of robes the young girl had on, letting them fall away from her body as the young Slytherin trembled. Dropping the weapon, Bellatrix grabbed Pansy's small, pert little breasts, squeezing them softly before sharply pinching them between her long and delicate nails, "What did I tell you about your uniform? What did I tell you, bitch!?" "That… That I was meant to be… Meant to not wear anything… Sorry, mistress… I forgot…" Pansy whimpered meekly as she felt Bellatrix's fingers begin to dig into her gullet. The woman grinned as Pansy melted into nothing. Letting go of Pansy, Bellatrix's hand lunge to the young girl's cock, which had naturally hardened in the presence of Bellatrix and her exuding sexuality. Gently fondling the young girl's cock, Bellatrix stroked her back and forth, tugging her foreskin across her engorged, throbbing head, pre-cum pouring down from the girl's tip, smearing across Bellatrix's hand. The demented grin on the black-haired witch's face unsettled Pansy, but the young girl found it difficult to not enjoy her talented palm, squeezing and playing with her cock. Frozen in place, Pansy let out a soft and delicate moan, eliciting a cackle from Bellatrix as she sharply and suddenly pinched the young girl's shaft. "That's right. If I see you again and you don't have those perky little boobs of yours on show, I'll make your life miserable. You know what, I'm going to do that anyways. Bringing me one of black boxes in the storerooms. You know the ones. Have it by breakfast and make sure you reserve a spot for after-breakfast as I want to see that cute little bum of yours on display as well. After all, I own you too," Bellatrix snarled, roughly spanking Pansy's cock, the young girl wincing as she turned to leave, "Wait! Clean…" Lifting the palm of her hand that was covered in pre-cum, Bellatrix waited for Pansy to shrink back towards her. Bowing her head, Pansy extended her tongue and dragged it across Bellatrix's hand, cleaning away the noticeable collections of pre-cum and replacing them with a thin layer of saliva. Tasting herself was something she'd never get used to, but she did it regardless, lapping and licking at her hand as best she could. When Bellatrix was finally content, she simply turned and walked away, wiping her hand on a nearby handkerchief before entering the next room. Breakfast would take a while, so she decided to entertain herself on her latest projects. During the battle of Hogwarts, Bellatrix took an intense interest in two particular people. A young redhead and her mother, and thus had decided that their familial bond should in fact be celebrated. Walking into a long corridor that branched off into smaller rooms that more uncultured people would describe as prison cells, Bellatrix wandered along the line of doors, peering into those that drew her interest. Pansy followed after her and turned the opposite way down the corridor, unlocking one of the doors and leading three individuals out and into the dining room for Bellatrix's breakfast. The first door that Bella glanced into left her disappointed. None other than the plump, sagging sight of Professor Pomona Sprout was sitting, cross-legged and grimacing at the small slit in the door. Groaning in annoyance, Bellatrix took a moment out of her day to correct his behaviour. Unlocking the door, she plucked her wand from its place and waved it back and forth through the room. Ropes lunged across from the walls and wound around each of Pomona's limbs, stretching them out and holding her spread eagle in the air. Even Bellatrix was a little disgusted by the overly exaggerated state of the woman. Sprout was hardly the epitome of sexuality, but this crude mockery of the woman was overtly grotesque in places. Unnaturally so. And thus, Bellatrix knew instantly the ploy of the true culprit. Bellatrix was a benevolent captor and thus equipped each of the rooms with two twelve inch dildos so as to allow her prisoners to pleasure themselves to their hearts content. But when people stepped out of line, they were used for punishment. Like in this case. With her hand, Bellatrix enchanted the two cocks to nestle themselves up against Sprout's backdoor, pushing up against the clenched, puckered entrance. Her arsehole acted as if it had been sealed up entirely, only drawing Bellatrix's malicious smile even further. Continuing to apply pressure with her wand, she waited for the grimace on Sprout's face to turn to one of displeasure. Slowly, but surely, the woman's asshole gave away and suddenly, before Bellatrix could even register it, the two cocks had lodged themselves inside the woman's asshole, the sudden sharp pain of intrusion snapping the illusion. The round puffy form of Professor Sprout shrunk into a more lithe and athletic form; toned abs, round, pert ass cheeks, a pair of plump little tits all crowned by an embittered face shrouded in pink bubble-gum hair. Snarling at the pain of having asshole stuffed, Tonks looked up at Bellatrix and received nothing but a smirk. Leaving the room, Bellatrix slid the small grate back into place, leaving Tonks suspended in place, with two thick and veiny dildos thrust up her bum; the perfect punishment for disobedience. Moving onto the next chamber, she peered inside, smiling as she saw the occupant left in the same position as yesterday. She had been suspended in the same position as Tonks was now in, only nipple clamps had been fastened to her breasts and subsequently weighed down with sizable weights, stretching her plump and ample bosom to new lengths. A fitting state for the Head of Gryffindor House. Finally arriving at her cell of choice, she hauled the door open and instinctively moaned upon seeing the delectable sight laid before her. Mother and daughter, entirely naked. Ginny and Molly Weasley had proven difficult targets to pin down, but after a great deal of effort, they were finally delivered to her, bound and stripped entirely naked. As they remained for the year in which they were her captives. A year in which they rebelled at every given opportunity, thus meaning that Bellatrix opted to keep them together and bound as one. Forced into a sixty-nine position, Bellatrix had driven her mother's cock down the young girl's throat, ensuring that Ginny was forced to keep her lips wrapped around her mother's fat cock. Bella then proceeded to do the same to Molly, jamming the youngest Weasley's thick and veiny cock down the fat old bitch's throat, the two of them gagging and spluttering wildly as they were forced to remain like that for weeks on end. It was a joy in Bella's mind; as she knew from personal experience that both their mouths and throats were incredibly pleasurable; and thus, Molly and Ginny were condemned to continuous orgasms beget by their own family members. Bella remembered watching Ginny's cock spray Molly's stomach full of thick and creamy cum, her cock softening for the briefest of moments, only to once again harden in Molly's sumptuous gullet, once again plugging the fat ginger's throat with thick cock. Strutting into the room, Bellatrix unhooked a horsewhip from the wall and traced it along the small of Ginny's back, the young girl instinctively thrusting forwards as the cold leather dragged across her skin. Unwittingly submerging herself deeper into her mother's throat, Ginny quickly pulled backwards, only to receive a sharp blistering whip across her soft creamy arse. Her muffled groan vibrated along Molly's cock, the sudden change in the levels of pleasure causing her to cum and spill cum into Ginny's tired throat. Unable to swallow, with her body weary, the cum dribbled along Molly's softened cock and slipped down and along her chin. She was offered a brief moment of respite before the pleasure of being in her daughter's throat began to harden her cock once more and Molly's shaft filled Ginny's throat once more, the silent muffled gargles of discomfort emanating from Ginny's throat. Bellatrix was quite proud of her work on the two of them, but felt there was more to be done. She always felt there was more to be done as she was a child in a proverbial candy-shop, with every possible sexual fantasy at her disposal. If she wanted mother and daughter to fuck for the rest of their lives, she needed only to wave her wand and watch the two of them be connected by cock and ass for all eternity. But that wasn't what she wanted. As much as she enjoyed dominance, she relished subservience far more. It was one thing to jam your cock down someone's throat, but another to have them willingly choke themselves on your shaft out of loving desperation. Waving her wand, she allowed the two of them out of their bonds, the two Weasleys rolling away from each other and coughing wildly. Cum flooded out of Ginny's throat as she coughed up her mother's latest offering and Molly simply coughed up saliva and spittle, resting on her knees as Bellatrix stood in the doorway. The two redheads knelt dutifully, their knees aching as they looked up at their mistress and her devilish grin, "Now… I'm in need of a brand-new servant. And I want you two to be my willing little helpers. Would you like that?" Silence. Silent contempt. Just how she liked it. Gesturing for the two of the to rise up onto their feet, Bellatrix then waved her wand, conjuring various chains from thin air. A metal wring clamped around the base of each their cock's encompassing their balls in the tight metal band as well. A chain then connected their cocks to their necks, around which another metal collar was placed. Their hands were kept free, but Bellatrix made a show of tugging sharply on the chain, eliciting pain around their neck and cocks. She then conjured a metal weight from the next room and held it in front of them, showing them exactly what would come of disobedience. Strolling out of the room, she beckoned the mother and daughter to follow her, the sultry black-haired dominatrix wiggling her arse as she strode, taking long and sexy strides, exhibiting her natural sexual appeal as the two redheads' watched in abject horror. Following, they entered the dining hall, the room causing Ginny and Molly to grind to a halt, looking on in fear. Bellatrix had displayed her trophies. Her living trophies. The captives that she found uninteresting or rather dull were pinned up against the walls, their cocks remaining hardened and ready for use at any particular moment. Ginny glanced around and saw a number of her classmates standing their looking down in silence, knowing full well what came of those who spoke out. Sliding down into her seat at the table, Bellatrix gestured for Ginny and Molly to join her at the two seats at the side of the long table. Looking around, Ginny met eyes with so many of her friends. Dean, Seamus, Parvati, Padma, Cho, Colin, Dennis, Daphne Greengrass, Astoria Greengrass, Hannah, Ernie, Susan. All of them naked, gagged and permanently hardened for Bellatrix's use and amusement. "Now ladies. As my servants, you get to eat breakfast with me. Which is nice. So, I'll allow you to pick your meal from the display…" Bellatrix smiled, folding a napkin into her collar and starting to eat her plate of bacon and eggs, gesturing the multitude of prisoners that the two had to chose from, "Once you've made your pick, let Pansy know and she'll prepare them for you. Quickly now. We haven't got all day." "Meal? You want us to pick someone from the wall?" Ginny breathed. Not even lifting her head, Bellatrix simply gestured to Pansy who strode across the room and firmly slapped the redhead across the cheek. The burning sting echoed through the halls of the mansion and Bellatrix reiterated. "Pick someone, or I will bring you in here every day and force you to use your mudblood loving mouth to make them all cum into your filthy little throat. And I will make your mother watch as you become a cum-guzzling cock-slut. Now pick one, or you better get started on them all," Bellatrix threatened, spreading her legs beneath the table and tucking into her true breakfast treat. Glancing beneath the table, she was met with a rather gorgeous sight. There were few captives that she owned that she would call beautiful, but the buxom French sluts that she acquired following a raid were definitely beautiful. They may be the enemy, but damned did they look good with their lips parted and arses on show. So much so that Bellatrix never sampled one of them on their own. They were always a trio. And whilst it made the table a little packed underneath, the end goal was ultimately worth it. Letting her cock bounce between them, she returned to her breakfast and allowed Apolline, Fleur and Gabrielle to suck her off, their talented French throats making swift work of Bellatrix's pesky, throbbing morning wood. There was truly nothing quite like a blowjob on Christmas morning. "Dean…" Ginny stammered, knowing that she would be in somewhat familiar territory. Pansy nodded and began to lower Dean from his bonds and levitate him toward the table. Sitting him on the table in front of Ginny, she bound his arms behind his back and then blindfolded him, the fact that he couldn't see the redhead being a small comfort for her. His cock was throbbing, pulsating, almost painfully. As if he hadn't been relieved in weeks, kept in a constant state of arousal, yet never given the pleasure of actually cumming. Ginny felt almost merciful to have to suck him off. However, she waited, not wanting to begin for as long as possible. There was still something weird about actively sucking someone off in front of her mother. Sure, Molly had been ball's deep in her throat for a week, but Ginny hadn't been purposefully bobbing her head up and down. "And you Molly? Which of the young cocks on display takes your fancy? I imagine you have no personal preference beyond simple appearances? You haven't met many of them, no?" Bellatrix taunted, ceasing her eating and moaning deeply. She felt someone's lips slide over her cock, a tight, warm throat enveloping her length, right down to the base. The two other tongues licked and lapped at her cock, guiding the other's lips down the shaft until all of her sumptuous length was submerged. Glancing down, she saw that the mother had taken lead in suckling on her cock, relegating the two talented, younger mouths to her balls. Dropping their smaller, perter lips down to Bella's heavy balls, the two girl's each took one into their mouth, lathering it up with as much saliva as they could, dutifully batting their tongues back and forth across the woman's balls, playing with them as a cat would a ball of yarn. They pulled softly on them, letting the pop out of their lips and slip back into place, glistening like two great orbs. Using her unique oral talents, Apolline tightened and relaxed her throat, massaging Bellatrix's cock without moving her lips. The soft silkiness of her throat was almost enthralling with Bellatrix having to pause for a moment to comprehend just how much dexterity the blonde bimbo had. She was right to reserve the three blonde beauties to her own personal collection as opposed to throwing them to the rest of the Death Eaters as she did with most captives. Their talents would have been wasted on them, "You know what, Molly… I think I'll make the decision for you. See, my dear Pansy was incredibly naughty this morning and thus I've elected to use one of these on her…" Snapping her fingers, Bellatrix was brought the black box that she requested earlier that day. Peeling it open, she revealed a chastity cage, small and metal, perfectly fitted for Pansy's smaller cock. Wincing at the sight of it, Pansy remembered the punishments at Hogwarts. She watched Alecto relish in clamping one down on Hannah Abbot's cock, the sheer sight of her throbbing, hardened cock pulsating against the metal cage being enough to make Pansy recoil. The fact that she would soon be wearing that one hadn't exactly dawned entirely on her, but having it flaunted in front of her certainly wasn't helping her come to terms. "And well… She's a slutty little thing and even the slightest suggestion of something going near her pathetic little worm of a cock makes her rock hard. And whilst I would personally relish the act of squeezing her filthy little cock into the cage whilst hard, it would save me, a busy woman, quite a lot of time if you were to use your aging wisdom to relieve her. As I understand she hasn't come for a couple days. Should be plenty for your breakfast dear," Bellatrix smiled, watching as Pansy realised what was happening and bounced around and in front of Molly. Sliding up and onto the table, the Slytherin mimicked the position of Dean, but neglected the bonds. With their feasts in place, Bellatrix smirked, "Now, now… no need to wait. Dig in. Get them down you. If you don't finish in time, the same rules apply. Every single cock in this room will be your own personally responsibility with penalty of chastity." Molly and Ginny shared a look with each other, as if to dispel any uncertainty the pair had. With reluctance in their hearts, the shifted their chairs forwards and each wrapped their hands around the base of their chosen cock. It seemed so familiar in Ginny's hand. She had spent a great deal of time with Dean and thus he experimented with sexual relations with him, never going beyond head. There was a certain warmth in his shaft throbbing between her fingers once more, even if it was under hollow circumstances. Gently jerking his cock back and forth, she squeezed those soft spots that she remembered, eliciting brief grunts from him, his gag silencing the majority of the outbursts. Leaning forwards, she trailed her tongue from the base to the tip, nervously wrapping her lips around his pulsating head. Part of the reason she was so reserved about sucking cock in front of her mother was primarily due to the fact that she was rather good at it. She and Harry fucked and fucked a lot, with oral being a perverse fascination of hers. She loved the feeling of cock in her throat and Bellatrix was right. Molly's daughter was a cock-slut; a slavering blowjob-whore and Ginny didn't feel any arousal around displaying her talents in front of her own mother. Again, even after deepthroating the older Weasley only minutes before. Pushing her nerves aside, she decided to get it over and done with, plunging her lips down and along Dean's cock. Throwing caution to the wind, she decided to make him cum and cum quickly. Saliva pooled quickly in her mouth and she dredged his cock in it, rendering his shaft a slick and sloppy mess in only a single plunge. Nestling her lips firmly against his base, she pushed until she could push no longer, his balls firmly smacked against her chin. Pulling swiftly back, she curled her tongue around his shaft, bouncing her head up and down a few times, before pulling back and threading her tongue across the tip of his shaft. She never let herself rest, exercising every talent she had. Her hand continued to jerk him off whenever she wasn't lunging downwards, and her other palm firmly massaged his tender balls. The combination of purposeful and precise licking, alongside deepthroat plunges meant that Dean had no option but to cum early. That and he had been starved of the luxury for weeks on end. Spilling cum deep into Ginny's throat, the young redhead swallowed every inch, making sure that her undulating throat milked every drop into her stomach, the redhead not wanting to appear sloppy or clumsy. With Dean's cock rapidly softening in her throat, she popped his shrivelled cock out of her lips and wiped her mouth, sliding back in her chair and folding her arms, "Marvellous! Or Merveilleux as the French would say if their mouths weren't full at the moment. See what your daughter is, Molly? She is a filthy cock slut. She probably learnt how to do that whilst gagging on poor little daddy's cock. Or even her brothers. That and the filthy mudblood she seems ever so fond off. A slut through and through. I'm glad you are taking to your new position with glee. Shall I fetch another meal for you? I'm sure you could squeeze another one in." "I'm fine…" Ginny growled, unwittingly setting of Bellatrix's flighty of fury. Leaping to her feet, her cock roughly and sharply pulled out of Apolline's throat, the blonde milf hitting her head against the table as Bellatrix lunged her hand a Ginny's head, tugging it backwards. Gritting her teeth, she stared up at Bellatrix, not flinching as the black-haired psycho, lifted her own heavy glossy cock and smacked it against her face, wielding her cock like a club and battering the young girl's face in, making sure that her strikes were as playful as they were firm. With her rosy red cheeks burning a little, Bellatrix mirrored Pansy's earlier slap and struck Ginny's other cheek, the young girl whimpering as she cradled her saliva and pre-cum stricken face. "I'm fine… what?" Bellatrix growled, moving for her wand as Ginny looked up at her. Drawing the wand, she waved it, the ring around both Ginny's throat and cock tightening exponentially. Robbed of air and with her cock in growing pain, Ginny stammered her response. "I'm fine… mistress. Thank you, mistress…" She choked out, the words causing the older woman to relent and calm down slightly. Replacing her grimace with a smile, she slid back down into her chair, wrapping a hand around the base of her cock and thrusting it up against Gabrielle's lips, jamming the first half of her monumental shaft down the young girl's throat. It would forever surprise her just how much the youngest Delacour could take. In a family of mammoth shafts, it was to be expected; and yet her thin nubile frame was able to take massive cock after massive cock with seemingly no reaction but pleasure. Bellatrix was already planning a situation in which she could properly test the young girl's capabilities. But she would have to order a few magically enchanted toys for that to work. For now, she made do with packing the young girl's gullet with her own thick cock. Getting the picture, Gabrielle angled her throat and eased her lips down and towards the base of Bella's cock, slurping greedily at the cock that had previously been in her mother's throat. Having been conditioned into their positions of filthy-fuck-sluts, the Delacours were surprisingly obedient. However, one look at Apolline's once immaculate arse proved just how merciless Bellatrix could be in making her captives dutiful little fuck-sluts. Gabrielle and Fleur mostly fell in line with Fleur requiring her nipples to be attended to rather roughly in order to kneel like a proper bimbo. "Good… Now be quiet and let mommy have her fill. No doubt she'd love an audience. I can't imagine her having so many children just because she wanted to. Probably just wanted to increase the chance of one of you walking in on her being done by dear old daddy. Though, knowing your family, she was probably the one doing the doing. Are you sure it wasn't your dad who gave birth to you freaks?" Bellatrix seethed, pushing her breakfast away and sinking back into her chair. The enthralling pleasure of Gabrielle's throat was too much and she felt a hand snake down and gently guide the young girl's loving lips along her cock, easing herself in and out of pure, heavenly bliss. The small murmured grunts that came from the young girl's throat were also immensely satisfying along with the constant subtle hum that Apolline enveloped her balls in whenever she wrapped those soft, plump, perfect lips around them. Bellatrix was under constant pressure to appear more in public. Perhaps she'd dress the oldest Delacour up and have her join her. A pleasure-wife of sorts. The highest rank of her coven of sluts. Apolline was definitely befitting of special treatment were the need to arise. Having watched her own daughter display her own sexual prowess right in front of her, Molly was understandably nervous and sucking off Pansy. She was somewhat comforted by the small size of the young girl's cock. In fact, she was certain that Pansy wouldn't even scrape the back of her throat. Regardless, she wasn't thrilled to find out. Eventually curbing her disgust, Molly simply leapt into it wrapping her lips around Pansy's cock and maintaining the ideology that the faster she moved the better. However, instead of bobbing her head rapidly along the young Slytherin's cock as she expect, Molly was instead pinned in place, with Pansy holding her plump motherly lips down against her crotch. The young girl wanted to savour the depth of the woman's throat and forbid her from a clumsy sloppy slurp-fest. Instead, Pansy took control, wanting to feel every contour of the woman's depths, plug her hole with cock as best she could. Bellatrix did nothing to stop it, instead sinking further into her chair and pinching one of her nipples, thrilled that her fuck-slut-servant was somewhat interesting when it came to pleasure. She absolutely detested complete subservience when it came to her muses. She didn't want her girls in waiting to do exactly as they were told when told to fuck someone. She didn't want Pansy to ask permission to properly rattle and destroy Molly's throat. She wanted a girl who simply did it, understanding that Bellatrix valued one thing and one thing only in her dogsbody; an equal degree of lustful perversity. And amidst the cowering pathetic girl was a true dominatrix, one that Bella would keep on a leash. A long one mind you, but a leash nonetheless. Unable to draw her eyes away from her mother, Ginny hated herself as her cock twitched in response to Molly's bulging cheeks. Resisting the grasp of Pansy, she was unable to as Pansy slid of the edge of the table and stood up, wrapping Molly's hair around her hand and beginning to drag her unwilling participant along her throbbing shaft. Pansy was aware she wasn't spectacularly well endowed, but that didn't mean she couldn't make up for length in the sheer ferocity of her approach. Starting slowly, she lazily began to fuck Molly's mouth, savouring the slick, sloppy depths that the redhead provided. Soon enough however, she snapped and turned her thrusts swifter, pounding her cock into Molly's mouth mercilessly. The sound of soft and gentle slaps turning to hardened slurps of desperation were music to Bella's ears, alongside the splutters of saliva that dribbled from Molly's lips as Pansy's heavy balls smacked relentlessly against her. Pounding the woman's tight hole, Pansy displayed one of her other virtues that made up for her lack of length or girth; stamina. Where Molly thought that Pansy would be a quick blow and go, she was actually mistaken, with the young girl thrusting in and out of her mouth for minutes on end, her cock a frustrating length. It constantly smacked the back of her throat, without even letting Molly succumb to the satisfaction of being throat-fucked. She was teased with it, taunted with it, but never given the true pleasure of thick and virile cock. Succumbing to the situation, she decided she ought to just let Pansy run her course and supply the girl with as much pleasure as possible. Curving her hands around to Pansy's pert buttocks, Molly gently squeezed them, pawing and pulling at them as they constantly moved, constantly driving back and forth in an attempt to throat-fuck Molly harder. The sloppy slurps and splutters filled Ginny's ears and she couldn't help but find a perverse sense of joy from watching her mother get brought down to her level. Always grand-standing about proper relationships, her mother always frowned upon Ginny being a little more promiscuous in her youth. And now her she was, being mouth-fucked like a little whore. There was a perverse sense of irony in it, but Ginny only wished that she was seeing it under different circumstances and not the ones they were currently in. Still, she couldn't pull her eyes away and her infatuation was something that Bellatrix unfortunately realised quickly, catching on with a malicious grin. Pushing Molly backwards, Pansy toppled her down onto the ground, the chair crashing along with her, much to Bellatrix's delight. Pinning Molly against the ground, Pansy lay atop her face, thrusting sharply and firmly downwards, hammering into her gullet mercilessly. Her balls began to ache as she fucked her with such ferocity, the pain originating from the moments where her balls smacked against Molly's chin. Coming to the end of her stamina, Pansy thrust firmly into Molly's throat and unloaded a massive sticky load. Pumping and draining a hefty amount of cum into Molly's throat, Pansy continued to cum long after the redhead assumed that she was done. Coughing and spluttering, Molly spilled cum out of her lips and down her cheeks and chin, reducing her face to a sticky mess. Moaning contently as her cock softened in the redhead's gullet, Pansy pulled back and staggered to her feet, turning around to receiving a round of applause from Bellatrix. Clapping proudly as her own cock got switched into Fleur's throat, the two others starting to suckle on her balls as she sat there, "Bravo. Come here, Pansy dear, come here…" Smiling as she approach Bellatrix, Pansy wrongly assumed that Bellatrix was to congratulate her for her skill and the state she left Molly in. However, the black-haired witch lunged for Pansy's cock and held it firmly in place. Reaching for the cock-cage, she pinned it tightly around Pansy's shrivelled little cock, tightening it until her soft shaft bulged against the metal bars. Clasping it shut, Bellatrix locked it, fastening a small padlock to it before tucking the key into her cleavage. Roughly spanking Pansy's arse, Bellatrix sent her off to go and prepare for after-breakfast, Bella's favourite time. Bellatrix was a tough woman to please and even with all three of the Delacour women beneath the table sucking skilfully on her cock, it took a lot more to make her cum. Hence, after-breakfast, in which she was presented with a plethora of her captives and the liberty of all their pleasurable holes. A particularly delicious time of day for her. It also allowed her to enjoy one of the best sights in the world. She had control of the Wizarding World and thus there was nothing she couldn't do. And laying eyes of Bellatrix's after-breakfast plans was something that proved just how much sway and power she had. "Now, Molly and Ginny dears. Get up, come on. I've got something special to show you. You two are relatively new here so, you won't know what this is. Come on," Bellatrix smiled excitedly, sliding up and out of her chair, her heavy, thick cock bouncing out of Fleur's throat. Wiping their chins, the Delacours remained beneath the table, waiting for orders that would allow them to move. Stopping suddenly, Bellatrix sighed, "I really don't like that chill. No, it's not very nice at all. You three did such a lovely job of making my cock slick and slippery, and now the cold air is making it a bad thing. Can't have that at all. Tell you what, we'll do…" Plucking out her wand, she pointed it at Gabrielle and her young lithe body. Lifting her up and out from beneath the table, Bellatrix hovered her in the air, forcing her body into a plank position. Confused, Gabrielle felt herself get rotated until her lips were once again in place in front of Bella's cock. Parting her lips dutifully, she felt Bellatrix guide her cock down her gullet, sliding her over her cock like a proper little cock-sleeve. Bellatrix had no intention of actually moving Gabrielle back and forth across her cock and instead only conjured this position so that her cock didn't get cold. Holding her wand in position, she began to walk to the opposite end of the room, keeping Gabrielle's slick and delicate throat wrapped around her cock. Moaning softly as she bounced, Bellatrix guided Ginny and Molly into the next room, their eyes widening as they were met with a genuinely baffling and erotic sight. Bellatrix's true display of power. It was a long corridor. And along each wall of the corridor, were a multitude of holes carved out, holes that were large enough for Bellatrix's many slaves and captives to push their arses through and proudly display them for Bellatrix's amusement. This was where she would milk her morning wood dry every day. Lines of dozens of asses, all there for her pleasure. She could spend days in here, dipping in and out of ass after ass, pounding and hammering into a hole of her choice. She had small portraits hung over each bum to display who was on the other side and on the receiving end of a good, hard fucking. A true pleasure of Bellatrix's was simply strolling through this room, admiring her collection. The finest bums all at her disposal. It was also how she chose her entertainment for the day and who she fancied torturing. Of course, the people who were forced into these holes were the ones that Bellatrix had already broken. The men and women who had bent the knee and succumb to her, completely and utterly devoting their ass and mouth to her pleasure. In fact, Bella had an oath she forced them to recite. Tonks, McGonagall, Ginny and Molly were amongst those who had evaded her following the battle of Hogwarts and thus needed to be broken in. Some of the arses on display had been under her thumb for months now and would happily pleasure their mistress in every which way. Gabrielle was one of those. She adored to pleasure her mistress. Whilst Apolline and Fleur were far more discerning, their raising of Gabrielle to be yet another familial slut made breaking her incredibly easy. She was like a little pet, one that Bellatrix could always rely on to help her out. She had grown fond of Gabrielle in her time as Dark Mistress and just how brain-washed she had gotten the young girl was emblematic in what she did next. "You've done well this morning. Go and choose a toy. You've got an hour to play," Bellatrix purred as she slipped Gabrielle down and off her cock. The young blonde slut grinned, leaning forward and kissing her mistress's cock before rushing down the corridor in search of her chosen toy as Bellatrix put it. Ginny and Molly were both horrified at the sight, seeing all their comrades, friends and acquaintances thrust through a wall and ready for use. Turning towards them Bellatrix smiled, "There will come a time when you are so desperate for an orgasm, so desperate to cum. You will have been robbed of orgasm after orgasm for months on end. There will come a time when you will relish the opportunity to present yourself to your mistress like this on the one fleeting chance that you will be the one ass that I choose to fuck, just so that you might have a chance to cum. You'll beg for me to fuck you. Remember that. And remember how kind I am to you now. I will allow you to pick a toy to play with whilst I relieve myself with your classmates holes. If you don't choose someone to fuck, it may very well be the last orgasm you have for a year. Remember that… Of you go. And If I don't hear screams of pain from whoever you choose, well… I will cram your cocks into the small cock-cage I can find. Smaller than Pansy's. When an ass gets fucked in this house, everyone in London knows about it. Go…" Molly and Ginny both glanced at each other, completely and utterly confused by the situation. They didn't want to force themselves on anyone, but the threats from Bellatrix were enough to convince them that they had to. Turning around, the watched as Gabrielle found herself a 'toy' to play with. Gabrielle had gone further down the corridor and had found one of her favourites that she enjoyed playing with whenever given the opportunity. A round, smaller, bubble-butt. Similar to her own. Perfectly pert and just juicy enough to have a little bounce, yet almost globe like in their roundness. Sinking down behind it, she glanced up at the portrait, not recognising the young boy, however, she had heard from the servants quarters where she occasionally helped out that the young boy was called Dennis. She didn't really care. All she cared about was the fact that he had the cutest little ass that she had ever seen, and she wanted to lavish and love it as best she could. Of course, her favourite ass was Madame Lestrange's, but hers was far more gorgeous and silkier. She wouldn't say it was cute. But she definitely loved being smothered between her plumper, fuller cheeks than anything else. Often Bellatrix would opt to use Gabrielle or someone else as a seat instead of chairs. It was a little complicated in terms of positioning, but Gabrielle never-minded. Leaning down behind him, Gabrielle pried his ass cheeks apart, lunging forwards with her tongue and plunging it deep into his asshole. She could hear Dennis moaning from the other side of the wall, making her grin as she lavished his hole. She always enjoyed making him moan as he had the most arousing moans she had heard, again, when not considering Mistress Bellatrix's. Pushing her tongue as deep as she could inside of the young boy's ass, she let his bouncy little cheeks fall back into place, her tongue going in search of his button, his prostate. Knowing that she could lick and tease that sensitive spot and bringing Dennis to monumental creases of pleasure, she used her quick and curling tongue to flick across his bead, sending his ass into spasms. Clenching around her tongue, he pinned it in place, holding her deep inside him as she traced the small bulb of sensitivity that was deep in his ass. He recognised her tongue and her hands. They had come to be a great pleasure for the young boy in the occasional times that he felt her. Bellatrix wasn't exactly a kind mistress in terms of letting her playthings fuck her other playthings and Gabrielle only got let loose in the candy-shop of ass every couple months. Yet she always chose Dennis and she always brought him to climactic ends, just as she did herself. Moaning into Dennis's ass, she gently tapped the top of his cheeks, glancing up and along the corridor to make sure Bellatrix wasn't looking. The way that the small nooks were designed meant that there wasn't much space to move until the doors on the opposite side were open. Meaning that those with their asses presented were trapped in place until someone came to let them out. However, Dennis was small enough that he was able to shift forwards ever so slightly, just enough so that Gabrielle could slide her hand in and underneath, wrapping her small and delicate fingers around his cock. Bellatrix exploded with anger the last time that she caught Gabrielle doing it and lashed the poor girl's ass until it bled. But even Gabrielle's loyalty had it's limits and they were this. She would never be able to describe it, but the feeling of Dennis's cock throbbing in between her fingers was something she'd adore forever. Something she was willing to risk getting lashed over. So, with her tongue lodged in his ass and her hand gently jerking his cock off, pre-cum spilling into her palm, Gabrielle let her eyes roll closed and her moans flood from her lips, the vibrations rushing along her tongue and into Dennis's ass, his prostate being smothered with the sumptuous licks and fleeting moans of the young blonde girl. Her own cock throbbed between her legs and she was close to popping an orgasm even without having touched herself. However, she held off a while longer, knowing that she wanted to fuck Dennis at least once. A feeling that was mirrored by Dennis. Continuing to writhe her tongue deep inside of the young boy's ass, Gabrielle couldn't help but lower a hand to her own cock, gently tugging herself off in tandem with Dennis, the two of the moaning softly. Were they to meet under different circumstances, perhaps this would have been more intimate, however Bellatrix kept a close hand on all her submissives. If they were allowed to perform jobs, they were always kept close at hand, otherwise they were chained up and kept for later, as playthings for the mistress; a life that most of them were content to revel in and enjoy having been broken and bent to their mistress's whims. Ignoring herself, she lifted her hand up to Dennis's ass, prodding a digit in alongside her tongue, driving the thin finger into his rear, all to a chorus of moans from the young boy. Knowing just where to apply pressure, Gabrielle made sure he was writhing with pleasure, shuddering towards an orgasm. Quickly, she added a second finger, pulling her tongue back all together, working Dennis's ass until it was nice and loose, ready for her cock. Of course, Dennis had been trained and broken on the mistress's lovely, fat cock, so taking Gabrielle wasn't really a challenge. However, he was warmed by the kind touch she made off making sure he was nicely lubricated and sufficiently loosened; a courtesy that Bellatrix often neglected. Finally, ready to fuck her toy, Gabrielle pulled herself away from his ass, Dennis instinctively pushing his rear firmly back into place, his cheeks being spread naturally to reveal his gaping hole. Not wanting to waste her opportunity, Gabrielle drizzled some saliva down onto her throbbing cock, gently stroking herself off to make sure she was sufficiently slick. Lowering the head of her cock into place, she gently thrust forwards, easing herself into Dennis's ass and eliciting a moan of pleasure from the young butt-slut. Having been meticulous with her design, Bellatrix made sure to circumvent the usual problems with gloryhole style venues by having their asses protrude substantially from the wall, allowing for the proper depth. There was no need to hug the wall and viciously hump crudely forwards as there was enough room to firmly seat yourself inside your chosen receptacle, all without having to croon against a wall. Something which Gabrielle didn't exactly appreciate given her limited knowledge of such perversity, but something she still reaped the benefits of as she plunged herself deep into Dennis's clutching ass, her hairless crotch pressing against his shaven ass, her balls colliding softly with his in the most sensual of ways. They had grown used to being connected this way and thus the pleasure was a comfort. Dennis always felt the instinct to touch himself and stroke his cock off, but he knew that Gabrielle would provide more than enough pleasure to drive not only a single orgasm from his small frame, but multiple. The young blonde had the sexual appetite of a randy dog and made sure to make good use of her youthful stamina. If given the time, she could have made half a dozen of the asses in this corridor cum before she emptied herself, a talent that Bellatrix had noticed and made good use of. Slowly, Gabrielle began to hammer into Dennis's clutching ass, the boy grunting pleasurably with each firm thrust. He made sure to keep his cute little bubble butt pinned up against the wall despite Gabrielle forceful thrusts threatening to dislodge it. Resting her hands against the wall, Gabrielle began to moan, loving the way that his ass constricted around her cock, massaging every inch as it slipped in and out, his puckered little asshole wrapped snugly around her length. The smacking of her balls against his was a particular favourite of hers, so much so that she dribbled some saliva into her hand and gently rubbed her balls, smearing them with saliva to make those slaps that extra bit… sumptuous. Harder and harder, Gabrielle wasted no time in building a strong and stern rhythm, knowing from experience that Dennis could take it like a dutiful little slut. She often wondered if it would be her place to ask if Dennis could help her whenever Gabrielle was called upon to service the mistress. The thought of the two of them on their knees gagging on her divine cock sent shivers through Gabrielle's body. Or both of them on their hands and knees presenting their round little bums to her, giving her the choice of two tight, prepubescent asses for her dip her sumptuous cock into, bouncing from one to another, fucking them like they deserved. Her cock throbbed at the thought and she felt Dennis's ass begin to convulse. Giggling, she intensified her thrusts, knowing that as soon as is little body began to cum, she should start to properly demolish him, milking him dry. There was nothing quite like an intense fuck in an orgasm-riddled ass. Dennis felt his cock twitch between his legs and he moaned. He loved an orgasm that was derived solely from anal. It was the finest kind of orgasm, especially when it came from his second favourite cock. He didn't care that he was spraying cum down his thighs and even up onto his belly, or the fact that his orgasm-sensitive body was now sent into hyperdrive by Gabrielle's constant and unending thrusts. His softened cock bounced and shook beneath him as he reclined into the wall, desperate to serve Gabrielle in making her cum. After all, that was all his ass was good for; being used to make better people than him cum. That was what Bellatrix taught him. That he was a worthless collection of holes that would only be worthwhile if they were stuffed full of her cock, or her Death Eater's cocks. Though, Bella never let her prized toys get passed around by those horny louts she called followers. Completely baffled by Gabrielle's enthusiasm and the moans of pure delight coming from the arse that she was practically destroying, Ginny stood in the middle of the corridor, trying to find someone that she could fuck. Someone that wouldn't make her feel like a terrible person. Her eyes finally found someone that she wanted, someone that would understand her predicament, and someone who could possibly help in orchestrating an escape. Abandoning her mother to the endless plethora of choices, Ginny sank to her knees behind a round, shapely and all too familiar bum, "Luna? Luna? Can you hear me, Luna? It's Ginny…" "Ginny? Is that you? My, what a curious place to run into you. I don't suppose the mistress sent you? I've not felt her in two weeks. I was starting to think I had done something wrong or I had been beset by Illerks. They always seem to get in the way of me having sex… I don't suppose you're going to fuck me? It would be incredibly nice of you," Luna smiled rather dreamily, completely and utterly at home in the situation despite how wild it was. "Luna… I'm going to try and find a way to get you out of here. But… But I have to have sex with you. I don't mean anything by it, but…" Ginny began, only to be cut of by a raving Luna, who pushed her ass suddenly backwards, straining it against the rim of the hold, her asshole stretching and gaping as she did so. "Oh, the mistress is being kind today. Though I would have preferred to have her cock, I'd be more than happy to service you Ginny. Fuck me please! Make me scream! Make me squeal! Ginny! Fuck me! Fuck me Ginny! Fuck me now!" Luna screeched, becoming almost demented. The conditioning she had been forced through was quite extraordinary. She was well beyond her usual eccentricity and had been completely made submissive. "Luna… Are you okay? Listen, you don't have to be like that. I'm going to get Bellatrix's wand and free everyone. I just need some time… but, I need to maintain my cover by fucking you. Are… Are you sure you're okay with that?" Ginny asked furtively, unsure as to what she was going to hear from her blonde friend. "You plan to usurp the mistress? I should call her over here to discipline you. But… She probably has it all worked out. The mistress is smart enough to know if there is a conniving little slut going around like you. Go on… Fuck me then. Get that fat cock of yours up my arse and make me scream. Before I call the mistress," Luna snarled, her words not her own. Startled by it all, Ginny glanced up and down the corridor, a little taken aback by being called a conniving little slut. Regardless, she put aside Luna's slander and decided that she needed to focus. She needed to remain in a position to get Bellatrix's wand, and in order to do that, she needed to fuck Luna and make her scream. Something that didn't exactly seem to be that difficult considering Luna's peculiar position and strange eagerness to being used like a fuck-slut. Still, Ginny wasn't going to just push her to one side and find someone that wasn't willing; though Ginny was quite fearful that every single person in this corridor of excess was entirely willing and complicit in being used as toys for Bellatrix's pleasure. Ginny shuddered to think exactly what would render them like this and what treatment Bellatrix had wrought upon them to make them all so eager to pleasure her. It was sick. Dribbling several mouthfuls of saliva down onto her cock, Ginny made sure she was slickened almost entirely, not wanting to hurt her friend. When she was dripping with spittle, she moved forwards and pushed the head of her cock up against Luna's well used asshole, the young blonde's hole peeling apart instantaneously, eagerly enveloping Ginny's tip and sucking her deeper inside of her. Startled by the suddenness, Ginny slipped forwards, her crotch meeting Luna's bum instantly, her unshaven pubic hair nestling up against Luna's hairless arse, her entire cock submerged in the tight, clutching hole. Luna moaned as if she had just been given the most sumptuous bout of pleasure in the world, the girl overexaggerating well beyond her usual eccentricity. Her squeals of delight filled the room as Ginny looked around nervously. Bellatrix didn't look up from her perusing of her various toys, the woman overwhelmed with choice. Confidant that this was normal (well, as normal as anything could be given the current surroundings), Ginny reaffirmed her position, before gently starting to slide her cock in and out of Luna's ass, easing herself back and forth to a chorus of vocal moans from the young blonde. Ginny couldn't deny the pleasure that rippled through her own cock. Luna appeared to have an intimate control of her own ass, tightening and loosening herself to massage and tenderise Ginny's cock. This talent made Ginny weak at the knees, slowing her gentle pounding right down so that she could savour it, quickly losing sight of the bigger picture and becoming enveloped in a deep orgasmic haze. Moaning softly, she tried not to cum, silently happy that she had been relieved by her own mother's throat only an hour ago. Such a strange sentence didn't even raise an eyebrow in Ginny anymore. After being captured by Bellatrix, the perverse became normal, the taboo became tradition, and the completely and utterly insane, became trivial. Even Luna seemed more insane than normal, something that was only accentuated by her pleasure riddled ramblings and screeches. Ginny quickly began to wonder if she should move to fuck someone a little quieter, but quickly reaffirmed herself, emboldened by the knowledge that this was what Bellatrix wanted. She wanted Ginny to have abuse hurled at her by a close and personal friend; thank you mistress, indeed. Starting slowly by pure instinct, Ginny quickly curbed her normal patterns and drew herself back until only the tip remained, deciding that if she had to fuck her best friend hard, then she was going to do it harder than any person had ever fucked before. Thus, was her usual mindset. Outdo that which had already been done. And knowing Luna, she had been fucked hard by a myriad of people. And… Well… Beasts as well… You didn't have to be particularly inquisitive to learn of her forays with the Centaurs in the Forbidden Forest, or even a couple of creatures held for classes. Brushing that side, Ginny hooked her fingers into the convenient handholds that Bellatrix had had carved into the walls and slammed forwards, her crotch hitting against Luna's pert and shapely bum, the slapping sound echoing through the entire room and drawing even Mistress Lestrange's attention, a wry smirk stretching onto her face as she stooped down near her chosen subject. Ginny didn't wait long, having learnt the secret to a good ass-fucking lies in the pace and firmness of it all. It may not be as intense for the person doing the fucking, but it was damn near brilliant at making the recipient truly squirm in all the right ways. Pulling back and driving forwards, Ginny worked up a rhythm, hating herself for enjoying this. Growing up at Hogwarts, she had gotten so used to sex. When Harry went away for Seventh Year, she took solace in a small group of Gryffindors that grouped together for all manners of sexual perversity. Neville, Dean, Seamus, Her, Parvati and Lavender would make regular trips to Room Of Requirement and ensure that the ladies were all drained, all at the expense and immense pleasure of the men. Such indulgences meant that being trapped with Lestrange was a massive downgrade from her usual flights of sexual adventure. So being balls deep in Luna's arse, fucking her with such vibrant intensity, was such a treat than Ginny forgot herself, focussing on the smacks of flesh, the deep pleasure surrounding her cock, and the grunts and groans of pleasure coming from the slut in whom she was impaled. She forgot where she was, who she was with and simply fucked… Like she was back where she belonged. With friends and family, fucking like wild animals. "Yes! Oh, yes! Thank you, mistress, for this lovely cock! Oh, fuck me! Fuck me harder Ginny, please! I want to feel you in my stomach! I want to feel you deep inside me! Make my screams so high-pitch that the only thing in the world that could hear me is the Giant Squid in the Black Lake! Oh Ginny, make me cum! Prove to me I'm worthy of being Madame Lestrange's personal bitch! Prove to her that my ass is the tightest! Oh please, please, please, please…" Luna screeched, forcing her arse firmly against the wall so tightly that her ass grew red around the rim of the wall, her white, creamy cheeks forced firmly against it. It was a little dissuading to hear such submissive drawl from her friend, but in the end, the pleasure warmly enveloping Ginny's fat cock was too immense for Ginny to not succumb to a fever of deep impassioned groans and firm hard slamming thrusts that ultimately drove more of the same from Luna's broken lips. Pounding the young blonde's tight little arse, Ginny imagined they were back in third year, sneaking into empty class-rooms, dropping their panties and hiking their skirts up, jerking their cocks of against one another, sandwiching them between their hands, before one of them bent over to get fucked. Usually the person who was the last to get to full mast had the pleasure of being bent over a desk and rutted against like an animal. The one time they were caught by McGonagall was what cemented them as friends. Now look where they were. Fucking through a wall, in a world overtaken by a latex ensnared mistress and dominatrix. Suddenly, Ginny lifted her hand and sharply spanked Luna's ass cheeks, sinking her fingers into the soft flesh as she did so, the moans that filled the room being so intense and pleasurable that Gabrielle pulled her tongue out of Dennis's ass, the young girl haven decided to clean him out after she pumped him full of her cum. Smirking as she saw Ginny so intensely shagging Luna's ass, she returned to devouring the young boy like the good little slut she was. Lifting her hands again, Ginny brought them down, moaning as she massaged the creamy flesh before her, watching it turn a deep and ruby red, hearing the squeals of pain and delight from the other side of the wall. Luna could feel each inch practically tearing her in two, ruining her ass for future fucks. But she didn't care. She loved it. She knew how Mistress Bellatrix felt about rough sex and knew that she would love her feeling like this. The pain intertwined with immense and unbelievable pleasure; moans and grunts in equal measure; the rough slapping of flesh as bodies pounded and collided together. Luna's only wish was that there was no wall between her and Ginny so that her beloved friend could properly make her scream. Regardless, she made her groans and moans immensely audible, partly out of design, but mostly out of the fact she had no other choice. In the small room she was inside, she could focus on only the sensations flooding her ass, the fact that her body shifted with each thrust, and her small breasts bouncing back and forth. Ginny didn't realise that she was spanking Luna until her cheeks were a bright and deepened crimson, the darkened kind. She stopped her thrusts, immediately glancing over at her new Mistress and receiving a deadly stare. Returning to her rough hammering of Luna's arse, Ginny refrained from treating her ass cheeks, ass cheeks that she had previously fell in love with and would lavish and worship willing, as a chew-toy. Molly as enthralled with her youngest child and the sheer aptitude that she displayed for sex. She had seen her sweet innocent daughter as just that; innocent. Yet here, in a flagrant and well exercised display, she proved otherwise. The way she moved her hips, pulled at Luna's body, and made sure each thrust was as deep as possible, spoke to a carnal understanding of pleasure well beyond simple teenage promiscuity. Admittedly turned on by that; the fact that her daughter was so well endowed and versed in sex, not the fact that she was naked and rather attractive; Molly turned her eyes towards selecting her chosen hole. She had wandered up and down, seeing young faces, all of whom were from Hogwarts. She saw a few ministry officials and even, by chance, Lucius Malfoy. It would seem even Bellatrix tired of his grovelling. No Narcissa however… Shame, Molly thought, she would have loved to bring that blonde, high-end strumpet down to her level. Instead, she found someone else she was at odds with, someone who made her… uncomfortable. Uncertain. Molly Weasley was not a vindictive person. She valued family over all else and refused to let anyone stand in the way of a wholesome, proper family. There was one person who tried to throw a spanner in the works and despite her best efforts, he treated them like dirt. As if he didn't know them. Molly never really consider how she felt about him, not until that moment. That moment when she was presented with an anonymous opportunity to discipline him and to let out her deepest frustrations. She didn't consider herself vengeful or evil… But when given the chance to unleash her most primal emotions, all under a veil of secrecy. How could she not use Percy like that? It was such a tantalising opportunity; his pert little bony ass pushed up against that wall, his cheeks pried apart naturally, flaunting his barely touched asshole. If Molly had to guess, he had been barely fucked when compared to the majority of the people along the walls. They all lay agape or at least had signs of being broken in. He… Not so much. And whilst he was her son… he had come between the family. She would never openly hurl abuse at him, but… Here. Well, here she could break him in, fuck him hard and give him what he deser… some discipline. She didn't even have to consciously move towards him. It happened on it's own. Before she knew it, she was on her knees, sitting by his ass. She gently stroked her cock, working a bead of pre-cum from her tip, letting it coat her fat, motherly cock. She dribbled a single mouthful of saliva onto her tip, letting it dribble across her head and bulb. Slapping her cock down against his cheeks, she nestled the saliva-stricken cock against his asshole, teasing and prodding it in a slow and tentative way. A part of her didn't want to do it, but then Percy began to speak, professing his love and adoration for Madame Lestrange, and suddenly, a part of Molly snapped, a carnal, animalistic, brutal part of her; one she hadn't shown for a long time. Well, she showed it at the Battle of Hogwarts, when she confronted Bellatrix after she attacked Ginny, and subsequently was disarmed by the black-haired witch, and almost killed. Percy, giddy at the touch of someone else, whimpered, "Mistress? Oh, Mistress, you're there… I thought you forgot about me. You're little Percy. Oh, but you've not. And you've come to use me? Oh, mistress, you a merciful woman. Please, don't treat me any differently. I want to used, like your other subjects. Fucked hard and without relent. Please, make me scream. I want nothing less than to please you mistress… Please, fuck me…" Those words were like a haze upon Molly's better judgement, and whilst deep down she knew Percy to be deeply manipulated and near hypnotised into this world of perverse submission, she couldn't unhear those words of submission; those pleas to his new mistress. Without thinking, Molly hooked her hands into the handholds and pulled herself forwards, sliding her largely unlubricated cock inwards. It took a little wriggling, a little pressure, to force her way into his tight, unrelenting hole, but soon enough she was inside, her slippery tip guiding the way for unvarnished inch after inch. She didn't care; nothing but moans and groans of pleasure exited her lips, her fat, thick, glorious cock sandwiched within a tight, barely used ass. There was nothing like it. A meek gasp of pain came from the other side of the wall as Percy curbed an immediate outburst, not wanting to lambast his supposed mistress for the lack of pleasure she provided him. His cock shrivelled even smaller between his legs, his grunts falling on deaf ears as Molly drew her hips back, her breasts jiggling and unsettling themselves as she moved, her larger, heavier frame airing on the side of attractive. There was no beating around the bush when it came to Molly Weasley. She was fat. Call her anything else and you're lying. She was hardly a prim and proper model. But she wasn't unattractive. Whilst she was fat, she didn't bulge and sag. Her stomach didn't spill so much as curve in a more natural way, her thighs not riddle with stretch-marks and sag, but instead simply pulled tight across plumper thighs. Her breasts sagged a little but had so much weight and roundness to them that it seemed rather fitting given their fullness. Her arse was something magnificent however. Round, fat, juicy, thick and glorious. Not a hint of sag and a heavenly thing to imagine being smothered between, all of which was rounded of with a thick, throbbing cock. Ginny got her genes from somewhere after all. With her cock firmly set within her son's arse, Molly moaned, her unshaven crotch pressing firmly against his thin bum, her balls smacking against his cheeks as she hugged him deeper. She wasted no time in showing her firmer side, drawing her hips back and slamming forwards, the monumental force causing Percy to gasp and grunt, her body shaking and jiggling in response to the hard, constant pace she set. The sound of her balls smacking against his ass was music to her ears and she only ever dribbled saliva down onto her length when she needed a little extra slickness to facilitate her harder pace and never to ease the comfort of being impaled on such a delicious cock. Percy bit his lip, clenching his fist as he was subjected to whom he presumed was his mistress, using his ass as he very well deserved. Little did he know who was truly in charge of his rear end, hammering and pummelling his tight little ass just how he deserved. Molly had never considered incest as a part of her family. Sure, she had helped Ginny out one time when she was getting to grips with her transition into a witch in need of stimulation, however that was only in the form of a rather awkward and terse handjob. But the idea of fucking her own children was appalling in her more reserved and… thoughtful mind. Yet here and now, with her cock stuffed inside her prat of a son, she found immense pleasure, not only on the simple bliss of fucking someone, but in the erotic satisfaction of the intrinsic relationships she shared with him. Something about butt-fucking one of her children somehow made her tick in a way she never anticipated. She let out low and husky moans, pinning herself against the wall and simply moving her hips. Molly may have been somewhat old, but she had been a force to be reckoned with in her youth. She could fuck like no one else and Percy was quickly discovering just how firm and forceful his mother was, though he was oblivious to that knowledge. Curbing his tongue, he let out pleasure grunts mired with pain, trying his best to remain strong for his mistress, even as she fucked him harder and harder. Mewling somewhat, he took her thrust with a wince, feeling every inch and vein of the thick cock inside of him. His ass hugged them tightly and he could feel it all. Every shifting slip of her thrusting cock was imprinted in his filthy little ass, his hole completely woven around her cock, sandwiched and squeezed up against it, holding her tightly within him and milking her dry. What little pre-cum she spewed into his depths was a welcome sensation, if a fleeting one. The embittered orgasm he had sprayed down his thighs was of little comfort as his mistress appeared to only gain in sheer ferocity, sinking her hands into his taut, pert little ass cheeks and grabbing at what little flesh she could, using that instead of the hand holds to drag him back onto her cock. Whimpers and a yelped escaped his lips, his noises not ones of pleasure, something that Percy rightly feared would anger his mistress, and thus, through gritted teeth and white knuckles, he began to stutter his approval, holding on to what little pleasure his ass would give him, his prostate seeming run dry of all sensation, "Oh… Mistress… Your… Your cock is rea-ah! Really… Lovely… I like it when you-oh… Oh fuck… When... You… You give it to me-ah…oh… oh no… Hard… Oh please… Please… please…" Molly loved her children, but there was something uniquely satisfying about hearing him grovel. Were she in her normal state of mind this would appear abhorrent, yet she was mired by starvation, lack of sleep and proper sexual gratification. And thus, she became somewhat crazed, the smacking her body against Percy's filling the room, drawing Ginny's attention over to her, the younger Weasley's cock twitching with approval. If only she knew who her mother was fucking. Ginny would never have called her mom attractive, but there was something appeared somewhat sexy in how she was fucking the pert little ass in front of her. Quickly shaking her head, she turned back to Luna, the young blonde continuing to rattle inconsequential praise for a woman that had tortured and belittled her. Molly increased her thrusts, in both pace and power, hammering away with relentless passion, jack-hammering into Percy's ass to the point that her pleasure-hazed mind forgot whom she was fucking. To her it was a hole -her hole- to fuck. She kept her more dominant sexual pleasures to herself, never allowing her children to find out about her past or the whips and chains she kept tucked away at the back of the closet. She was never like Bellatrix and always had willing partners. But when she got an okay to be kinky, she went all out. The first time she convinced Arthur into it, the poor bugger couldn't sit down properly for a week. Then as soon as he could, he came back asking if Molly still had that whip. That's when she knew she would marry him. Being dominant came to her naturally, pounding a tight little ass, making a man or woman bend over and take it properly. She loved nothing more than a dutiful young slut bouncing up and down on her cock, milking and servicing her like a good little whore. Of course, she had given up that life long ago. When she got married and settled down, she only had one particular little whore. And she quickly found herself more and more in love with that hapless fool of a Weasley, making it more difficult to make him squirm. She often wondered if she had children, if she would ever have one that got a bit… curious. Bellatrix had chosen her target. She would let the Weasley's have an experiment, whilst she settled a score. Her mansion of pleasure didn't always run smoothly and sometimes there were those in need of punishment. Strutting over to a particularly juicy little ass, she squeezed it softly, smirking as the boy on the other side breathed sharply inwards. Waving her wand, Bellatrix removed the lower part of the wall, allowing her to see the boy's legs and more importantly what lay between them. The wall still existed above his back, hiding his identity. But she knew who he was simply by the little squirm her gave her and that little cock tucked away in it's little cage. Draco Malfoy; her prize bitch, "So Draco dear… have you learnt your lesson after your little escape attempt? You're lucky I didn't make you and your father fuck each other as punishment. Though knowing your family, you'd probably enjoy it. Filthy traitors. Your mother is still serving her time. So… Have you learnt your lesson?" "Yes, mistress… I have…" Draco whimpered as Bellatrix gently rubbed his ass cheeks pulling him backwards and slightly out of the wall. Not enough to see his face, but enough so that she could grab his hips and fuck him properly, not having to croon against the wall like the others. "Is that so? Then you know what you deserve don't you? Tell me?" Bellatrix smiled, scratching her nails along his white skin, leaving red marks across his ass as Draco whimpered, lingering on the verge of tears as she pushed her crotch up against his ass. "To fucked… To be used like the bitch I am…" Draco wept, much to Bellatrix's approval, the woman moaning as her cock throbbed. His grovelling was music to her ears. Hearing those words almost made her spurt there and then. Almost… "You're forgetting something… What do filthy little cock-sluts who betrayed their mistress deserve? What do they deserve to prove their loyalty to their mistress?" Bellatrix snarled, reaching beneath him and tightening the cock-cage an extra notch, the boy gritting his teeth as his cock throbbed against the metal. "To be fucked without lube…" Draco mewled, Bellatrix biting her lip at those words. Drawing her wand, she cleaned her cock dry of all the Delacours spittle, reducing it to its normal bone-dry state. She of course allowed a little pre-cum on her tip to make things easier upon herself; but nothing more. "That is exactly what filthy fucks like you deserve…" Bellatrix growled, resting the head of her cock against Draco's ass and immediately thrusting forwards, giving him no warning, no time to adjust and no room to relax. One second, he had no cock inside him, the next, he had all of her deliciously thick and unlubricated shaft lodged deep in his arse, her balls smacking softly against his cheeks and she firmly pulled him back. The immediate grunt of pain and yelp that came from Draco made Bellatrix grin with pleasure, her cock dripping with pre-cum more than it should have been. She didn't care. This was for her, not him. Pulling back, she unleashed an almost animalistic, maddened, insane flurry of thrusts flying at Draco with viscous snarl. Her hands hooked onto his hips and pulled him back with each thrust, driving herself deeper into his long unprobed arse, fucking him harder and harder, driving more pain and squeals agony from him. Tears burst from Draco as his ass was commandeered by his violent aunt, the woman hell-bent on demolishing his tight rear, pummelling and ruining his ass for anyone and everyone. His cock pulsated against the thin wire cage, spilling pre-cum and the occasional orgasm from his head, the pleasure barely registering in his pain addled body. His muscles seized, with his ass clenching around Bellatrix as she laughed maniacally, her fingernails threatening to pierce his skin. Then, as quickly as she had launch into her pleasurable flurry, she stopped, pulling her cock back until only the tip remained and smiling with malice intent, "Draco dear… Prove how much you love your mistress… I want you to fuck yourself on my delicious cock. Make me cum. Make you dear mistress cum like the dutiful little slut you are. Because that's all you're good for. Making me and me alone cum. You won't ever fuck another woman again… Not unless I say. You are mine. So be a good little toy and make your mistress cum." "Yes… Mistress…" Draco cried, adjusting himself and putting on a brave face. Pushing up onto his hands and knees, Draco bit his lip and pushed backwards, his lips flying open as he forced himself back onto her cock, pushing himself backwards until his bum hit her body. Stopping suddenly, he expected her to explode into him, but the realisation dawned on him that she was nowhere near orgasm. Her cock was nowhere near unloading. That first push was agony upon his ass. And that was the first of hundreds. Whimpering pathetically like the snivelling morsel of sex-fodder he was, he pulled forwards, right up until the tip of cock settled as his asshole, breathing a momentary sigh of relief as his ass was freed of the thick and turgid intruder. It was short-lived as he pushed himself back, bouncing back and forth on Bellatrix's cock, tears streaming down his face as he hoped with every soft and gentle bounce that she would cum. The black-haired witch sat there, content to simply fuck him like this, until… Until a thought came into her mind. There was nothing she enjoyed more than an orgasm. Well, aside from the satisfaction of knowing someone's misery would ensue for a long time. She had a lot of things to do today and she would rest easy knowing that Draco was being punished even without her being present. Pulling out her wand, she summoned a dildo from her collection, one modelled after her own cock. At a timely point, she let her cock slip of out of Draco's ass. "Dear me… Can't have out without my cock. You have to please your mistress. And if… if you let my cock slip out of your ass at any point, well… you'll find out how it feels to be a muggle woman… You'll lose the hook upon which you keep your cage. Is that understood?" Bellatrix asked, swiftly switching her thick and throbbing cock with dildo replica, nestling it up against Draco's asshole and casting a spell to pin it in place. She was wicked, she knew. And that put a smile on her face. Draco Malfoy, bouncing back and forth on a plastic cock, endlessly seeking to make his mistress cum whilst inflicting pain and discomfort upon himself. Why, she often surprised herself with her creativity. She'd have to find someone else to make her cum, but upon second thought, she quickly decided that she would save the honour of Christmas Day's first load to her very own Christmas Present. Leaving Draco to his Christmas Present, Bellatrix turned her attention to Molly and Ginny, smiling as she heard the screams of pleasure and delight from both their willing submissives. Luna was a particular favourite of Bella's, if a little ditzy. She took to her role of worshipping rather theatrically. Made bending her over and jamming a cock down her throat all the more satisfying. Especially when she kept worshipping you with her throat stuffed with cock, her words muffled, vibrating along a saliva streaked cock. She was a special kind of a slut. And then there was Percy; a strange choice, but a welcome one. Bellatrix passed over Percy as another ass for the line; nothing special. A particular groveler. If anything, he asked to be a part of her languishing lair. He simply expected an administrator position. Not a position as a veritable sex-slave at the mercy of the kinkiest witch in the world. Knowing that his mother was the one to break him in however made him ever so slightly more interesting. Just slightly. Not a lot. Gabrielle had gone to her little love-foray. It was cute. Almost romantic. Bellatrix did plan on having the two of them with her in bed one evening. See how well the darling little couple got on when told to pleasure their mistress. Gabrielle was a sure bet on a good orgasm, but the boy… the boy remained to be seen. Ginny was close to orgasm. Luna always had a way of making her cum quickly. Something about those round, plump ass cheeks, bouncing and shaking with each thrust, the moans and sounds she made. It all worked to bring Ginny closer and closer to simply exploding deep inside Luna's ass. A part of Ginny wanted to hold off as long as possible, the same part that had clouded her mind and made her forget exactly where she was. Readjusting herself, she quickly unloaded, draining a rather sizable load deep into Luna's ass; not the first that she had dumped there. Pulling back, she spurted a few strands up and onto the young girl's shapely bottom, the cum dribbling down her cheeks. The load deep inside her ass remained there, Luna endeavouring to keep it inside her, a habit beaten into her by Bellatrix. Suddenly, as Ginny was catching her breath, she felt Bellatrix kneel behind her, whispering like venom in her ear, "That's not a nice way to leave a friend… With cum all over her ass. Be a good girl and lick it up. Now…" Glancing back, Ginny was dragged right back into the situation, realising that she was in-fact imprisoned. The momentary passion of fucking her friend claim her sense, but Bellatrix whipped her right back into shape. Normally Ginny was all about swallowing down loads. She had done it with Dean, happily and easily. But there was always a sort of taboo with one's own load. Never sample your own goods. But with Bellatrix breathing down her neck, Ginny had no choice. Leaning in, she dragged her tongue across Luna's ass, licking away the first strand of cum and shivering at the notion it was her own. Swallowing it, she put it from her mind, turning towards the second and last strand. Licking it clean, she begrudgingly swallowed it before pulling back, Bellatrix gently patting her on the head as she was a dog, all before turning to Percy and Molly. Slamming forwards, Molly unloaded a massive pent-up load deep into Percy's ass. Unused and un-used to it all, Percy's ass immediately flooded. The first torrent of cum that spurted from Molly's cock immediately filled Percy's ass, spilled backwards and shot out of his ass with some fervour, splashing back against Molly's crotch and thighs, much to Bellatrix's delight. Clapping like a schoolgirl, she watched as the next few spurts forced more cum to dribble out of Percy's ass, leaking down Molly's thighs, leaving the older woman in quite a state. Pulling back, she left Percy's arse agape and drenched in cum, the substance flowing from his ass in drips. As she glanced backwards, Molly suddenly came to her senses and realised what she had done, her hands flying to her lips in shock and simply horror. Gasping, she almost wanted to apologise, but found herself silenced by Bellatrix, Molly moved to tears as she realised her moment of weakness. She moved to try and wipe away the cum from her body, the only reminder of her shame, but was stopped by Bellatrix, the black-haired witch grinning as she whispered in Molly's ear, "You'll wear that for the rest of the day. A reminder of how your raped your own son and made him weep. Now both of you, come along. We have one more stop before we see about my Christmas Present. And Gabrielle dear! Someone's got to make sure that all of the asses in the corridor get cleaned. Get about it dear. And only your tongue. I don't want you to enjoy it sweetheart…" Sighing, Gabrielle's moment of elation from spending time with Dennis was destroyed as she was reminded of her mistress's pendulum like morality. Giving Dennis's ass cheeks a soft gentle kiss farewell, Gabrielle moved onto the next ass down, spreading the plump, round arse cheeks of the Hogwarts Flying Coach and getting to work making sure she was nice and clean. Bellatrix, however, pushed through the doors at the end of the corridor, guiding Ginny and Molly through a lavish and plush interior, all the way to the entrance hallway of the Malfoy Manor, now the Lestrange Manor. Nothing had really changed, however Bellatrix stopped, huffing impatiently, "Scabior's late. He's lucky I had plans to do in the meantime. I might have had to return him for additional… discipline. No matter. Weasley's follow me." Turning to the right, they entered another corridor, all before pushing in a large open room. At the opposite end of the room, there were three doors, each one heavily reinforced, yet wide enough that you could move a great deal through them. They opened into cells on the opposite side, with the middle one being larger than the two adjacent. However, Molly and Ginny's interests were not in the doorways at the opposite end, but instead at the walls. They were lined, each and every inch of them, with sex toys and implements of torture. Whips, chains, paddles, spikes, chastity-cages, vibrators, dildos, butt-plugs, vices, gags, everything a demented sexual psychopath could desire. Even a few monstrous dildos that bore no place in sex. They were massively oversized, standing at twenty, thirty, even forty inches, all of them almost comical in size, yet in the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange, no doubt they were rather… fitting and prudent toys. She bounced around the room, with glee, almost thrilled to be back in here. Pulling away her latex overcoat, she tossed it to one side, letting free her extraordinary lingerie and all its accompanying intricacies. Breathing openly, she produced her wand, conjuring from the wall a large black table, the woman the darting around the room selecting her objects of torture and misuse for the day. Several silver dildos and butt-plugs, all of varying sizes, several gags that removed the ability to close one's mouth, three chastity cages, and her personal favourite whips, chains and paddles, of which had bumps or other ways of inflicting additional… discomfort as Bellatrix would put it, "Right, ladies. Are you ready to meet one of my personal… obsessions? I seek to create and perfect… fuck-slut. The perfect bimbo to parade around as the pinnacle of personal sex toys. It just so happened that I was offered an exceptional proposal from a close family member. She was… very disloyal to my regime. The entire family are disloyal dogs. They abandoned the Dark Lord when he fell. And they tried abandon me. Perhaps, you ought to take this as a warning. A warning as to what will happen if you cross me in a manner that leaves me furious. I will not hesitate to put you as next on the lest to be my personal test-subject in my endeavours to create the perfect fuck-slut. Is that understood?" With a flick of her wand, she opened the left-most door, before gesturing towards it. Another flick later and a body was levitated out, with both Ginny and Molly's eyes widening and their jaws hitting the floor. It was Narcissa Malfoy, completely naked with her arms and legs spread in a cross. Hovering her in the centre of the room, Bellatrix gestured them to come closer and admire her handiwork. Narcissa wasn't just hanging there. No, her mouth, ass and… pussy, were all in use. To put it lightly. However, what drew both the redhead's eyes was Narcissa's chest and arse. The blonde woman never struck them as particularly well endowed in those areas, and at most angles she was quite pert as opposed to plump. Yet Bellatrix had obviously enhanced the woman, puffing her breasts into round, fake tits, each capped of with tiny pink nipples, permanently hardened. Her cock, had been removed with the magical potion and with even experimentation and high enough doses, Bellatrix had rendered the transformation permanent, replacing her fat-cocked sister, with a prim-pussy whore. Her arse was exceptionally round and juicy, a preference of Bellatrix's. She liked something to hold onto and drag back onto her long, luscious cock . Her mouth was stretched wide, jammed with several thick dildos, all of which were pushing in and out, saliva pouring down her chin, her body streaked with sweat from her arduous training. Her head had been tugged back just enough for her neck to be on show and they could see all of the dildos bulging against her throat, even the slightest details imprinted in her gullet. A similar treatment had been gifted to her arse and pussy, with five or six dildoes thrust inside each of them, stretching them to the limits. Whilst Bellatrix would have normally been concerned about wearing her girls too loose, she came into possession of several spells, potions and items that allowed her to engorge her naturally large cock to an even larger one, perfectly suiting her desires. So, luckily -at least for her- she able to stretch and maul her sister's ass and pussy until they were trained. The blonde was dripping, her body coated in arousal, saliva and sweat, having been stuck in that room, in this position for however long. Ginny and Molly winced at the state of her, watching her holes morph to accommodate the thick lengths she shoved inside them. To both their surprise however, she appeared to be asleep. Or unconscious due to exhaustion, her body pushed to it's limits and having broken. Much to Bellatrix's delight. Summoning her particularly favourite horse-whip, she pawed it in her hands, all before cracking it across Narcissa's breasts, waking her instantly, " You'll sleep when I tell you, whore! You'll bend like the bitch I know you are! On your knees!" A flick of her wand later, and Narcissa crashed to the ground, the dildos all slipping out of her holes, allowing her a chance to breathe as she knelt on all fours next to her sister. Gasping and coughing up saliva, Narcissa suddenly stopped as Bellatrix rose the tip of the whip to her chin and drew it along her jawline, circling the woman with a grin on her face, "How may I serve you, Mistress?" "Good, you remember your manners. I am trying to show my guests the meaning of loyalty. So, I want you to crawl over to them, kiss the tips of their cocks, make their cocks hard, and tell them how pleased you are for everything I've done you for you, and how you will be my servant forever. How I saved you from a life of degeneracy and made you into what you truly deserve to be. Tell them… Or… Or I'll be forced to give you back to the giants for the weekend," Bellatrix ordered, walking around to Narcissa's rear and lightly spanking her arse to set her in motion. Falling onto all fours Narcissa made her way over to Ginny and Molly, crawling as fast as she could for fear of being back in the forest. When she wasn't servicing giants, they handed her off to their pet centaurs, the rowdy bastards making her arse cheeks clap for hours on end. She couldn't clear the taste of horse cum from her mouth for weeks. She grew to relish and enjoy being selected for Mistress Bellatrix's morning breakfast blowjob as it meant she could clear her palette of the stuff. Even if only for a while. Arriving at the Weasley's, she wrapped her hands around the base of their softened shafts, giving their cocks a quick tug before leaning in and kissing each of their tips. Kneeling between them, presenting her arse as she was taught to even when there was no one to present it to. Jerking them off, she began to speak about how much she loved her mistress. "Madame Lestrange has taught me just how worthless I am compared to her magnificence. I'm not worthy enough to own a cock, not when compared to the luscious brilliance that is hers. With a cock like hers, mine was only worthless. I am happy she has replaced it with another worthless fuck-hole for her to use for her own pleasure. It is my purpose. I was a fool to think that I could serve my family, the Dark Lord, and the rightful Mistress in any other way than being a pathetic fuck-pig. I am glad that I no longer eat normal meals and instead only drink the seed of the Mistress or any of her guests. I am as I should be, a perfect living sex-toy and I will serve my purpose until the day I die. When Mistress hurts me, I know she feels pleasure and thus so do I. I am willing to do anything, suffer any pain, do anything for my mistress…" Narcissa spoke, her words filled with emotion and passion, her submissive nature made entirely clear. Molly and Ginny both hated how their cocks rose in her hand, hardened at her words. They hated the malicious grin on Bellatrix's face. "Anything?" Bellatrix snarled, pushing her fingers together and thrusting one of her hands sharply and swiftly between her fuck-pig's legs. Narcissa grunted as Bellatrix's fingers pushed easily inside her gaped pussy, the woman easily forcing her fist into her hole, right up to the wrist. Breathing heavily, Narcissa thought that was all, but she began to feel Bellatrix's push forwards, forcing her hand deeper and deeper into the woman, sinking her fist further inside her slut, wearing her like a worthless fucking glove. Bellatrix savoured the tight, warm, clutching depths that sandwiched her arms, finally drawing herself to a close as her elbow rested against Narcissa's folds. Letting her gather herself for a moment, Bellatrix under-cut her calm by flexing her fist, clenching and unclenching it, making sure her sumptuous nails scratched against her insides. Breathing deeply, Narcissa ignored the immense pain and pleasure, knowing that it was not her place to focus on such emotions and sensations. Even if she was boiling in lava, it was her duty to answer her lady's questions post-haste and with immediacy, things she was currently failing to do. "Anything, Madame Lestrange. If you wish me to starve myself to death, I will. If you want me to suck your cock for an entire week, you need only feed it down my useless throat. If you wish me to personally pleasure every pure-blood wizard in the world, I would ask only the leave of your presence to do so. I am yours. My holes are yours," Narcissa recited, much to the distinct glee of Bellatrix. Slowly, Bellatrix withdrew her hand from her sister's depths, drawing her slick, slippery arm out from the woman's cunt. Assuming that she had proven herself, Narcissa made a fatal, fatal error and an all too common assumption when it came to pleasuring her mistress. She assumed that Bellatrix was done. She wasn't. The thing with the black-haired Lestrange witch, was that thinking she would stop at a hundred lashes of the whip was foolish. There would always be one last twist, one last push of the knife. She knew how to make her subjects weep and grunt and grovel. A fist up her cunt was child's play in the way of Bellatrix. After all, Narcissa did have one last hole… Gasping as she felt Bellatrix's pinched digits resting against her asshole, Narcissa closed her eyes and gritted her teeth, distracting herself from the sensation and focussing on jerking of Molly and Ginny who were both rock-hard at this point and watching with equal parts intrigue and disgust. Narcissa's ass had been fucked so hard and so often that it was constantly agape, meaning that Bellatrix could easily push herself inside, easing her entire fist into the woman's arse, her hole tightening around her wrist. And just like before, that wasn't enough. She needed to properly push Narcissa into new realms of painful pleasure, driving the woman's arse into new places that she didn't know existed. There was still so much perverse stuff that Bellatrix wanted to wrought upon her sister, that this was only the beginning. Inch after inch of her thankfully lubricated arm pushed inside Narcissa's asshole, Bellatrix exploring deeper into her hole with her constantly flexing and unflexing hand. Breathing steadily, Narcissa cleared her head and focussed on jerking, waiting for Bellatrix to seat her entire arm inside her ass, nestling it right up to her elbow. Finally, it happened, her sister wearing her like a puppet. Grabbing Narcissa's hair, Bellatrix pulled her head sharply back, snarling into her blonde bimbo's face. Forcing her lips apart, Bellatrix dribbled a mouthful of saliva into Narcissa's throat, focussing her to swallow it under the watchful eyes of her sister and the glaring eyes of the Weasleys. With a smile wider than her face, Bellatrix asked, "Anything…" "Anything, Madame Lestrange. If you wish me to starve myself to death, I will. If you want me to suck your cock for an entire week, you need only feed it down my useless throat. If you wish me to personally pleasure every pure-blood wizard in the world, I would ask only the leave of your presence to do so. I am yours. My holes are yours," Narcissa recited through clenched teeth. Pulling her hand sharply out of Narcissa's ass, Bellatrix conjured a bubble of soapy water and ran it across her arm, cleaning the woman from herself. Enlarging it, she levitated Narcissa and passed the blonde through the soapy water, all before casting the water into a nearby basin and letting her sister stand up. Soaked, Narcissa found herself swiftly dried and applied with make-up. Beautified, Narcissa stood there, her hands clasped in front of her. Summoning a metal collar, with a chain at the back, Bellatrix forced Narcissa into it. A second metal band was forced around Narcissa waist, to which the chain was attached. A second, smaller chain was then attached by nipple-clamps to Narcissa's breasts, the woman then being pushed towards the side of the room, "Congratulations, slut. You've been promoted to my assistant for the day. Don't forget your usual duties and by assistant, I mean chief fuck-slut. Don't even begin to assume you are my equal. My servant, my submissive. That's what you are. Go and check if Scabior has arrived. If he has, escort him and the prisoners in here. If he touches you, I wish you to clasp your hands behind your back when you come in. Go…" Narcissa walked of with purpose, forgetting everything that had just happened; her torture and humiliation; and simply went about doing the woman's business. Waiting patiently, Bellatrix simply stood in the middle of the room, her whip in her hand, gently stroking it. The Weasleys felt like this was something big but didn't quite know. Suddenly, the door opened and Scabior sauntered in, chewing on gum as he gestured for his lackeys to follow. Three figures were dragged in with sacks over their heads and their hands bound behind their backs. Two men and a woman. Forced in front of Bellatrix, they were forced to kneel in a line at their mistress's feet. Narcissa walked back in and to her mistress's side, hands clasped behind her back. Sighing, Bellatrix turned to Scabior and smiled, "How did you find them? I'm curious?" "Easy weren't it? Stupid buggers were in the woods having a shag. Thought they did their protective charms properly but missed a couple. We found the bint bent over between the blokes, being spit-roasted. Lucky devils. A girl like that…" Scabior chuckled, his men keeping silent as they knew the wrath of the black-haired witch, "But as you ordered; nobody's touched them. Had to geld a few bastards who tried to cop a feel, but they're untouched." "Speaking of copping a feel… Expelliarmus! Diffindo! And Incarcerous!" Bellatrix bellowed, turning her wand towards Scabior and casting three spells succinctly. The first threw his wand to one side, whilst the second shredded his clothing, revealing his tattooed, gaunt form. The last bound his hands behind his back, the man startled and surprised. Another flick of her wand and she gagged him, "Touch my sister again and I'll make you a permanent addition to my collection. Narcissa, see to it that Scabior is placed in the public use contraption. Remember the blindfold. Don't want any of his comrades to be embarrassed about making an example of him. Return once you're done. You there! In the hood. You'll take over Scabior's roles. Go now! Leave me!" Narcissa grabbed Scabior and led him out of the room, followed by his lackeys in close succession. The doors slammed shut, leaving Bellatrix and the Weasleys alone with the three prisoners. Ginny had an inkling as to who they were but didn't dare indulge those thoughts. Not only because it meant that they were finally captured, but that also… her beloved had… cheated on her. Unfortunately… her guess was very much correct. Even without removing the hoods, Molly knew. To make such an occasion of it meant only one thing. They had finally been caught. All hope of a revolution had been quelled and Bellatrix had won. They had lost. Standing in the middle of the room, Bellatrix took a moment to savour it, to breathe the air of her triumph, "Finally…" Lifting her wand, Bellatrix cast silently the severing charm and worked her way along the first boy's body, cutting through his clothing, revealing his toned chest and his muscular legs. As the jeans fell away, his boxers cut in two, Bellatrix revealed a soft pink cock, nestled amidst a nest of fiery red pubic hair: a Weasley trademark. Next, Bellatrix moved to the woman, leaving the boy in the centre for last. Cutting through her tank-top, she revealed her soft, round breasts. Glancing down at the woman's forearm, Bellatrix saw the mark of their last meeting, the word 'mudblood' etched into her skin. Scarred, but visible. Bellatrix would be sure to brand her far worse this time. Cutting through her jeans and panties, Bellatrix revealed the woman's hardened cock, the young girl obviously not relieved of her burden from when she and her comrades were fucking. Truly sad, but it did mean that the snatchers didn't take the liberty of relieving her. With her stripped, she moved onto the final one. His thin, nimble frame was revealed. His toned chest and abs, all too familiar to Ginny. She held out hope, but as his jeans were cut, his boxers snipped, she immediately recognised him, his cock all too familiar to the young girl. Breathing in sharply, Ginny's eyes welled up as she turned to her mother, pulling close and burying her head in her shoulder. Molly understood and cradled her daughter close, watching as Bellatrix grinned. With one final whip of her wand, all three of the bags over their heads flew off and their faces were revealed. Dumbledore's finest, The Golden Trio; Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley, and Hermione Granger. Naked and finally at the mercy of Bellatrix Lestrange, the true Dark Lady. Before they could get their bearings, Bellatrix cast three blindfolds across their faces. Whilst her desires was to break and bend them post-haste, there was an opportunity that she wanted to capitalise on. "Welcome! Harry, Ron and Hermione… You've finally joined me. Don't get up, don't get up. You three have proven to be exceptionally difficult to track down. And do you know what. You've missed out on rather a lot. But I've dreamed of this moment for so, so long… And well, we have many long and fruitful nights ahead of us. Truly. Where to begin, where to begin, where… to… begin…" Bellatrix smiled, pacing back and forth, the three of them unable to speak due to their gags. Turning back around towards Molly and Ginny, she held a finger to her lips before threatening to slice their throats, all with a gesture. Holding their tongues, they watched as Bellatrix traced her horse-whip along each of their cocks, hoping to elicit some form of a reaction from the boys, but not being able to, "It's Christmas, so I have a few plans. A few fantasies that you can all help me with. I'll spare you the… initial hurling of abuse and vicious paddling. You know me. I know you. We can dispense with the niceties and the warming up so to speak. So, no playful lashes with the whip and forceful fucking… No, we are going to go right to fifth date material. I've a couple guests and they are going to… practice with you… Before we get to my Christmas Present and boy is it a beautiful one." Walking across the room, Bellatrix tore Ginny from her mother, tears still flooding down her face as she was dragged by Bellatrix towards Harry. The two stopped just shy of him and out of earshot enough that they could whisper, and Harry couldn't hear his girlfriend's incessant mewling. Standing behind her, Bellatrix pulled her body up against Ginny's, pulling the redhead tightly against her own body, her cock slipping up between Ginny's ass cheeks as her soft supple breasts imprinted on her back. Sliding her hands down to Ginny's, she used the young girl's pliable state to force the whip into her hand. Confused, Ginny glanced behind her to Bellatrix and through tear-flooded eyes, whimpered, "Why are you doing this?" "Why? Dear… Did you not hear Scabior? Your boyfriend doesn't love you… He didn't mount a rescue. He was busy shagging in the woods. I'm not trying to say I'm any better, but I don't profess to love you. I'm not professing to love to. I'm your Mistress after all. You are the one that does the loving. But… I'm offering you this chance, not as your mistress, but as a woman. I've been betrayed by lovers, family and the such. I feel your pain. Inside these doors, inside this room, we can dispel with formality. I'm no longer your mistress and you are no longer my property. You are Ginny Weasley. As soon you step out of here, you are mine again. So, I am giving you the chance to set your affairs in order. The man you loved, you adored, you spent days begging him to save you… Had no intention of doing so. I bet… He doesn't even think of you now. He thinks of the mudblood whore over there… So, forget about him. About his false promises and make him regret crossing you," Bellatrix whispered in Ginny's ears, slowly curbing the sniffles as Ginny clenched her fist around the whip, still uncertain, still unsure, "Go on… He deserves it. You know he does…" "But I love him…" Ginny murmured, wiping the tears from her eyes as she was ensnared in Bellatrix's twisted words, wound into her web. Staggering back and forth, she looked down at Harry's face and saw nothing but stern indifference. "All the more reason… He broke your heart. But now… Now you can break him…" Bellatrix whispered in her ear, before slinking over to the side of the room, watching Ginny's trembling fingers clutch the handle of the whip. Her eyes ran along the leather shaft, down to the tip, her tears ceasing and a look of confidence on her face. "Do you love me?" Ginny asked Harry, grabbing his chin and forcing him to look up at her, through empty unseeing eyes. Unsure of what was happening, Harry, with heightened emotions and fear, assumed that it was Bellatrix speaking. That it was Bellatrix threatening him. Even though their voices were slightly different, he never considered it could be Ginny. "No, you crazy, deluded bitch. And I never will," Harry snarled through gritted teeth, unwittingly committing to a punishment and abuse that would leave him bruised and battered beyond belief. Bellatrix could be brutal, but nothing matched the ire of a broken heart. Her emotions ruled her entirely and despite her best efforts to remain level headed, it all just seemed too appealing. To vent her frustrations, her sorrow, her anger, all without the repercussion of Harry knowing. All without actually confronting it. Gripping the whip tighter, she lifted it and with one smooth, cracking strike, brought it across his cheek, sending him flying to the floor, colliding with the carpet as a red welt rose in his cheek. Breathing heavily, Ginny staggered backwards, almost breaking free of the haze, only to back into the arms of Bellatrix, who with a sinister smile, reaffirmed her position. "Remember. What happens in this room, stays… You could whip him bloody and walk out of here without anyone but us knowing better… he is your toy, your plaything… Do what you want with him. Make him bend to your will…" Bellatrix murmured in Ginny's ear, playfully biting at his earlobe as Ginny's face relaxed once more and she brought the whip firmly down on Harry's back, ignoring her opportunity to fight back against Bellatrix, all for one momentary flight of fancy. It was in that moment, that crack of the whip, that Bellatrix knew she had Ginny in the palm of her hand, broken to her will; a new toy for the collection. Again, and again, the whip was brought down onto Harry's back, singing into his skin, eliciting restrained grunts through gritted teeth. A tear formed in Ginny's eye as she worked over the initial frustration, whipping his back harder, turning it a deep and ruby red. Breathless, she staggered backwards, holding the whip in her hand as she swept her hair back over her head. Instead of stopping, she grinned, wiping her eyes and lunging back forwards, raising her whip above her head and bringing it down on those pert, round little bum cheeks. She had fucked those cheeks countless times, pounded his pert little arse for hours on end. She had always been a little dominant, yet she had never been able to go beyond a few spanks to his worthless ass. Now, she could turn it into the blisteringly red arse that she had fantasised about for years. Striking his ass cheeks in equal measure, she stopped after each one to savour the grunt through gritted teeth that occurred, the boy wincing through each firm and painful strike. Slowly, Ginny's cock began to twitch and throb, pre-cum beading on the tip, rolling along her cock, flooding with her arousal. Moaning softly to herself between hits, she watched his ass begin to burn, the idea of whipping him causing her heart to pound. She imagined herself, peeling apart those ruby red cheeks, splitting the scarlet halves in two and fucking his tight ass, all the while adding to the lava-like heat that pulsated beneath the skin. Oh, the thought alone made her grin. Ignoring Bellatrix, her mother, Ron and Hermione, she lost herself in her own world of pleasure. Her own fantasy. "And what about you, Mrs Weasley. You dominated one son, why not another? Don't tell me you've never thought about it. Never wondered how they would… taste. Or perhaps, you were of the mindset that they would be doing the tasting? I can see you staring at Ginny, wishing you two were together again. Like in your cell… You don't have to be firm with Ronald. Not if you don't want to. You could whip him senseless, or just fuck him hard…" Bellatrix murmured in Molly's ear as the woman divided her attention between Ginny and Ron, her incestuous desires and thoughts taking hold of her. She thought cumming in Percy would satiate it, but it only enhanced it, made it stronger. Watching Ginny's ass jiggle as she walked, or Ron's cock twitch at the crack of the whip, just made her horny. She didn't want to demolish Ron like she did Percy. But she wanted to fuck him. Softly, hard, fast, slow. It mattered not. She just wanted him. Suddenly, her cock twitched, Bellatrix's hand lunging towards it as it did so, the woman smiling, "Throbbing at the thought of it? He won't even know it's you… Ignore Ginny, just… Just go and show your son how much you love him… In the only way a good mother knows how. Oh, please, save me that look. Everyone mother wants to and most do. Narcissa's been balls deep in Draco, and you're kidding yourself in dear little mudblood over there hasn't had a go in her filthy muggle-mother's cunt. I'd have sex with my son… Which as your mistress, makes your desires not only normal, but a must. So, go… This is the only thing I'm not going to force you to do. It's your decision. I'll make you lick my arse, clean Harry with your tongue… hell, I'd even force you to castrate yourself. If I wanted. But I won't make you fuck your son. That is all you. But I know you want to…" Like the devil on her shoulder, Bellatrix wound her way into Molly's mind. It was the perfect opportunity. Hands-on, full access sex with one of her children, without them knowing. It was… too appealing to just ignore. Molly breathed deeply, glanced over at Ginny and quickly came to terms with the fact that she would be able to get away with it. If she shagged Ron, Ginny would hardly be able to call her out for it as Molly in turn could turn the tables. Conceding to those natural urges, Molly walked over to Ron, admiring his naked body, his soften cock, toned muscles and soft plump lips. Grabbing his chin softly between her thumb and fore-finger, she tilted it back, looking him in the blindfolded eyes and assuring herself he'd never know. Running a thumb along his bottom lip, she folded his lip down and felt the soft, slick inside of his mouth and knew instantly that there was no turning back. As morally objectional as it was, she couldn't help but grab the base of her cock in one hand and gently rub the head of her cock along his lips, smearing them with the copious amounts of pre-cum that she had produced, rendering them slick and glossy and procuring a grunt of defiance from Ron. Ginny did get her more dominant traits from somewhere and Molly didn't deny that the grunt from Ron did make her cock twitch with a carnal pleasure. Normally, she subdued that sensation whenever she had felt it in her home-life, yet she didn't have to or want to in this situation. Her cock was thrust against her son's lips and her morals abandoned her. Pushing up against Ron's lips and forcing her cock harder against them, Molly encountered the fact that her son was unwilling to budge his teeth. Bellatrix, eager to have Molly descend into levels of depravity that she could admire, intervened, "Open your lips, or I will personally ensure that Hermione makes every single on of my inner council cum twice a day. If you two ever see each other again, her ass will be so gaped that you'll be able to fit your two fists and your cock up there would her so much as noticing." That cracked Ron, the boy's lips instantly parting, his jaw relaxing and his mouth opening wide to take his mother's cock. Of course, that fact was still obscured to him, but Molly didn't care. With his mouth open, she pushed the head of her fat cock into his mouth, his lips wrapping dutifully around it, the warmth of his breath sending shivers down Molly's spine. Slowly, she threaded her hands through his wild hair, pre-cum dropping from her tip and onto his tongue, the boy swallowing it without thinking. Applying a gentle, soft amount of pressure to his head, she pushed the pulsating tip of her cock further inside of his mouth, eventually pressing tightly against his gullet. Under the delusion that if he kept the person in his mouth busy, Hermione would be safe, Ron begrudgingly, but quickly, swallowed the head of the probing shaft, taking it into his throat. Moaning deeply, Molly couldn't believe how willing her son was, even though he was completely coerced. She also marvelled at the fact that he lacked in a gag-reflex, Hermione obviously having drilled that sensation out of the boy long ago. His throat was sumptuously silky, tight and just pure orgasmic. The combination of the physical pleasure and the carnal eroticism that was intertwined with her incestuous desires, made being inside her son's throat immensely pleasurable. Inch after inch pushed into his gullet, his lips being forcibly dragged across her length, pre-cum flooding down his throat as saliva pooled in his mouth, being smeared and lathered across her cock as a warm, delectable lubricant. Molly's eyes rolled shut and she imagined she was back at the Burrow, with Ron being on his knees suckling on her cock as a punishment for him not doing his chores, the red-faced boy dutifully sucking her off as penance for his wrong doing, lovingly working his supple lips across her cock, swallowing down everything she offered him, his cock throbbing between his thighs at the thought of being so intimate with his mother. Her fantasy guided her right to the end, with the last inch pushing inside Ron's well-trained throat, her heavy, cum-laden balls smacking against his chin. Looking down at him, Molly moaned, the sight being to unbearably arousing to ignore, to perfect to cast out of memory. In her mind, she found herself silently thanking Bellatrix for facilitating this situation, all before realising what she was thinking. Her eyes widened, and her heart stopped, Molly realising that Bellatrix had gotten inside her head. Yet, the warmth emanating across her cock turned her frozen heart back to it's rightful place, the woman deciding that perhaps… Just maybe… Bellatrix wasn't that bad. After all, she had given them one hell of a Christmas morning… Brushing aside her thoughts, she focused on her Ronald's throat. Firmly grabbing his head and holding it in place, Molly drew her hips back, holding Ron in place as a backboard for thrusts. Drawing her cock back about half-way, she then leisurely pushed it back in, sliding right up to the base and firmly nested Ron's nose in her pubic hair, forcing his lips firmly against her crotch as her balls softly smacked against his chin. Moaning as she did so, she kept her sounds to a minimum, wanting to retain the façade and not let on to who she was. Not yet at least. Because, in the end, there was a certain appeal to the idea of looking Ron in the eyes, of knowing that he knew what was happening, that they were together in their incestuous forays into the perverse world. She knew that Ron would be against it, yet the idea was still alluring. Though, she would wait for her moment, as much to her surprise, Ron's cock was beginning to harder, beginning to throb between his thighs. She was obviously deferring a certain amount of pleasure to the boy and that was immensely satisfying. She fantasised about whipping away the blindfold, watching Ron's astounded gaze and surprise turn to immense and equal lust, the two of them undoing the bonds and passionately fucking on the floor, their lips entangled in a soft and delicate embrace, their bodies grinding together as mother and son made love. Her fantasy had the capacity to be true, yet she overlooked the fact that Ron was getting hard under the pretence that he was sucking off Bellatrix, and in fact, his arousal was a result of a mismatched fantasy. Bella was in fact a beautiful woman when the murderous insanity was removed. And Ron being the ultimate submissive was in fact turned on by the idea of being at the mercy of the ultimate dominant. A ying and yang. He was feverishly ashamed of that fact, hence his bright red cheeks, but the thought and fantasy lingered none the less. Ginny grew tired of the whip. Whilst each crack was welcome and frankly gloriously beautiful, it lacked what she wanted. To feel. Dropping the whip, she straddled Harry's waist, slapping her cock down between his ass cheeks, using her hands to push those soft little mounds together, creating a tight pocket of flesh that was immensely satisfying. Grinding her cock back and forth, she regularly and rather swiftly brought her two hands down onto his red raw ass cheeks, adding to the tinge with ever darker hand-prints. That made her cock spill pre-cum down between those cheeks, making her fuck all the sweeter. The sensation of his cheeks jiggling from each of her spanks was brilliant. She adored it. Massaging his cheeks for a few seconds before and after each slap allowed her to feel the heat building beneath the skin, to vicariously appreciate the pain that was bringing Harry closer to the verge of breaking. A particular favourite and rather small thing was how it felt for her cock with each spank. Surprisingly, the vibrations from the strike reverberating through her cock, the shaking of his flesh massaging her cock even tighter. It was sublime. It quickly got to the point that Ginny forgot why she was doing it and all the emotional attachment and was simply spanking Harry for the pleasure and delight it brought her. Becoming just like Bellatrix, something that Ginny didn't even come close to confronting. Bellatrix had seen many things in her life that made her moan. But the sight of Ginny and Molly brutalising and breaking their own loved ones was something she couldn't stop watching. Ginny in particular. The way that girl moved, was enthralling. Bellatrix almost began to forget about her blood-traitor status, finding her so gorgeous, so beautiful, that she just wanted her at her side, breaking the bitches they brought before them. She was more of a dominatrix that Pansy, than Narcissa. She spent years searching for an assistant, someone worthwhile; with the ire and drive to dominate, the perverse and kinky practice, and the body to match. Perhaps she had been looking at the wrong side of the fight. Maybe, Ginny was more a dominatrix, more perverted, more brutal than any Slytherin or Death Eater they could find. How times had changed. How they had changed indeed. But none of that changed the fact that there was one prisoner who was being robbed of proper attention. Hermione Granger; a filthy fucking mudblood. Bellatrix slowly sauntered over to her, waving her wand to force a ball gag into the brunette's mouth. Unlike Harry and Ron, Hermione didn't need to be oblivious to the sights of the room. If anything, she needed to see whose hands she was in. And watching Harry and Ron get fucked by their family was something that would be a helpful little addition. Whipping off the blindfold, Bellatrix grabbed Hermione's chin, the young girl quivering in front of her. After being in Bellatrix's hands before, she knew exactly what the woman was capable of. Exactly what would happen. A tear almost welled in her eye as she stared up at the woman who was about to break her. Twisting her head to the side, Bellatrix forced Hermione to watch Molly and Ginny, the young brunette whimpering at the sight of her dearly beloved, and the sight of Harry being so viciously used by his girlfriend. Forced back to look at Bellatrix, Hermione looked through fearful eyes. Running a hand over Hermione's previous wound, Bellatrix smirked, "It seems our last session didn't have an effect on you. Perhaps a more permanent and fitting mark would be better?" Throwing Hermione to the ground, Bellatrix twisted her wand and untied the girl's bonds. Immediately making a run for it, Hermione was tripped up as Bellatrix twisted a rope around her feet. Two separate ropes caught her hands and spread them apart. A table was conjured swiftly, and Hermione was affixed to it, laying face down, her arms spread, and her feet bounce together, plumping up her ass cheeks nicely. Smirking, Bellatrix ran her hands across Hermione's cheeks. Bellatrix's first thought had been to physically brand the young girl, but she wasn't a fan of such torture. The smell was unbearable and unless done on incredibly flat skin, it scabbed in a way that would ruin the mark. Instead, Bellatrix used a spell she had learnt from a unique book confiscated from one of her captives. Lifting her wand, she pictured the previous design she had worked on by professionals and waved her wand once across Hermione's lower back. Opening her eyes, she smiled as black ink began to etch itself into her skin, weaving itself across the young girl's creamy lower back. A heavily stylised tattoo wove across her skin, permanently branding Hermione as Bellatrix's fuck-slut. 'Mudblood Fuck-Slut' the tattoo read, Bellatrix grinning as the tramp stamp forged itself into her skin, making her into a nice little tart for Bella's use. Narcissa wasn't the only one that Bellatrix planned to turn into and train into the perfect little bimbo-fied sex-toy, and Hermione was going to soon join the ranks of busty, cock-sluts that would act as Bellatrix's personal collection of bimbos. Narcissa, Hermione, and a few others that Bellatrix was yet to decide on. She wanted to have a proper little collection, maybe sorted by the different Hogwarts Houses or some other cute little collection. Either way, she had plans. Lots of plans. Running her hands over the woman's new tattoo, Bellatrix moaned. There was something about the permanent nature of it that made her smile. The same feeling came over her when she got rid of Narcissa's cock. The idea of completely altering someone for her own sexual gratification was just… saucy, "Now mudblood… We have unfinished business to attend to. The last time we met, you made a promise. You were going to make me cum. But you left. You abandoned your mistress and now… well, I'm going to do a lot more than force you to make me cum. But… You can make strides towards me forgiving you, by being dutiful. By owning up and making your mistress cum of your own volition. Now how does that sound. Are you going to happily bounce up and down on my cock until I pump you full of my seed? Or am I going to have to make your arse properly gape? I'm more than happy to do it either way. Everyone is defiant in the beginning. They think that if they retain their honour, their self-worth… Well, that they'll be able to escape eventually and be proud that they stood against me. The trouble is… There is no escaping. There is no one out there in the world to save you anymore. You three were the last. I've won. I keep a close watch on everyone. This mansion is more secure than Azkaban. So, either you bend now or suffer immense pain, degradation, humiliation for months on end, and then bend. Save yourself the trouble dear and be a good little slut for your mistress…" Defiant till the end, Hermione shook her head, knowing that she would forever hate herself if she buckled beneath the pressure of the older woman. Her ass was her own and no matter how much pressure was provided she would not buckle beneath the bitch. That wasn't the answer that Bellatrix wanted, and the black-haired witch brought the wrath down upon Hermione swiftly and with immense force. It started with a rough spank to both her ass cheeks, Bellatrix leaving bright red handprints in the girl's flesh, the stinging slaps burning hot within her skin. Bella didn't stop. Not in the slightest. She barely even waited for Hermione's stifled gasp of pain escaped her lips before she sank her fingers into Hermione's bum cheeks, prying them viscously apart. Hooking her fingers into Hermione's ass, Bellatrix's stretched it beyond belief, pulling her fingers to the sides until Hermione's body could stretch no longer. Hermione's body shook and fought against it, only provoking Bellatrix into further brutality. She had started stretching with only two fingers on each hand, yet as she worked Hermione's ass that little bit wider, she added a finger to each, using the newfound stretch to pull Hermione apart even further, morphing her ass into a newly gaped entrance, all without showing any signs of stopping soon. A fourth set of fingers allowed Bellatrix to stretch Hermione even more, the young girl thrashing wildly atop the table, fighting against her bonds, the ropes biting into her wrists and ankles, their tightness almost tearing her skin. However, when Bellatrix managed to get her thumbs inside, Hermione gave up any and all hope of fighting herself free, her arse stretched beyond repair and to such an extent that Bellatrix would have no trouble in fisting the young girl's creamy little butt. Not that resistance would have meant anything to Bellatrix. It was her philosophy that no hole was too tight, just not used enough. And with enough effort, she could bend anyone into taking cocks that they previously thought impossible. Hermione would be no different. So much so, that Bellatrix thought about unsheathing one of the monstrously long and thick cocks from her collection. Properly put Hermione through her paces. Either that or dramatically enlarge her own cock so that she could personally verify just how loose Hermione had become. That and sample the pleasure that a filthy mudblood could provide. They may be pathetic, worthless excuses for Witches and Wizards, but even Bellatrix couldn't deny that they could be soft on the eyes and pleasurable for the cock. That was their only use in the Wizarding World. At least in Bellatrix's Wizarding World. She had plans to open brothels in which mudbloods and select muggles would work as prostitutes for the more important. The room was filled with absolutely delicious sounds. From the muffled grunts of Hermione, struggling against the ball gag as her ass was torn in two by Bellatrix, the woman moaning as the girl's ass threatened to tear in two, to the wet sloppy slaps of Molly Weasley, casually and lovingly fucking her own son's throat, relishing and delighting in the succulent slurping sounds come from her new favourite hole. Then there were the chorus of grunts and slaps that came from Ginny and Harry, the young girl abusing the boy's rear end endlessly and managing to stir a smile of appreciation and admiration from Bellatrix as the black-haired witch salivated over Hermione's now gaping arse, the woman attempting to slip her fingers deeper inside, planning on fisting the young girl in order to make her point. She would have Hermione bouncing happily upon her cock by the end of the hour and that mere thought made her excited. She had such hopes for the young girl and with some work, perhaps she would prove an even bigger slut that her dear whore of a sister. Slowly, Bellatrix let one of her hands push forwards, the other one being used to keep Hermione's asshole agape. It took little to no effort to push her fist into Hermione's ass, only the young brunette wasn't afforded the same liberty as Narcissa and was forced to accept the bulbous fist with no lubrication. However, following the torture of Bellatrix stretching her to her limits, Hermione was pleasantly welcoming of the feeling of her hole tightening around Bellatrix's wrist. It may have been intrusive and incredibly painful, but her tight ring was given a small amount of relief for the briefest of moment. Tears flooded from her eyes, the young girl openly weeping as Bellatrix fisted her plump ass. Hermione was no stranger to large cocks and had surprisingly experimented once with the act of fisting, yet that was done with enough lube to oil up the entirety of Hogwarts. Having Bellatrix pushed inside her completely dry was something that tormented and terrorised her, her ass aching in a way that was completely new. And before she knew it, Bellatrix began to push forwards, sinking more of her arm into Hermione's ass, even as she violently thrashed on the table, kicking her legs erratically as Bellatrix worked herself deeper inside. She pushed forwards a couple inches, only to slowly pull back and gently force herself deeper, building up a momentum that caused Hermione to howl and shriek through her gag, silently begging for any opportunity in which she would be given some form of relief. Unfortunately, when Bellatrix slowly pulled her fist out of Hermione's asshole and washed it up, the relief was short-lived and ultimately with a purpose. "Now, mudblood… Why don't you reconsider your previous answer?" Bellatrix smiled, conjuring up a chair and sitting down into it, gently jerking her cock off as Hermione's bonds undid themselves. Her hands were quickly tied behind her back, Hermione given the freedom to move, but not to move entirely. The young brunette knew exactly what Bellatrix meant and as pre-cum glistened on the head of Bella's cock, Hermione felt herself move off the table, staggering onto unsteady feet. The pain that she had just endured was unbearable and still lingered in her body despite only having lasted a couple minutes. She didn't want to feel that again and wanted nothing more than to simply be tossed in a cell to rot. She wanted to go underneath Bellatrix's radar and just get forgotten about, lest she get reduced to more torture like that. And to do that, she needed to submit. Submit entirely. Bowing her head with shame, she walked over to Bellatrix and slowly straddled the woman's chair, allowing Bella to guide the head of her thick and throbbing cock up towards her asshole. As Hermione moved to sink downwards however, Bellatrix stopped her, "Ah, wait… A little treat. It is Christmas after all…" Lifting her wand, Bellatrix summoned an all too familiar object. A silver ring. Holding it in her hand, Bellatrix made sure that Hermione saw it, all before slipping it down and around the base of her cock. Gasping as the cock suddenly enlarged and pushed harder against her gaping arse, Hermione tried to curb her quivering lip, the tears beading on her eyes. Normally, such a sight would turn someone off, but it made Bellatrix moan. It was the most arousing thing in the world and she couldn't wait to watch orgasm after orgasm writhe across those trembling lips. She had committed to her submission and thus Hermione couldn't readily back away. Besides, she had come this far, and Bellatrix was dead-set on fucking her and fucking her hard. At least like this, Hermione would be able to control the pace somewhat and not get completely and utterly rammed. Breathing heavily, she consoled herself, calming down and letting the tears in her eyes run dry, all before staring ahead of herself and ignoring anything Bellatrix said or implied with her lustful stare. It was another cock to bounce on. That was all. Nothing but a simple carnal pleasure that Hermione had indulged in for years now. What did it matter who it belonged to or how big it was? That had never factored into her decision making previously and so she should meet Bellatrix with same conviction. Even if the act of allowing herself to get fucked by someone so intrinsically repulsive was completely sordid within itself. Bellatrix wished she could hear Hermione's thoughts, knowing full well that the mental gymnastics she was performing at this moment were undoubtedly a delicious addition to the intimate passion of the moment. Slowly, Hermione pushed herself downwards, the monstrous head of Bellatrix's now massively engorged tip thrusting right up against her ass. Had she not been previously stretched, she may very well have put up a fight, but as her ass lay wide open, it took only a small amount of wriggling upon Bella's part to slip the head of her throbbing cock into the young girl's clutching ass, experiencing the tight mudblood rear that had been so famously fucked by almost everyone at Hogwarts. Finally, Bellatrix could savour her delectable ass and she was far from disappointed. Perhaps it was her magically enlarged cock or the erotic nature of fucking Hermione Granger, but it was simply heavenly for the black-haired witch to have her cock enveloped in such a gorgeous and silky arse. Moaning gently before biting her lip, Bellatrix gently squeezed and fondled Hermione's breasts, pinching her nipples playfully as Hermione proceeded to slowly force herself down and along her cock. It was relatively easy for Hermione to slip the shaft inside herself, the copious amounts of pre-cum flooding from the woman's tip acting as sufficient lubricant thankfully. After years of hardcore sex at Hogwarts, her ass was hardly tight on its own, and whilst the majority of the ache was brought about because of her previous torment, there was still a distinct twinge of pain from the size of Bellatrix's cock. And then, she hit her prostate. Stopping suddenly, Hermione stifled a moan, immediately blushing as she realised what was happening and that she was feeling a small amount of pleasure from it. Her body betrayed her and despite her best efforts, Bellatrix noticed, grinning wildly as she leant forwards and began to dance her tongue back and forth across the young woman's nipples, gently flicking them with her tongue as Hermione fought the urge to let her pleasure become audible. Continuing to slide downwards, she gritted her teeth, the woman's fat cock sandwiching her sensitive sweet-spot against the side of her ass, milking her dry for as much pleasure as humanly possible. Despite her best efforts, she still couldn't bring herself to not feel anything and eventually let out a hoarse and muffled moan, all before having her nipple sharply bitten by Bellatrix, the pain bringing Hermione back to her senses. Fighting it once more, she slammed her ass down the last few inches, resting her bum on Bella's legs, giving herself a moment to adjust and begrudgingly listening to Bellatrix's sumptuous moans of pleasure as she overexaggerated the sensations her cock was feeling. It was immensely pleasurable to watch the young girl fight the urge, but she was a slut. A whore. She had taken cocks big and small and there was always one constant. Hermione loved it. She loved being fucked and fucking, finding it difficult to not enjoy being fucked. So being presented with a situation where she should so obviously be appalled by it, she couldn't help but find herself moaning like a common-street-whore working out her daddy issues on a Saturday night, and thus hating herself for it. As she began to slide herself back along Bellatrix's cock, she began to look elsewhere, fixing her eyes straight ahead and simply bouncing robotically up and down. Taking immense issue with this, Bellatrix grabbed Hermione's chin and forced her to look down at her, magically unfastening the ball-gag, all before lunging up and kissing her, her lips pushing against hers firmly, her tongue plunging itself into Hermione's throat, startling the young girl. Her other hand grabbed Hermione's hips and forced them sharply down onto cock. The ensuing moan that forced itself up from deep in her belly, echoed through Bellatrix's mouth, sending shivers to the black-haired witch's core. Pulling back, she cackled, playfully slapping Hermione's cheek before hissing at her to get back to it. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, Hermione began to instinctively bounce up and down, further working her asshole and gaping it to new extremes, starting bounce along her mistress's cock like a good, dutiful little slut. If anything, Bellatrix was a little disappointed at how easy it was. She was hoping to have to properly relent on Hermione, but she broke rather simply. So much for being the biggest slut Hogwarts owned, she broke like any other student. She was hardly a sexual deviant, not when compared to the true queen dominatrix of the world. But still, it was nice to hop right to the pleasurable part and force Hermione to get fucking like a good whore. And she had a rather good movement to her, working her mistress's cock like she was born to do so. Hermione may well have been the best addition to her collection in a long, long time. Across the room, Molly had begun to properly fuck Ronald's throat, hammering her hips back and forth, fucking his gullet firmly and with a fair bit of assertion. Her balls collided with his chin vigorously, adding another dimension of pleasure as she rolled her eyes closed and lost herself in her perverse fantasies of her home life. Once again, she was back at the Burrow, only instead of simply disciplining Ron, she had all of her children knelt down before her, all of them politely and dutifully waiting for their turn. When they could, Ginny or Percy would slip beneath her and suckle on her balls, making sure to attend to their mother with a degree of loving passion. Fred and George would be playfully debating as to whom would have the luxurious pleasure of being the first to be lovingly fucked by their mother. Molly imagined herself being virile enough to satisfy each of her children's sex drives, easily pounding each of them into their orgasm all before making sure each of them got a healthy dose of her sumptuous cum. Opening her eyes, she was met with the glorious sight of Ron's lips speared on her cock and she couldn't help herself. She reached towards the wall and grabbed a nearby ball-gag. Pulling her cock slowly out of Ron's mouth, she fastened the ball-gag in place, tightly making sure that her son couldn't speak, all before ripping away the blindfold and letting him look up at his mother. His eyes widened with glee as he saw her face, all before looking downwards and seeing her cock, slick with his saliva and being worked along by her soft hands, gently jerking and milking herself for pleasure. The look in his eyes softened and he realised that he wasn't about to be saved by his own mother, but instead, he was being dominated by her. His eyes went over to Hermione, watching as she bounced on Bellatrix's cock, her lips parted in a soft and supple moan, then over at Harry, only to see him getting dominated by his sister. Lost for words and completely baffled, he was further shocked as his mother pushed him onto the ground, his hardened cock pinned beneath him. Confused, he only caught on as she sank onto her knees and straddled his arse, preparing to fulfil one of her longest-lasting fantasies. Slapping her cock between her darling son's juicy little butt, she sandwiched each of his cheeks together, wrapping them tightly around her cock and thrusting gently back and forth, dribbling a small amount of saliva down between them to slightly slicken things. Drawing herself back and forth, she then angled her cock perfectly, so that as she thrust forwards, she speared herself into his ass, sinking herself all the way in with a single thrust and discovering that her darling little boy, was a massive little butt-slut. Moaning loudly, she lodged herself firmly inside him, letting her slippery balls smack gently against his bum, the woman gently massaging his back as she jammed herself deep inside. Letting out a deep, orgasmic groan as a result, Ron couldn't help but love his mother's cock. He hated the fact that he did, but he was no stranger to the perversion of incest and had a soft spot for particularly juicy cocks. It was what made him such a submissive in a lot of situations. An infatuation with the physical anatomy. Thick and pulsating cocks. They had a way of winning him over and the sensation driven through his body from his own mother's cock easing into his ass was enough to make him want it and want more of it. His prostate was flattened, and his ass eagerly hugged her close. His initial hesitation melted away and he reverted to his usual mode of submission, his will bending to his own mother. Whilst Ron had never been physically attracted to his mother, he had been erotically interested. The idea of having sex with his own mum was exciting enough to him regardless of what she looked like. "Oh, yes Ronald… Take mummy's cock nice and deep… Moan like mummy's little boy… Mmm, you love mummy's cock, don't you? Love it like a little slut? Hermione has been training you well, but mummy is going to have to punish you for being such a little slut… Mmm…" Molly began to moan, throwing caution to the wind and not caring the slightest as to trying to remain inconspicuous. She had her fantasy right in front of her and she was going to love it and lavish it as much as humanly possible. Gently and rhythmically fucking Ron, she made sure that her thrusts were long and deep, the woman wanting to relish Ron's sumptuous body as much as possible, driving her cock as deep as possible and experiencing every single inch of his glorious arse to the best of her ability. She wanted to feel every bump, every fold, every little detail sliding along her cock. Her hands kept his cheeks pried apart so that she had the glorious pleasure of watching his ass spread apart to envelop her, his ass stretching and morphing to accept her slippery cock. The moans that came from Ron only spurred her on to fuck him slightly faster and slightly harder, maintaining her long and deep thrusts and not missing the slightest beat. The slapping of flesh against flesh was beautiful and Molly quickly found herself lost amidst her own fantasy again. This time, her family were all around the kitchen table, butt naked and watching her lavishly fuck Ron, all of them either jerking themselves or their neighbours off, gently massaging Ron's body or offering salacious, saucy advice to the two of them. It was a heavenly thought, if completely impossible. It didn't change Molly's mindset however as she continued to fuck her darling little boy, reducing him into her own personal little fuck-slut. Maybe Bellatrix wasn't that bad if she allowed her to fulfil these desires, if she allowed her to have what she had always wanted and dominate her own children in ways that seemed so completely farfetched and impossible. Ginny was slowly adopting a similar mindset as she forced Harry onto his back, his hands being tied behind him making it exceptionally awkward. Grabbing his cock, she squeezed it tightly in her hand, almost crushing it as she forcibly spread her legs, exercising every viscous bone in her body. Grasping her own cock, she thrust it against his asshole, slamming it in hard and fast, eliciting a grunt of painful pleasure from the boy. Letting go of his cock, she grabbed his thighs, pushing them backwards until they were behind his head, properly opening up his ass and allowing her cock a delectable angle to perfectly and roughly pound his worthless unfaithful arse. She'd teach him to cheat on her with that filthy mudblood slut. Ginny didn't even stop to realise that that word had crossed her mind, even in the form of a thought. She just drew her hips sharply backwards and jack-hammered down into Harry's ass, the boy yelping as she mercilessly and continuously pounded his tight rear. There was not a moment in between each of her thrusts, with her movements being so fast and so hard that Harry's moans were stunted and overlaid, the boy barely able to make a noise before another one was drawn from him, forced from him even. Her balls collided with his ass so firmly and hard that it added an ache to her fuck, her balls slightly sore with each impact, but not enough to mitigate the immense pleasure and satisfaction she got from abusing his tight, worthless little arse. Again, and again, she drew back and hammered forwards, even drawing a smile from Bellatrix as she watched him unleash her inner-self, brutalising Harry's pert little bum. It was still red raw from her spanking and it grew an even deeper red as her crotch pummelled into it. Pleasure flooded from her body as his tight ass hugged her cock. She may have been working up a sweat, speeding back and forth mercilessly, but she was driven not only by malice, but the immense pleasure that he was giving her. His ass could never fail to make her moan and cum. All three of the new prisoners now had their asses stuffed to the brim with three delicious cocks, all three of them taking different approaches to relishing their sumptuous choice of holes. Ginny was rough and hard, making sure that Harry felt each and every impact, whilst Molly was set on making sure that Ron fell in love with her cock, slowly working it in and out of his ass, lovingly fucking him with intense and passionate intimacy. And Bellatrix allowed Hermione to work her cock like the dutiful whore she was to become. All three of them adored their toys, with Ginny and Molly becoming more inclined to the dominant side that Bellatrix was preaching, the pair of them completely oblivious to the fact that once they left that room, they would be back to being fucked and raped at will by the black-haired witch. Neither of them considered that fact and simply descended into depravity with their minds focussing on simply cumming and cumming hard. They wanted to pump their respective holes full of their seed, making it spill from deep within them, ensuring that they felt something right to their very core. Narcissa returned a few minutes after, with the woman sliding into the corner, ignoring the throbbing desire that was burning in between her thighs, the lustful desire to join in in some respect. Madame Bellatrix had made it exceptionally clear that she intended to turn Hermione into her second fuck-pig and Narcissa could hardly wait for the pair of them to work together in dutifully servicing their mistress as sexual toys for her pleasure. Hermione was gorgeous after all and she had faith that together, they'd be able to make their mistress exceptionally happy, which was the only purpose worth serving and the only thing that her worthless collection of holes could possibly hope to do. And she could only feel herself growing wetter imagining the sight of Hermione with her new magically enhanced body and with her cock replaced. They were the only things that could make her even more beautiful in Narcissa's warped mind. Unable to hold off any longer, Molly slid her cock deep into Ron's ass, massaging his ass cheeks and unloading deep inside him. The groan of pleasure that came from Ron was something that Molly would remember and cherish for the rest of her life, as the splashing of her hot, creamy cum inside Ron's ass made him immensely pleasured. So much so, that as the cum trickled over his prostate, his own cock came beneath his, spraying several strands of cum across his stomach and chest, even as he lay forced against the floor. Torrent after torrent of slick cum pumped into the young boy's clutching ass, each spurt only eliciting more pleasure for the young sub-slut. With her balls drained, Molly gently drew her hips back and forth, slowly working a few more thrusts out of the young boy's ass before her cock became to soft and it slipped out from his ass, her shaft coated in the substance. Staggering to her feet, she wandered around to Ron's head, lifting him onto his knees and immediately moaning at the mess he had made. Grabbing the base of her cock, she held it in its softened state and moved it towards Ron's mouth. Unclasping the ball-gag, she held her shaft in place, waiting for Ron to lick her clean. She barely had to wait at all as he lunged forwards and dragged his lips lovingly across her cock licking her clean of all cum and trace of his ass, bobbing his head up and down until her cock was a slick and glistening shimmer. Popping it out of her mouth, he looked up at her, confused by his flight of fancy, but ultimately aroused. Fixing the ball-gag back in place, Molly staggered elsewhere to find somewhere to sit and relax, her body a little tense and in need of a rest. Turning around, she watched Hermione and Harry getting fucked and immediately began to feel a reaction in her cock. She felt almost bad leaving Ron there on his own when she could probably muster the strength and virility to give him another round. Maybe in a moment. Ginny was the next to unload into Harry's tight little ass, the boy groaning as she pumped him full, continuing to pound his ass at the same rate and fervour even as she spurted again and again inside him. Relentless in her pounding, she fucked him through her orgasm, continuing until her cock was too soft to allow for it, slipping out of his ass and allowing the torrent of cum to cascade out of his ass. Letting go of him, Ginny rose to her feet, moving for the horse-whip that she previous used and bringing it swiftly down upon Harry's shrivelled and softened cock, causing him to writhe in pain as she cracked it across both his sensitive tip and balls, the woman relishing the yelps of pain that he felt as she struck his most sensitive areas. Again, and again, she did so, unleashing a stream of several strikes one after the other that forced tears from Harry's eyes as he mewled in agony, the young redhead absolutely destroying him with her last few strikes. She was about to launch into another bout, but her mother stopped her, taking the whip and tossing it to the ground, forcing her daughter to join her in sitting to one side and simply remaining quiet, hoping that they would be able to pass unnoticed as Bellatrix finished up with Hermione. True to her word, Bellatrix waited for Hermione to milk her dry entirely of her own volition. Bellatrix didn't move, didn't force Hermione to move, and didn't make the slightest adjustment to try and get her to go faster. If Hermione wanted to bounce at the rate of one bounce per hour, she could do so, but Bellatrix had no intention of drawing her cock out of Hermione until the young brunette's ass was filled to the brim with her seed. Luckily for Hermione, Bellatrix had been pleasuring herself with various people throughout the morning and thus was primed and ready to cum. That didn't mean that the black-haired witch didn't at least attempt to hold of for as long as possible, keeping her cock right on the verge of scintillating orgasm, but never quite submitting to the sumptuous pleasure that Hermione was all too able to provide. Moaning to herself, Bellatrix tried to make it as intimate as possible between her and Hermione, playfully trying to seduce the young brunette, eager to fantasise about what it would be like to have one of her slaves properly in love with her, doing anything to please her out of sheer romantic lust. Unfortunately, Hermione was having none of it, simply doing her duty and displaying little to no emotion as she did so. It took a little work, but eventually, her tight, silky hole managed to bring Bellatrix to a delicious orgasm, the older witch finally unleashing her load for the morning, deep into the young girl's anus, pumping her nice and full of thick, creamy cum. Moaning deeply, she intervened, grabbing Hermione's hips and tugging them downwards sharply, wanting to maintain the depth for as long as possible if she could. She didn't want Hermione to think that as soon as she was cumming, she was free of her duty. No, she was going to wait until every last little dribble was forced from her cock before she allowed Hermione to go. With a deep grunt of pleasure, Bellatrix let the last dribble pour from her cock and finally lifted Hermione and pushed her backwards and onto the floor, letting the girl wallow in the pool of cum pouring from her ass. "Well! I think that did a good job clearing everyone's head. Now… Your muggle Queen has a speech, so I don't see why I shouldn't. Come along. You three, stand. Narcissa, take their blindfolds off and take everyone to the main hall. Round up the slaves, the prisoners. Every single person on the grounds is to be in the main hall. Make sure there is plenty room to move," Bellatrix ordered, grasping her wand and playing with it in between her fingers. Narcissa nodded, ripping the blindfolds of the remaining prisoners, Harry and Hermione shocked to learn that they had been being watched by Molly and Ginny, the two of them oblivious to the true part they played in it all. With the room empty, Bellatrix approached the rightmost cell-door in the room and gently pressed her hands up against it. The centre one was for Ron, Hermione and Harry, but the right one, held someone very precious to Bellatrix. Biting her lip, she whispered into the crack, "Are you ready, pet? Ready to do your duty for momma Bella? Mmm, I'll bet you are… Shh… Come on… Everyone is waiting for you…" Unlocking the door, she hauled it open, once again grinning as she laid eyes on the prisoner. Over in the main hall Narcissa had begun to congregate the entire occupancy of the manor. Dutifully, the broken slaves all lined up, on their knees, sitting perfectly as they had been trained. Fleur, all the way down to Percy and even Dennis were knelt there, whilst the more rebellious ones that had adorned the dining hall stood bound by their feet and hands, unable to move. Those who had been restrained to cells were there as well, strapped up to wooden crosses to prevent their movement. Hagrid and Madame Maxime were forced onto their knees at the back, with everyone in the room rendered completely naked as per Bellatrix's prerogative. The Death Eaters and Snatchers stationed on her property stood on the stairs and balcony over-looking the whole affair, whilst Ron and Hermione were forced to join the various naked prisoners. Ginny and Molly were afforded the luxury of standing of their own accord, unbound and unbroken. Harry was kept with Narcissa out of view of everyone, Bellatrix wanting to make a point about him. The black-haired witch was quick to return, bouncing around the corner, her other prisoner, wrapped in a hooded cloak. "Right then Harry. Big smiles. You've got a show to perform," Bellatrix grinned, grabbing him by the elbow and forcibly dragging him out to meet the crowds. There were audible gasps around the room as the unbroken prisoners felt their hearts sink out the bottom of their chests. Even those who had been broken and brought to Bella's side showed some remorse as the leader of the rebellion was marched out. A few of them held out hope of rescue but having him paraded out only served to break them that little bit more and turn them completely over to their mistress's side. There were applause and cheers from the Death Eaters, with Bellatrix soaking In the noise before calling for silence, "Harry Potter has been captured. The war is officially over. I am your mistress. I am your madame. You serve me and me alone, just as Harry will serve me. There is no one else to call your leader, no one else who will protect you and help you. There is only me. And for those who still pertain to the hope that either Harry Potter or the Dark Lord will rise once more to free you of my rule… Well… Let this demonstration be a lesson to you all. I am greater than both of them. They bend to me…" With that, she flicked her wand, forcing the hooded prisoner to shamble onto the stage. The crowd held their breath, expecting the obvious, but fearful of it all. As the figure stood beside her, parallel with Harry, Bellatrix flicked her wand and let the robes drop, revealing the pale white ashy skin of the Dark Lord Voldemort. Once again, gasps filled the room as almost every single person saw Voldemort. He was her secret prisoner, with not even her closest Death Eaters knowing that he was here. They assumed he was out in the wilderness, recuperating, when in fact, he was being tortured and brutalised at the hand of his most trusted servant. She kept it a secret as she didn't trust any of her Death Eaters, knowing not where their loyalty lay. And so thus, she sought to break the Dark Lord and break him completely. With him bending the knee and serving his new Mistress, the other Death Eaters would be quick to follow. The man stood entirely naked before the audience, the majority of people surprised by the sheer thickness and length of his throbbing cock. It stood at sixteen inches, dangling between his legs, obscene in its. Magical potency directly correlated with the size of one's cock and Voldemort thus stood massive amidst his contemporaries. "Harry… Tom… Bend the knee and kiss your Mistress's cock…" Bellatrix ordered, folding her arms behind her back. Grasping her wand, she aimed it at Harry, silently casting the imperious curse and forcing him to mimic Voldemort's movements, the two of them sliding down to their knees and turning to face Bellatrix's cock. They looked at each other, the two of them sharing a look. Neither one knew what the other conveyed, with the intensity of their stare being fraught with all sorts of emotions. Voldemort let nothing slip, but even Harry couldn't imagine the man being broken like this. Reduced to a fuck rag. Yet here he was. His curt, thin lips about to swear fealty to Bellatrix Lestrange in the most humiliating of ways. Slowly, but surely, the two of them leant forwards, puckering their lips and pressing them firmly against the woman's bulbous, thick head. Planting soft, but firm kisses on either side, they pulled away, Harry being relieved of the imperious curse and allowed to kneel there of his own volition. "See. Your faith is misplaced if it is in these two. For they are nothing more than my playthings. They will do anything and everything to please their mistress, as you should do. To prove this, Harry and Tom, two mortal enemies, who brought the magical world to ruin with their struggle; they will now do as I say. Harry, on your back," Bellatrix turned around and walked to her large throne, sliding into it as she once again cast the imperious curse, moving Harry like a chess piece, "And Tom, I wish you to straddle Mr. Potter and then for the two of you to suck upon one another's cocks until you both cum. I also wish for you to both swallow each other's offerings. Spill a single drop and you will service every cock in this room, whether they want you to or not… Watch closely everyone, as your supposed saviours and leaders sixty-nine!" Voldemort was immediate in his movements, the man completely under Bellatrix's control, yet without being cursed. With his hands still bound behind his back, he straddled Harry's face, angling himself so that the head of his massively thick cock was pushed up against Harry's lips. Fighting it at the beginning, Harry quickly found his lips forced apart by Bellatrix's spell, his gullet completely relaxed by her complete control. Voldemort pushed the throbbing head of his cock up against the boy's lips, pushing it inside and down against his throat. Forcing Harry to swallow, Bellatrix watched Voldemort slide himself deep into Harry's throat. The Dark Lord didn't waste time, driving his cock all the way forwards until Harry's lips were wrapped snugly around the base of his shaft, his balls smacking Harry in the eyes. Dutiful to the very end, Voldemort then fulfilled the next part of his orders, willingly opening his own mouth and taking Harry's eleven-inch cock deep into his own throat, the Dark Wizard's gag reflex having been previously demolished by Bellatrix's fervent and forceful training. Voldemort took no time at all to take his entire length into his throat, the man having acquired some delicious oral abilities whilst under Bella's tutelage. He had become quite the little fuck-thing. He had refused to become a proper submissive plaything like the rest of her toys, all of them unendingly pleasuring her and flooding her with praise. Instead, he did as he was told, quiet and with purpose. It was almost boring to torture him as he did nothing but grunt, keeping his gaze forwards. Still, he learnt what he had to do and did as he was bid, biding his time. Bellatrix wondered if she should properly humiliate him. Turn him into one of her fuck-pigs. She often wondered what the man would look like with a buxom pair of plump breasts, a round fat juicy arse, and tight slight pussy between his thighs. Bella was definitely considering working on Harry and Hermione as a pair, getting them, both reduced to the status of fuck-pig together, but perhaps she would bring Voldemort along with her. Although, there was a perverse satisfaction in keeping him on a chain, perhaps knelt by her as she made deliberations and met with guests. It would make quite the statement to have the most feared Wizard mewling at her side during negotiations. Harry was wholeheartedly surprised by how swiftly Voldemort got to work on his cock, dragging his rather coarse and thin lips up and down his cock, rendering his shaft a slick and sloppy state. Besides trying to figure out what the hell was happening and trying to come terms with the fact that he was currently getting throat fucked by his mortal enemy, all whilst being blown himself by a man who killed his parents. Before he could come to terms with it all, Bellatrix relinquished the imperious curse, causing his throat to return to the tight, un-trained state that it was before, meaning that the sixteen-inch cock plunged down his gullet caused him to start gagging and spluttering erratically around the cock, unable to keep himself steady and composed. Perhaps the weirdest thing to come out of it though, was the fact that he felt Voldemort moan. The idea of Voldemort feeling sexual pleasure at anything was weird enough yet having it as a result of his own flinching throat was even more disturbing. Then there was the fact that he was slowly building towards cumming down the man's throat, all the while feeling Voldemort himself begin to twitch deep into his throat. With Harry unable to move his lips, Voldemort drew his hips up slightly, sliding six or so inches out of the young boy's throat, however, instead of simply thrusting back in, the man held his position, knowing full well that Mistress Bellatrix didn't want either of them to come of as dominant, meaning that if he began to throat fuck Harry, the façade would be shattered. Instead, what Voldemort allowed was for Harry to actively begin to suck on his cock, something which Harry begrudgingly began to do after a quick burst of the cruciatus curse from Bellatrix. It was difficult considering his spasming, writhing throat, but he forced himself to push his lips upwards, taking three inches of Voldemort into his throat before pulling back, saliva spilling down over his chin and cheeks, reducing him to a sticky, sloppy mess. Continuing to clumsily do that whilst Voldemort rather elegantly suckled on his cock, deepthroating him with veritable ease and delicacy, suckling neatly on Harry's cock as if he had done it countless times before. Moans escaped both the men's lips as they were forced into the pleasure of each other's throat. Neither wanted to be in this position and they definitely didn't want to be in any ways enjoying it. The fact that they even felt the slightest quiver of pleasure from the other was deeply shameful, so shameful that they almost forgot just whom they were being watched by. Everyone they knew, everyone they admired, everyone who admired them, was watching them sink to the lowest levels of depravity, suckling and gorging themselves on one another, all for the benefit of the most sadistic, cruel bitch imaginable. It was outlandish, outrageous, and just a little sexy to see them so defenceless and helpless, forced into a situation they would rather die than embrace with any eagerness. It didn't take long for them to reach their end. Voldemort had been denied any relief especially for this day and Harry was riding near to his orgasm after being with the mysterious woman from before. He personally hoped that they would both cum in unison with Harry not wanting to prolong this in any way possible. Luckily, Voldemort was the first to go, unloading a proverbial torrent of thick, creamy cum into Harry's throat. The man also thrust downwards, submerging himself in the boy's throat, out of fear that he had forgotten his duty to swallow every drop. The Dark Lord thought it prudent to remove the option itself and simply unload himself deep into Harry's stomach, flooding the boy with cum before drinking down the boy's load himself. Plunging his lips down along Harry's cock, he worked the boy over the edge, silently happy that he was given some form of sustenance, even if it was something as completely and utterly deplorable as the boy who lived's cum. Keeping his lips pressed firmly against Harry's crotch, he swallowed every drop as he was told, not risking the slightest spill and keeping both Harry and his own cock submerged in the respective throats, right up until the point they had entirely softened. With no hopes of spilling any, Voldemort rolled to one side and crashed to the floor, displaying his and Harry's softened cocks to Bellatrix who clapped proudly as she rose to her feet. "Very well-done boys. Very well done indeed. Now, I should think that serves as a lesson to everyone. There is no rebellion, no usurpation. I am not some layabout here for a couple months. This is the new regime. Get used to it, or I shall find a place for you amidst my collection. I'm sure any of my pets can attest to the luxury that that is. Now, go enjoy Christmas. I am a merciful mistress after all… Get out of my sight," Bellatrix bellowed, gesturing to the doors and forcing everyone out. Those who were imprisoned followed Narcissa back to their cells and the areas in which they were kept, whilst Bellatrix watched. "Mistress?" Ginny burst out, rushing over to Bellatrix as everyone else was being funnelled out of the room. Turning to face her, Bellatrix glared down at her with her usual sneer, reaching out and sharply slapping the woman across the face, causing Ginny to clutch her cheek and whimper. "What the fuck do you think you are doing, you worthless blood traitor? Once we left that room, things returned to as they were. You a snivelled piece of meat and me your glorious queen," Bellatrix snarled, grabbing the girl by the throat and slamming her up against the wall, preparing to punish the young girl for her insolence. Soon enough, only she, Narcissa and Molly remained in the room, the black-haired witch almost appearing to watch to gut the young red head. "What if I didn't want to leave that room? I mean…" Ginny whimpered, catching Bellatrix's attention, the dominatrix letting go of Ginny and letting her catch her breath. Intrigued, Bellatrix changed her approach, grabbing the young girl's hips and pinning her against the wall, burying her sumptuous lips in Ginny's neck and gently suckling on her soft, creamy skin. Continuing to breathe heavily, Ginny choked out, "What if that's the woman I want to be?" "Oh, dear… He truly hurt you, didn't he?" Bellatrix whispered in her ear, Ginny's heart freezing. Suddenly and boldly, Ginny grabbed Bellatrix's cheeks, squeezed them together and turned her to face her. Instead of lunging out, Bellatrix kept quiet, wanting to hear what came from between the young slut's lips next. "He means nothing to me. I don't want to break him. I don't want to think about him. For all it is worth, the man I fucked in that room was nameless. A nameless nothing. What I learnt in that room isn't that he hurt me, but that I need a teacher…" Ginny spoke with passion and intent. Slowly, she unclench Bellatrix's cheeks and lowered her hand, not revoking any of her firmness, but simply retaining her composure. Bellatrix smiled, before lunging forwards at Ginny and pressing her lips firmly against Ginny's, the two embracing and embracing deeply. Returning the passion, Ginny pushed her tongue into the woman's mouth, grabbing Bella's thigh and lifting it upwards, hooking it around her own leg, their cocks thrusting up against each other as they moaned into each other's ear. "Then my dear, you have one… Come, I'll have Narcissa prepare you a room and a bed," Bellatrix smiled, pulling away, the scintillating passion still lingering between them as Bellatrix offered the redhead a hand. Molly watch, fear in her eyes, disappointment as her youngest daughter turned, turned and became not just a puppet of brutality, but one who sought to inflict it. Looking to her mother, Ginny remained deadpan, not a flicker or fleck of emotion in her eyes as she grabbed Bellatrix's hand and smiled courteously. The two turned and moved up the stairs, Molly hearing the last words to leave Bellatrix's mouth, "That is of course, if you tire of sharing with me…" Author's Note: I don't know about you guys, but I absolutely loved that. It was an absolute pleasure to write and I loved every moment of it. Something about a more sadistic and rougher universe was so fun. Also, it's great to see beloved characters in a new situation and under a new light. And well, Bellatrix is a brilliant character and needs more smut written about her. I enjoyed it so much that I may very well write a sequel based on the feedback. So, if you like it and want to see more, let me know. It may even have grounds for a spin-off of sorts. An alternate reality kind of deal. Let me know what you guys think. I won't keep you any longer as there is a particular blonde slut that requires your immediate attention. Miss Lovegood is going to celebrate Christmas the only way she knows how; by being Luna. Enjoy!
Author's Note: Hey guys! As I alluded to in the update on my profile, this is one of the four stories that I will be working on going into the new year. And saying that, I intend to change it just a little bit. More on that in a moment. There will be an update for this story every Monday, so follow the story to get alerted when it's up and ready, or just come back if you like what you've read and want more! As for how I'm changing the story, it's nothing drastic. Still smut, still hardcore shemale sex and naughty little perversions. The only change is that instead of being one-shot kind of things, it will be a proper story detailing Harry's Fourth Year with the intend to carry onto his remaining years if there is enough interest. It will follow the same events in the book, but with my own little sex plots and schemes and all that fun stuff. Essentially, it's the same smut, porn, shemale sex, but with some story behind it instead of mindless one-shot kind of things. Also, I will be changing the title in due course, removing the Harry Potter from the title. The story will be called 'Sensations of Shemales: …" I need to come up with a good subtitle to go after the colon, but when I do, I will change the title as well, so don't get surprised or shocked if that happens! The chapters that are currently on this story (the one-shots with Ginny and Cho) will be renamed as 'proof of concept' chapters and will have no bearing on the actual story. They will still be here if you want to read them, but will function as standalones instead of part of the coherent narrative. The reason I'm repurposing this story and not making a new one is because, I want to continue using this title and I didn't want to leave this story in this state. It also meant that I would be creating another story and swamping the amount of currently unfinished stories I have! So please enjoy and let me know what you think and all that jazz. Enjoy! Chapter 1: The Secret World of Witches The sound of broomsticks whizzing through the air, the cheers and camaraderie of the campsite filled the inside of the tent, stray fireworks occasionally shaking the cloth above, much to everyone's amusement. The sounds of people drinking, soaking in the festivities of the cup were unbelievable, despite the match being hours away with no one even straying near the stadium. Having arrived at the cup hours ago, the Weasley family, companioned by Harry and Hermione settled in quickly, everyone taking their place and soaking in the atmosphere of the pre-match spirit. Arthur had been dragged away by nameless faces in the crowd, old friends of his that seemed to appear every few steps, constantly dragging him around the site, meeting and greeting. Almost instantly the twins darted for the shops as they said, keen to find something interesting or some interesting people, leaving the four youngest alone in the tent. Hermione had withdrawn a book before her bed had even hit the bunk, brushing aside Ron's childish immaturity as he argued with Harry over the bunks. Sitting on one of the cushy sofas, she was swiftly joined by Ginny, a little jumpy around Harry, but even more so today for a peculiar reason. Settling the dispute, Ron begrudgingly taking the bottom bunk, the boys joined them, Ron setting a game of exploding snap between him and Harry as enjoyed the relative peace of the bustling campsite. "Seriously Ron? Can't you just sit still?" Hermione sighed as Ron stretched himself for the second time, his hand not so subtly rearranging his trousers, trying to make himself comfortable, but finding the tightness of his crotch an unpleasant thorn in his side. "I'm trying to get comfortable. You can't complain, you don't have to worry about squashing what's between your legs every time you sit down…" Ron retorted, whispering the last words under his breath, but not quietly enough as Hermione scoffed loudly, a smile sneaking across Harry's face. "I don't think you have to worry about squashing anything Ronald…" Hermione chuckled much to Harry's amusement, a smile even cracking on Ginny's face despite her distracted mindset. She had been a bit fidgety all summer and it was starting to show. At least to Hermione. Something as subtle as her change in demeanour would go right over everyone else, she thought glancing at Ron. "What's that supposed to mean? Are you saying what I'm thinking you're saying?" Ron asked, turning to Harry for reassurance, only to find the stifled, strained face of someone on the verge of exploding in laughter as he watched Hermione try to keep a straight face. "I think what Hermione was try to say… or imply is that you have a… a small… you know?" Harry chuckled, trying to put it gently as Hermione buried her nose in the pages of her book in a vain attempt to not laugh, although the tremors at the edge of her pages indicated otherwise. "Small! That's bang out of order…" Ron exclaimed, the insult cemented in his mind as he turned back to Hermione, his words falling on deaf ears as everyone in the room, stifled their own chuckles in favour of listening to Ron prattle on about the injustice. "What are you all banging on about?" Fred asked, entering the tent, brushing past Ron who busy trying to convince everyone that he wasn't small by any standards, dancing around the subject in favour in innuendos. Following after his brother, George finished his thoughts, "Talking about Ron's tiny…" "You heard?" Ron interjected, not wanting his brother to finish his thought, much to the amusement of Harry and Hermione, who's chuckles finally surfaced, Hermione carefully wiping a tear from her eye as Harry's grin stretched ear to ear. "Yeah, half the campsite heard. Your voice has that ring to it," George smirked as he rifled through his bags, producing a small bag of galleons, his backup money in-case anything really interesting came up. And something really interested had by all means, come up. Fred retrieved a similar bag before poking his head out to tease him further, "People have started a betting ring outside trying to figure out how small. We may or may not have started." "But that's not the point," George said, pocketing the galleons and strolling back into the main room, his brother close at heel, "We have found something very interesting. And I mean very interesting. There is an old wizard at the back of the stalls with a whole heap of antique magic crap. Says it's all got some hidden magical powers. Very interesting stuff. A few interesting rings, books… yes books, Granger, right up your alley. Lots of weird and wonderful stuff and on the cheap. Fancy a look?" "Yeah, why not," Harry said, wiping his mouth as the laughter slowly subsided. Ron grumbling, followed after Harry still complaining about the 'small' comment, his masculinity wounded. Hermione agreed as well, leaving everyone expectantly looking at Ginny, who glanced back before saying, "Erm… I'm going to stay here a while. Still have to unpack and all that. Pick me up something cool, Hermione! Pay you back!" Bidding the youngest Weasley farewell, the troupe descended on the tents, weaving their way in and out of the tents, following after Fred and George. Rounding a corner, they laid their eyes on the stand, small and manned by an old cobbled Wizard. Reaching to his pocket, Harry fumbled around for a moment, sighing heavily as he realised the few golden galleons, he thought he had pocketed all the way back at the Burrow, were in fact in his bags. Stopping Ron and Hermione, he explained quickly, "You guys go ahead. I've forgotten my money. Save me anything that you think I might like. I'll be back in a minute or two." "Okay mate. I'll find you an old book for you," Ron joked, clapping Harry on the shoulders as he turned towards the stall, eying up the various trinkets the wizard was peddled. "Just make sure it's a small one Ron!" Harry called after him, unable to resist as he turned and sped back towards the ten, glancing back to see Hermione in stitches and Ron murmuring it's not funny, his brow furrowed as he went to look at the many items on the tables of the wizard's stall. Grinning wildly, Harry made his way back to the tent a smile on his face as he neared the door. As he reached to pull back the flap of the tent, a noise stopped him in his tracks. Actually, several noises. Rhythmic noises that could only be described as soft slaps, sometimes resonating alongside a light, pleasured moan. Harry's eyes widened as he peered inside the tent, crouching low as he used the cover of one of the large chairs to look into the room. Sprawled across dining room table, Ginny lay writhing against the wood and much to Harry's surprise, she was naked. Every inch of her petite, creamy white body was revealed, her clothes flung over the room as she lay there. Her hair fanned out beneath her, her eyes closed in pleasure, her lower lip swallowed into her mouth as she tried to stifle her moans. Her soft little breasts, were sizable enough. Two pert little handfuls, capped off with two tiny little nipples, each one erect and hard. Her legs were spread wide, the imprint of her soft plump arse against the table enough to elicit a reaction from Harry. The way her soft flesh pressed against the table was sublime, moulding perfectly to the wood as she writhed. Her hand was buried between her legs, moving back and forth, causing the soft slapping sound and her occasional lusty moan. But as Harry's eyes travelled downwards, over her taut little stomach, through the trimmed mesh of fiery red pubic hair, his mouth fell open as he lay his eyes on what was between her legs. A large, thick cock with a pair of balls dangling beneath it. Standing tall at around ten inches long, the cock was quite thick at three inches and every inch of it was throbbing as she slowly stroked her hand across it. The shaft was shimmering from Ginny's saliva as she used her hand to slicken her cock, making every soft tug she made even more pleasurable. Harry watched in awe as Ginny focused her attention on the tip of the cock, her thumb rubbing back and forth across the incredibly bulbous cockhead, dribbles of pre-cum trailing across the purplish head. Arching her back, she thrust her cock into her own hand, her hips fucking her hand for a few strokes before she returned to softly jerking her cock. The sight was unbearably hot as Harry felt his own crotch tighten, his jeans becoming exponentially smaller as his cock hardened. Groaning ever so slightly, he massaged his shaft through his trousers biting his lip as he tried not to moan knowing full well that she would catch him if he made a sound. While he never expected her legs to hiding such an enormous shaft, he was strangely not disappointed, the sight of the cock intriguing him even more than if she spread her legs and revealed a tight little pussy. Succumbing to the sight, Harry reached his hand down to his fly, slowly pulling It downwards to fish his cock out, underestimating the sound of the zipper. The sound echoed across the room as Harry gritted his teeth in panic. "Oh, my god! Is someone watching me?" Ginny exclaimed leaping to her feet as she rolled of the table, her hands clasping over her breasts, trying to hide them from view as her other hand tried to shield her cock. Tearing down one of the curtains that were draped over the entrance to the dining room, she quickly wrapped around herself as she searched for the source of the sound. "I'm sorry Ginny! Really, really sorry! I came back to get some money and you were… busy… and I didn't know what to do!" Harry apologised profusely as he stepped out from behind the chair, Ginny's cock twinging slightly as she realised who was watching her. The idea of Harry looking at her while she pleased herself enticed her, but she still felt a little bit violated. "You watched me doing that. Oh, my god you must think I'm a freak," She exclaimed, her hand rising to her forehead as she realised that she had ruined any chance of a relationship with Harry simply by letting him see her like this. Racking her brain for a way to fix the situation or go back in time and prevent it all from happening, but she knew that would only make everything worse. Everything. "Freak? No… no, not a freak. I was just surprised… It just wasn't what I imagined would be down there…" Harry stammered awkwardly, his face flushed, his eyes not knowing where to look. Ashamed to look at Ginny, he let them dart about the scenery for a moment, hesitant to even consider looking at her for fear of what might happen to his cock. The room fell silent, Ginny turning away as she thought hard, Harry contemplating whether or not he should leave when Ginny turned around, her look of shock dissipating in favour of curiosity. "Imagined? You've… erm… imagined me and… eh… what would be down here?" Ginny asked curiously, her own face turning red as she even murmured the words, gesturing crudely towards her cock as she moved slowly towards the couch, sliding down onto the seat. "Oh… yeah, I guess… sometimes…" Harry said timidly as he watched her slide down into the seat, the exposed flesh of her back, enough to make his cock quiver. Confused as to whether or not he should sit with her or stay standing, he nervously perched on the arm of the chair, his face redder than even Ron's. "And I'd suppose you'd be disappointed… with erm… what is between my legs?" Ginny said, her courage peaking up slightly as she dared even mention her legs, the idea of even mention a word associated to what she was doing, sending butterflies into her stomach. Her mind was racing with her own thoughts. The idea of Harry alone in his bed, jerking himself off to her, imaging his cock inside of her. The thoughts made her cock harden even more, prodding against the curtain. Crossing her legs to stem her growing cock, she smiled timidly. "No, not disappointed," Harry said rather to quickly, fearful that the young Weasley might take offence. Coming off as a little too eager, the rate of his delivery made Ginny perk up, the interest in his voice lighting a fire in her as she smiled at him. Stammering through a few more words, Harry tried to defuse his eagerness to no avail, "Not… not disappointed… more surprised. Confused even as to why you have…a thing… Not that having one is bad! Just why you… you know… Have one…" "You were bound to get surprised with one, one day," Ginny sighed as she turned to face forwards, edging slightly up the sofa, hoping that Harry would sit next to her, edge just a little closer to her. Much to her joy he did, sinking into the very end of the sofa she was on, space enough for another person between the two, "Every witch has one. Result of the 'magical energy' inside us. At least that's what Professor Mcgonagall told us in first year." "She gave you a lesson about that in first year? Must have been fun," Harry joked, relaxing ever so slightly as he leant back in the sofa, no longer clinging to the edge of the seat. "You have no idea. All we kept thinking was that if every witch has one, then wouldn't Professor Mcgo… never mind. It's a thought you wouldn't want to think," Ginny said, shutting herself of before she said anything that would turn Harry away from her. Rearranging her thoughts, she turned to Harry saying, "She also said that 'magic energy' would build up inside us and if we didn't 'release' it, we'd do serious damage to ourselves. Hence me… doing that with my… thing…" "But why on the table?" Harry asked forwardly, his curiosity peaked as he realised what this meant. Hermione had one, Pansy had one, Padma and Parvati had one, everyone did. All he could think about was how his late nights in the Gryffindor Tower would be forever changed. Consumed in his thoughts, he didn't even contemplate whether he should ask the question. "Erm… Apparently… Witches get to a certain age when they can no longer… get themselves to 'release', their hands no longer do the job, so to speak. I kind of hit that age last year, a little earlier than most people. It was alright at school, I made a… friend who helped me out and I helped her. But over the summer, I've been building up and can't release. I found that doing it in more… public places managed to work, but now it seems that even that doesn't work. It's starting to hurt and I'm not sure what will happen if I don't find a way to… release…" Ginny said, explaining how the whole thing worked, much to a curious Harry who had subconsciously closed the gap ever so slightly, their legs almost touching as he listened intently, her words making him aroused. "Eh… What did you and your friend do to help each other. How did she help you to 'release'," Harry asked, using the same Euphemism, uncertain as to whether he should use the words to describe what happened at the end? "Well… em… At first, we'd use our hands to stroke each other's… cocks," she responded, finally managing to choke through the word cock. Collecting her courage, Ginny let her hand wander from her curtain, landing on Harry's leg. Rubbing towards the inside of his thigh, she bit her lip, Harry's eyes widening as he felt his cock hardening uncontrollably, pushing against the front of his jeans. Enticed by the bulge, Ginny let her hand slide up to the button of his jeans, slowly undoing it. Popping it open, she didn't have to worry about his zipper. Watching, enthralled, Harry felt her slowly tug his jeans down his leg with one hand, the other hand holding the curtain. As they pooled around his legs, he kicked them off, leaving his bulge pressing against his boxers. Breathing heavily, Ginny hooked her fingers inside his boxers, pulling them down around his thighs, his cock springing free. Not as big as hers, Harry was still an admirable size, his cock being eight inches long. Seeing how large his cock was, Ginny moaned before looking into Harry's eyes, "We'd jerk each other's cocks… just like this…" Gasping loudly, Harry felt Ginny's fingers curl around the tip of his cock, her soft hand squeezing his cockhead, a dribble of pre-cum rolling down the tip of his cock. Smearing it across his tip with her thumb, she glossed his purple tip to a shine before slowly sliding her hand down her shaft, softly stroking his cock. Leaning over his cock, Ginny, her heart racing, dribble a mouthful of saliva across his cock, quickly massaging it into his dick with her hand, the lubrication speeding her hand along as it glided up and down his shaft, tugging on his foreskin. Squeezing his cock softly, she milked pre-cum from his tip, adding to the saliva shine she had given his cock already. Moaning loudly, Harry let his eyes roll back into his head, opening them briefly to catch Ginny's lusty gaze. The pair shared a moment where they acknowledged the situation, silently agreeing before Ginny sped up, her hand speeding up and down his cock, eliciting moan after moan from his lips as she jerked him off. Her eyes were locked onto his cock, the throbbing shaft in her hand, the bulbous tip seemingly winking at her as the familiar soft slapping sounds filled the room. Salivating ever so slightly at the sight of his cock, Ginny's grip on her curtain loosened, the garment dropping an inch or two revealing the top of her breasts. Her nipples were still occluded, but the small pert mounds were almost in full view of Harry, whose breath caught in his throat at the mere hint of them. His eyes were drawn towards the bulge growing beneath Ginny's curtain, the prodding tent building between her legs. Taking a deep breath, Harry slid his hand slowly under the cover, Ginny's eyes lighting up as his hand found her creamy thigh. Softly rubbing along her leg, his fingers brushed against her cock and her balls. The simple touch was enough to make her moan loudly. She hadn't felt pleasure like that in a while. Her own hand brought her pleasure, but never enough. Harry's hand not only sent pleasure coursing through her body, but brought her fantasies to life. Tentatively probing towards the hard shaft, Harry slowly wrapped his finger around the base of her cock, the shaft still slick from the saliva she provided herself. Gasping at the touch, Ginny felt Harry's hand slowly slide up her cock, seemingly taking forever to reach the top. Nervously rubbing the tip of her cock, Harry was flying blind. Dropping the curtain, Ginny let Harry ogle her body, his hand wrapped around her cock. Kicking it to the floor, she quickly reached over to Harry lifting his t-shirt up over his head, leaving them both equally naked. Securing her grip on his cock, she kept up her stroking, favouring slower and more methodical strokes as she savoured the pleasure Harry was giving her. Pre-cum was leaking from her tip, covering Harry's hand as he began to slide it up and down her cock, stroking it firmly, but softly. Making sure to run his hand along every single inch of her cock, stimulating the entire shaft as he let his hand naturally move up and down her cock. Melting into the scenario, Harry succumbed to the eroticism, the nervous pit in his stomach replaced by a wealth of pleasure that the soft wet slaps were building. The room was filled with the sound of slapping sounds as their hands glided across each other's cock methodically, moans escaping from their lips as they admired each other's bodies. Despite what they were doing, a fair distance remained between them. Sliding across the sofa, Ginny pressed her body against Harry's sliding her leg over his and giving him more access to her cock. The warmth of each other's bodies was arguably more pleasurable then their hands and as Ginny pressed her breast into Harry's chest, she moaned loudly. The pair's hands slowly sped up as they both tried to make each other cum, the pleasure building in their balls, the chorus of moans and wet slaps spurring them on even further. Turning to face each other, Harry found himself gazing into her eyes, a fire burning behind them as her hand sped up his cock. Biting her lip, she lent in, Harry being quick to meet her. Their lips crashed against each other as their tongue danced into each other's mouths both of them kissing passionately, battling the other. Moaning into each other's mouths, they kept their hands moving swiftly back and forth until Ginny parted their kiss a smile on her face as she pulled his hand away from her cock, "After jerking… we'd both take turns sucking the others cock…" Before Harry could even realise what, she was saying, she lowered her lips to his cock, planting them firmly on his cockhead. Parting her soft, plump lips she let his cockhead slip into her mouth, her tongue swirling around the bulbous tip, the familiar taste of pre-cum landing on her tongue as she savoured every taste she could get. Moaning loudly, Harry's hand wove into Ginny's hair as she traced her tongue around each inch of his meaty cockhead, tasting each delicious portion of his tip. Clenching the fist that wasn't wrapped in Ginny's hair, Harry felt his breath catch in his throat as she slowly moved her lips along his shaft, her tongue dancing around and across every inch, coating it in saliva. Wrapping her lips tightly around his shaft, she suckled softly on the cock, her hand wrapped around the base, jerking what she couldn't fit in her mouth. Pushing onwards, she breathed through her nose before swallowing deeply, his cockhead slipping past her throat. Gagging ever so slightly, she fought the urge, continuing to take his cock into her warm, velvety throat. Five inches disappeared between the redhead's soft lips before she gagged uncontrollably, saliva streaming down the remaining three inches as she stroked it into his shaft. Adjusting her position, she tried to take more, but her body rejected it. Settling for five inches, she drew her lips back along his cock, before working it all the way back in, dragging her sumptuous lips along each inch she could, her hand continuing to please that which she couldn't. The heat of the moment carried Ginny's action as she did her best to please his cock, her fantasy finally playing out, with Harry's cock in her mouth. The taste was divine and she savoured every moment. Harry's moans were louder now as he felt her lips slide back and forth, a wealth of improvement over her hand. The pleasure tingling in his balls was building, his orgasm near. Fearful of the possibility that they would stop if he came, he held off for as long as possible, revelling in the sweet delights of his cock sliding in and out of her wet mouth. Dropping her free hand between his legs, she wrapped her hand around his balls, softly massaging them as she passed them between her fingers, gently squeezing the sensitive organs. Rubbing and playing with them, she managed a low pleasured moan from Harry as he grunted in pleasure. She had a soft spot for her own balls, often being the thing that would tip her over the edge if she ever got to the edge on her own and it appears Harry shared her fascination. Hesitant to remain idle, Harry let his hands drift along Ginny's back before dipping below her. Grasping her breast, he was surprised at how firm they were, gently playing and squeezing them, enjoying his first encounter with a pair of tits. Rolling her nipple between his fingers, he felt her moan around his cock, increasing the pleasure tenfold as she sent delicious vibrations along his shaft. Taking the entire five inches she could manage one last time, Ginny dribbled a mouthful of saliva along his cock before drawing her lips slowly and pleasurably back along his cock, jerking the saliva she deposited along his cock into a nice lubed shimmer. He was on the verge of cumming, but Ginny didn't want this to end. Not yet. Smiling as seductively as she could imagine, she subtly hinted at what she wanted, not sure if Harry would take the steps towards actually doing it. Recovering from the blowjob, Harry glanced at Ginny, the gentleman side knowing that he should return the favour. Had she had a pussy between her legs, he would have dived eagerly in and he should do just the same even though she had a cock. But it was teasing him with its size, almost being too big to even tackle. Steeling himself, Harry slid down of the sofa, positioning himself between her legs, his heart racing about what he was about to do. With a shaky hand, he reached forward and grabbed her cock by the base, squeezing It softly, a bead of pearly pre-cum dribbling over the tip. Licking his lips, Harry leant forwards and flicked his tongue across the head, tasting the saltiness of her pre-cum. The wet muscle darting over her cockhead, however briefly made Ginny moan. And loudly. Eager to hear her moan like that again, Harry ran his tongue across her sizable head, licking every inch and tasting everything she had to over. Covering it in his own layer of saliva, he eyes the tip up and parted his lips wide, wrapping them around the thick cockhead. Silenced by pleasure, Ginny watched as Harry's lips stretched wide around the head, his lips snuggly fitting around the tip, his tongue pressed tightly against the base of his mouth. Gagging at the single inch, he swallowed deeply, saliva running along her shaft as it pooled in his mouth. Remembering how she pleased him, Harry continued to stroke the massive length, his hand gliding over it easily as his own saliva combined with Ginny's. Jerking her cock, he only served to drive more pre-cum out of her head and into his mouth. Swallowing as much of the collecting saliva and pre-cum as he could, Harry felt some dribble onto his chin. Pressing forwards, he slid his lips further down his cock, painstakingly slowly. The size and inexperience was lending to his poor blowjob. Even with a lack of finesse and ability, Ginny was moaning loudly, the simple touch enough to please her. Let alone the fact that it was Harry on his knees. Managing to take a second inch, Harry took a moment to breathe through his nose, before allowing a third and final inch into his mouth. His throat convulsed and spasmed at the mere suggestion of the cock going any deeper, causing his to gag and splutter around her cock, saliva dribbling down the side of her cock, his hand catching it and smearing it along the shaft. Mimicking Ginny's actions, he began to bob his head up and down along the three inches he could stomach, the saliva beginning to dribble onto his chest as he desperately tried to swallow it. Dropping his free hand to her balls, he massaged them, gently squeezing them and performing the exact same pleasurable manoeuvres that Ginny did onto him. The tightness and warmth of Harry's mouth was delectable and as he sped up his bobbing, Ginny wove a hand into his hair, the pleasure clouding her mind as she took control of him. Pushing his head a little as he went down, she probed his throat a little more than he would have liked. Feeling her grip on his head, Harry felt his own cock twitch, the idea of the younger girl being a little dominant exciting him. Unfortunately for him, his hands were occupied, leaving his cock to twitch and beg for attention. Drawing Harry's lips back along her shaft, she guided him of her cock. Wiping his chin and saliva stricken chest with the curtain that lay on the ground, Harry rose to his feet, sliding down besides Ginny as their hands instinctively latched onto each other's cocks. Growing a little bolder, Harry asked, "What did you to do next?" "After that… well she'd bend over and I'd put in her ass," Ginny murmured quietly, not sure how Harry would react. Truth be told, more often than not, Ginny found herself bending over for her friend from school instead of the other way around. Ginny just wanted to see how open Harry would be to that prospect "I'm not taking that in my ass!" Harry exclaimed, perhaps a little too loudly considering those who may be outside of the tent. Letting go of her cock, he strolled around to the dining table, contemplating what she was asking. "Come on. It feels really good," Ginny pleaded, really wanting him to let her, but entirely willing to swap roles. There would be plenty of time in the next year to have Harry bending over and Ginny was already planning their next few encounters. "So, you've done It before?" Harry asked, calling her bluff and causing her to blush ever so slightly. Conceding the fight, Ginny followed Harry over to the dining table, resting her arms around his shoulders, pulling their bodies closer as if they were more intimate that casual fuck buddies. "Yes, a few times…" She revealed, her cock grinding against her and Harry's chest, both of their thick shafts sandwiched between them, "I'll make a deal. You can put it in my ass this time, but I get to three shots to put it in your ass whenever I want? And if you don't like it by the third time, I'll never put it there again?" "We're going to do this again?" Harry asked, his heart fluttering as she suggested that this become a longer-term thing. Up until this point, Harry hadn't even considered pursuing this further, instead enjoying the pleasures he and Ginny were exploring. And now she was suggesting more encounters. "Only if you want too… It'd certainly make the year more interesting. And I feel like I should introduce you to the friend I was talking about. You'd love her and she'd love you," Ginny said, a tender moment entering her mind as she contemplated a year with Harry. She'd had a crush on the boy, but never even thought to act on it, instead putting on a somewhat steely appearance, smattered with moments of awkwardness between the two. "Fine then, it's a deal. But if I don't like it by the third time, then never again?" Harry agreed quickly, not wanting to jeopardise their connection and future plans. "Oh, you have a deal…" Ginny purred, the sultrier demeanour taking over her now as she realised what they were about to do. Smiling devilishly, she allowed the naughtier part of her to take over. Leaving Harry, she strode to the polished wooden dining table and bent over the table. Her cock and breasts were sandwiched between her and the wood as she spread her legs ever so slightly, her balls dangling below the table, hints of her cock being pressed against the table. Her plumper arse cheeks fell apart slightly due to their weight, a tight winking arsehole enticing Harry. Looking back at Harry, she smiled, her horniness and desire to cum having been building for weeks now taking over as she purred, "Now fuck my ass, big boy!" Harry was as eager as Ginny, taking a step towards her bent over form, his hand grazing across her bum. Savouring the sweet, soft sensation of her skin and the plump weight behind her cheeks. Moving his hand between her cheeks, her pulled one to the side, soft squeezing the handful of flesh, her winking arsehole taunting him. Letting her cheeks fall back into place, a red hand print from his firm fondling lingering on her pale arse. The way her flesh softly bounced back into place was intoxicating and the pleasure of his groping was succulent in Ginny's mind. Shifting her hips ever so slightly forwards, she pretended as if she was fucking the table, using the friction between her stomach and the wood to make please her. "Go slow… It's been a while…" Ginny purred, closing her eyes as she felt Harry's hand pry her bum cheeks apart, prodding his cockhead against her arsehole, the collection of saliva and pre-cum acting as lubricant. Smearing it up and down her wrinkled hole, he nervously pushed forwards slightly, his heart racing at the prospect of losing his virginity to the young girl. Both of them took a deep breath as Harry slowly pushed forwards, feeling her tight ring slowly expand, slowly parting to accept his bulbous tip. Biting her lip, she closed her eyes, revelling in the soft pressure building at her tightest hole. Feeling her arse open to accommodate his tip, she gasped, feeling her ting wrap snugly around the first inch of his cock, her ass accepting his cock with a certain ease. The feeling of cock inside her wasn't a new sensation, but one she hadn't felt in a very long time. Breathing deeply, she adjusted herself ever so slightly, the sensation and promise of being full of cock sending ripples through her body. Resting his hands on her hips, Harry began to slowly push his cock inside her, watching in awe as her ass slowly swallowed his cock. Pushing forwards gently, he eased inch after inch of his cock inside her, the saliva acting as a sufficient lube, Ginny's cock leaking pre-cum onto the table as Harry slowly pulled her back onto his cock. Her arse cheeks folded around his dick, massaging it as it slipped deeper and deeper inside. Finally, his crotch pressed firmly against her soft bum, his bristly hair grazing her skin. Moaning together at the sensations, Harry having his cock enveloped in a tight, warm hole and Ginny being full of a thick piece of cock again. Shifting his cock slightly inside her made Harry moan loudly, the building desire to slide his cock back out of her and back in taking control. His meek understanding of sex was founded purely on the smutty magazines Dudley had left in his old room when Harry moved into it and they were egregiously over exaggerated and even cryptic in some ways. Pulling his hips back, he felt her hole slowly release his cock, the tightness becoming a sumptuous haven for his cock, one he longed to fill again as his cockhead almost exited her hole. Running his hands along her back, she arched it, pushing her cock harder into the table as Harry waited for a moment, teasing her with his cock. Moaning in unison, he slid his cock back into her, the welcoming hole loosening slightly, accepting his cock far easier. As he slid it all the way back in, each inch of her tightness making him moan louder and louder, his balls softly slapped against hers as he collided with her arse ever so softly. Slowly building up a gentle rhythm, Harry was careful not to hurt the young girl, even though his cock was begging to be pleased with a faster fuck. Easing his cock in and out, the two moaned loudly together, revelling in the sweet pleasures they were offering each other, soft slaps filling the room, the sound of their balls bumping together, slight tingling sensations running along their shafts with each collision. Harry's hands were roaming wildly as he soft thrust into her, whereas Ginny's had curled, clawing at the wooden table, trying to focus on the pleasure, the slight pain of his entrance dissipating into a wealth of orgasmic pleasure. Each thrust ground Ginny's cock into the table, her cock getting jerked off in a way by her flat taut stomach and the polished wooden surface. Her breasts were also pressed against the table, her nipples rubbing against the surface, eliciting soft bursts of pleasure as her tits were squashed against the table. Harry's hands ran along her back, brushing against her breasts, before even dipping down between her legs and softly fondling her balls, his confidence rising within him as he explored every inch of her body, his thrusts getting deeper and deeper. In between pleasured moans, Ginny managed to murmur, "Faster… oh please, faster…" More than happy to comply, Harry quickened his thrusts, his balls slapping louder against as he dribbled pre-cum inside her with each pounding thrust. Grunting in pleasure, Ginny felt her body get pushed hard and more forcefully along to table, Harry's cock pushing the table slightly forwards. The quickening thrusts brought Ginny's much desired orgasm nearer and near, her body tingling, her cock twitching in preparation for her long-anticipated orgasm. Harry wasn't too far off and the tightness of her arse was only bringing him to an end swifter. The chorus of wild slapping sounds and grunts and moans filled the room as they panted loudly, their bodies starting to glisten with sweat as they pounded into each other. Any idea of pain had disappeared from Ginny's body as pleasure flooded her senses, each powerful thrust of Harry's hips bringing her closer and closer to cumming. Panting loudly, Harry returned his hands to her hips, pulling them back to meet his wild thrusts, his balls brimming on the edge of his orgasm. Unable to hold it off any further, Harry thrust deep into her arse, pressing his crotch tightly against her bum and unloading shot after shot of cum into her hole. Groaning loudly, Harry emptied his balls much to Ginny's dismay as she felt herself teetering on the edge. Through clenched teeth of pleasure, she breathed, "Keep going… I'm almost there!" Hearing her words, he continued to thrust into her, his cock a little softer than he would have liked. Frantically pounding into her bum, Harry wanted to make her cum. Dropping his hands between her legs, he massaged her balls, passing them from finger to finger and softly squeezing him, his cock softening far too quickly for his liking. His face contorted in pleasure as his orgasm sensitive cock continued to pound in and out of her. Ginny felt his hands on her balls, bringing her to the tipping point. Moaning loudly, she felt he cock twitch wildly, spurting strand after strand of cum. Having been building up for weeks, she unloaded across her stomach and the table, strands landing on her breasts and even one making it alongside her head. Continuing to grind into her arsehole, his cock almost entirely softened, Harry joined Ginny's moans as they subsided. Having drained her balls of cum, Harry let them go, pulling his cock out of her arse, a dribble of cumming running down her leg from her load. Breathing wildly, he stood by the table watching Ginny lay there, thoughtless. A few minutes passed before she pushed herself up onto her feet, strands of cum all over the table and several on her stomach and tits. Going over to Harry, she wrapped an arm around his waist, pulling him close as they admired their handiwork, a smile growing over Ginny's face, "Thanks for that…" "Any time…" Harry breathed, meaning it. Knowing full well that she intended to cash in on her three shots at him. He only hoped they would have more encounters before then and after the third one as well. Because she was right. This would certainly make the year more interesting IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII The old wizard's stall was surprisingly small, yet crammed with several assorted trinkets. Jewellery and dusty old books sat stacked, lopsided as they balanced unevenly on a wealth of interesting relics of the past. Browsing through the piles, Hermione found it impossible to choose anything, every item seemingly drawing her to them even if they appeared worthless. Despite the wealth of obvious rubbish, she found that each one strangely appealed to her. Rifling through the piles, she found a small leather notebook, bound by a small golden chain, an ornament dangling from the end. It was reminiscent of the female sign and male sign bonded together, yet wisps of gold portraying magical energy floated from the top, held in place by a charm. Opening the notebook, she found it too be blank, yet oddly intriguing. Closing the notebook, she stowed it under her arm, continuing to look for something to take to Ginny, something she'd like. Across on the other side, Ron had found a small leather wallet. Inside was a small thin piece of black rope and a small scrap of paper. Taking the paper out, he read it, his mind confused yet oddly intrigued by the obtuse words: "In privacy and comfort, withdraw the swatch of rope. With intent and motivation, utter the incantation, 'Tyis Restricamor' and revel in an hour of use. Careful with use, for the sight can be truly intoxicating…" Debating whether or not he should purchase the wallet, he felt drawn to it, approaching the elderly wizard and giving him a few sickles, almost unknowingly doing so before sliding it into his back pocket and waiting for Hermione to finish her search for Ginny's present. Retrieving a silver ring, Hermione watched in awe as she put in on her finger, the metal band expanding to fit her finger. Moving to slid it over her wrist, the ring expanded fitting snuggly, yet not uncomfortably around her wrist. Moving it along her arm, she watched it continue to expand to fit her forearm and then up to her bicep. Enthralled by the ringlet, she debated buying it for herself before deciding that it would be a better present for Ginny, Hermione payed a galleon and few sickles for both her item and Ginny's. Turning around to find George and Fred, they found them behind the counter a large green bottle, inlaid with elegant and detailed silverwork, winding around the glass. The liquid inside sloshed and bounced around of its own free will, dancing along the glass, glowing ever so slightly. Fred coughed up a fortune, handing a handful of sickles to the man before admiring the bottle. The wizard disappeared inside his tent, retrieving a large leather bound book, emblazoned with a silverwork image of the bottle. Handing it to George, he explained the two came together before sending them on their way, their faces lighting up with excitement. Not bothering to ask, Hermione led the way back, getting a good distance in front of the three Weasley brothers, Ron desperately wanting to know what it was, but the twins acting obtusely and weaving only complex riddles about the bottle. Hearing them argue in the distance, Hermione threw open the door to the tent, her eyes landing on the Kitchen table and the two-people standing beside it, naked, their cocks softening between their legs as cum dribbled down their shafts, "Harry! Ginny! What the hell!" "Hermione…" Harry said, his hand jumping to his cock as he tried to hide himself from her. Ginny was slower to react and almost not as worried about her seeing them naked. Stammering nervously through his sentence, Harry said, "It's not what it looks like!" "Merlin's beard…" Hermione exclaimed glancing back out the tent to see the three Weasleys getting uneasily close. Panicking, Hermione sped through the tent, quickly gathering their clothes, worried more about Ron seeing Harry with his sister than anything else. Flinging the clothes into her and Ginny's room, she turned to them and said, "Quickly, before Ron gets back. I'll clean up the table." Ginny and Harry leapt quickly into Ginny's room, closing the curtains behind them for some privacy. Standing their naked, Harry's hand riffled through his hair, realising one of his best friends caught him and Ginny practically having sex and his other best friend almost caught him. Turning to Ginny, he smirked, the pair of them breaking into a slight chuckle before laughing openly. Ginny broke the hysterics, saying, "Did you see her face?" "She looked like she was about to faint," Harry smiled, sitting down on Ginny's bed, Ginny quickly joining him as they sat their together for a moment. An intimate moment after a definite shock. Their lips lingered near each other's for a brief moment, before they were interrupted. "What were you two thinking! Out there in the open! We have bedrooms for this very reason! And you Harry Potter! Your best-friend's sister? What were you thinking? Doesn't matter, I don't want to know, just… make sure he never finds out about this. I can't imagine having to sit between the two of you during that," Hermione shrieked just loud enough to be a little intimidating, but not loud enough that Ron would hear. Pacing back of forwards, she glanced at the two still naked on the bed before picking up Harry's jeans and throwing them at him, "Put your clothes on!" "Yeah, sorry…" Harry said nervously, quickly grabbing his clothing and dressing himself as Hermione turned her back to give them a bit of privacy. Doing the same, Ginny gave his cock a soft squeeze before he stuffed it into his jeans, winking coyly as she did so. Pulling on her panties, she got dressed turning to Hermione. "You must remember the warnings Mcgonagall gave everyone in first year? You must be getting to the point where your hand… isn't… making do?" Ginny asked, somewhat concerned. She knew the thresholds. Girls usually hit the point where their hand didn't make do during their third year and Hermione was going into fourth year. "I'm not talking about this. Especially in front of Harry. It's private stuff," Hermione says as Harry finished dressing himself and she turned around to face them. "I'll meet you guys outside. Pretty sure we should be heading out to the cup about now anyway," Harry said excusing himself, turning to Ginny and sharing a brief smile before going to meet Ron and the rest of Weasley family. Hermione was far too worked up about Ginny and Harry to not have something going on and Ginny was near certain that she had hit the point that Mcgonagall was describing. "I'm just worried, that's all," Ginny said, before Hermione brushed her hand of her shoulder striding towards the doorway stopping just shy of the living room to turn to Ginny. "I'm fine. And for your knowledge my hand works fine," she said storming out to meet the rest of the family, knowing full well that everything she had just said was absolute nonsense. Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed that. It turned out a little longer than I expected, but I quite enjoyed writing it. Not entirely sure if managed to get the characters exactly right, but I think I did well enough. Feedback on that would be much appreciated. I feel the characters are the most important part of smut as it makes it more enjoyable, so any feedback on how well or poorly I wrote them would be appreciated. I spent a fair while in this chapter setting up the rules to the whole 'shemale' thing and the items and setting up little things that will play in later, hence the length. So, I hope you enjoyed reading it all and not just the smut, although that is the important thing. Next chapter will be next Monday and won't have nearly as much of setup for things further down the road. Also, I wanted to say something about the tameness of the chapter. I started off slow because I intend to ground the story a little, with sexual encounters being a little more believable. So, that's why I didn't start the story off with a massive crossdressing, ball gag, whips and latex shemale fuckfest. I want to build that throughout the story and possible sequel. So, the chapters will have an incline with the amount of kink featured and will get slowly naughtier and naughtier. Hope that clears up why Ginny wasn't banging Harry left right and centre. She'll cash in her three shots on Harry, but in a way, you might not expect. Stay tuned for next week! Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey! I really appreciate the feedback and the people who poked holes in certain aspects of a shemale society and how it works both biologically and how my explanation of magical build up in women works with the overall story of Harry Potter. And while I never really planned to address any of these in great depth, considering the story is largely smut, I will include an explanation when the story suits it. So, there will be answers, but I won't put them in until the story calls for it! Also, hopefully you'll have noticed the change in the title by now. If not then, surprise. It's changed. What the title means, you'll have to wait to find out, but its relevant! Either, way this chapter focusses on the two other characters that haven't been featured before. I'm hesitant to purely use Harry as the male in these pairings and so I will be featuring a whole bunch of male and shemale characters in the story. Not just Harry! So, without further ado. Enjoy! Chapter 2: Sexual Necessity The final few steps were what made the climb worth it. Stepping into the Top Box, the whizzing air of the dizzying heights, simply astounding, the entire pitch folding out in front of them. The sight was wondrous to behold as they slowly shuffled their way past the other fans, watching the stadium light up in a flicker of lights showing support in either red or green. So, stunning a sight, had etched a grin permanently on Harry's face, despite the fact it had been fixed on long before they even set eyes on the stadium, the toothy smile instead being born from his close proximity to Ginny. The pair had drifted slowly apart out of hesitation, their nerves getting the better of them as they glanced back and forth between Hermione and Ron, wondering how much she told him if any. In the lack of a furious outburst, the pair thought it safe to talk and found themselves speaking in hushed tones towards the back of the group as they made their way to the stadium, careful not to arouse suspicion, especially from Ron's whose temper would not be kind if he discovered what Harry and his youngest sister had done. Hermione shared a disapproving look with Harry and Ginny occasionally, shaking her head before motoring on. The fact that Ginny would engage in such lewd activities in such an open space astounded her, despite her own bulge rising between her legs upon the sight of the two-standing naked in the open. While Hermione suffered similarly to Ginny, the problem that plagued all witches, plaguing her. But she was absolute in believing there were ways to find release beyond violating the sanctity of her first ever sexual encounter. She wanted it to be romantic and passionate, not some quick fuck so she could get her fix. She had spent her past year, pouring over books on how to bypass the necessary change from her own hand to another's, but nothing helped. "What you said back at the tent? About how Hermione must have hit the point where she can't… you know? Do it herself? Is all that true? How long has she been unable too?" Harry asked, leaning into Ginny and whispering after a spiky stare from the bushy-haired witch. She seemed more agitated than angry about he and Ginny, but Harry could never tell with women, let alone Hermione. It was a wonder things happened like they did with Ginny. "I don't know how long, but she's always seemed a bit frustrated this summer. It usual hits in your fourth year. Must be hard for someone like her. I've tried to bring it up, hell I even implied I would… help… if she needed, but she didn't even want to think about the subject. As if it was taboo," Ginny replied as the Weasley family ground to a halt, finding their seats amongst Ministry officials and various other important wizards and witches, the Minster himself amongst them. And of-course, the Malfoy's who engaged Mr Weasley for a moment before drifting to minister like a pack of rats, the palpable air of snobbery hanging thick in the hair. Shaking it off, the Weasley family ignored the family of gits, turning to watch the pre-match celebrations. "Help? Now that's a sight to imagine," Harry chuckled, glancing over to Hermione. Harry stood in between Ginny and Ron, with the bushy-haired witch standing on the other side of Ron, patiently watching what was happening down below. Blushing red, Ginny playfully slapped Harry's shoulder, nudging him back as he chuckled to himself, the lewd sight of the two girls together, pleasuring themselves bringing his own cock to life. "Oh, shut up… It would have been two friends getting a job done, so that she doesn't explode uncontrollably. Nothing sexy about it," Ginny breathed, trying not to let Ron hear her hushed whispers, while Harry laughed to himself, watching Ginny defend the unwanted subtext of her words. "Yeah, I understand. You probably wouldn't have even enjoyed because you're such a good person, just like how we weren't enjoying ourselves. Just getting a job done, eh?" Harry smirked, as Ginny nudged him again with her shoulder, her hand grazing his as they chatted, quickly pulling away as they feared Ron's gaze landing on them. "Blimey! What are they?" Fred exclaimed, leaning forwards, his eyes drawn to the pitch as it was flooded with hundreds of people. They were young women, beautiful and elegant, dancing across the grass with grace as if they were floating. The stadium almost fell silent as they moved across the pitch, their beauty unparalleled by anything, Harry's mind clouding, completely forgetting about Ginny and Ginny completely forgetting about Harry, ogling the women's beauty as they glided towards the exit. Harry couldn't help, but be drawn to their figures, slim, but with large bouncing breast that hung so perfectly, it was clear they were unsupported. Their arses accentuated the perfect hourglass figure, with their dresses leaving nothing to the imagination, cut short an inch below flashing. "Veela…" Mr Weasley sighed as they left, not nearly as affected by the youngsters, Hermione even craning her neck to try and see them as they left. Harry's trance was stirred by a hand softly squeezing his cock. Turning to Ginny, he saw he smiling devilishly retracting her hand as she bit her lip. "Someone's excited…" She teased, Harry's attention not only drawn towards her crotch and the sizable bulge running down the thigh of her tight jeans. Crossing her legs as she noticed how visible it was, Ginny blushed, nudging Harry as he gave her suggestive look, implying that she was far more excited than he was. As the two giggled ever so slightly, their conversation was interrupted by Ron, "Eh, sorry mate… Need the bathroom." "Oh, right…" Harry said as Ginny stood up allowing him to move out the way to let Ron escape to the bathroom. Watching him hurry away, he seemed lost, turning wildly before remembering exactly where the bathroom was. Confused, Harry turned back only to see Ginny crying her eyes out in laughter, Fred and George sharing their chuckle, but far more discreetly. Mr Weasley oblivious to whole endeavour focussed on the Irish mascots, the Leprechauns quickly winning the crowds over again. Turning to Ginny, he asked quickly, "What's so funny?" "I guess the Veela must have really 'got' to him," She smiled, wiping her eyes as the twins both snorted loudly at what she said, glancing over to the bathroom, seeing Ron enter rather quickly. Cluing into what she was saying, Harry broke a smile only to have Ginny lean and say, "I was going to suggest we have a trip to the bathroom, but it appears we've been beaten too it…" Confused, Harry glanced behind him, his eyes widening as he saw Hermione, blushing heavily speed quickly towards the bathroom, in her addled mind forgetting which bathroom was for witches and entering the one explicitly for men. Sharing a look, Harry couldn't help but smile, hoping that the bathroom walls were soundproof enough. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Hermione burst into the bathroom, grunting uncomfortably as she did so, her jeans tightening with each step she took. The bathroom was pristine white, spattered black onyx bricks replacing the constant shining sea of white with a checked pattern. Having not clued into her mistake, Hermione saw only two stalls in the entire bathroom, the walls lined with urinals. Strange as it may have seemed, it wasn't all too different from the girl's bathrooms, considering they could utilize urinals with ease, but the distinct lack of stalls should have been her first clue. Despite their ability to use urinals, witches often elected for the more private of venues, often still coming to terms with the thick piece of cock between their legs and their difference to the muggle world. Out of the two stalls, only one was free, the other having been slammed in a hurry at it still wobbled on its hinges from the force of closing it. Glancing over her shoulder, she quickly took the free stall, locking it in a hurry as her hands leapt to the tight buttons holding her jeans on, the metal clasp bursting at the seams. Grimacing ever so slightly, she undid her jeans, breathing a sigh of relief as the pressure in her jeans was relieved. Sliding them down to her feet and kicking them off alongside her shoes, Hermione slid down onto the toilet seat, her boxers straining as her cock fought for freedom. Moaning softly to herself, Hermione gently rubbed and squeezed her cock through the fabric of her loose fitting black boxers. Feeling herself harden fully beneath her own touch, she bit her lip, knowing full well there was someone in the stall next to her. Leaning back, her mind was flooded with images of the Veela, their bodies and accentuated features. She had read about them and how they exude sexuality their mere presence enough to entice people, Hermione included. Much to her dismay as well. She had managed to keep on top of herself for the summer, controlling her sex drive and managing to calm herself in times where she needed to jerk off, knowing full well that if she succumbed to such carnal pleasures, her hand would be futile. But now, the Veela managed to tick her over the edge and her hand was her best hope of any stimulation as she hoped to all hell that it would work. Hooking her fingers inside her boxers, she relished the comparative freedom they provided in lieu of panties. Where Ginny often wore panties, even going so far as to own a thong if Hermione's glance at her drawers was anything to go by, Hermione forwent the idea of the thin swatches of fabric with boxers being far more comfortable. Maybe not as sexy, but she was beyond the idea of ever letting a guy seeing her wearing them, at least until her moment of romanticism came about. Quickly ditching her boxers, she let her bare arse press against the lid of the toilet, her cock flopping beneath its own weight slapping against her toned thighs, a smear of pre-cum stretching along her thigh. Softly groaning as her cock sprung free, she piled her clothes in the corner, wearing only her top once she removed her denim jacket. Deciding to keep her top on, she leant back, her hand wrapping itself around the base of her cock, holding it straight. Throbbing beneath her grip, she felt her shaft pulsing in dire need of relief, a bead of pre-cum rolling down her bulbous head as she slowly worked her hand along the shaft towards her head. Standing tall at eleven inches, she was ever so slightly longer than Ginny, but for what she garnered in length ahead of Ginny, she lacked in width. Ginny's cock outdid her in girth, but neither cock was really lacking in size with both cocks being above average, but far from obscene. Her hand tightened around her shaft, gently tugging her foreskin back and forth across her length, she stifled her moans, biting her lip, but growing less and less conscious of the fact that she wasn't alone. Grazing her hand across her head, she lathered her hand with the copious amounts of pre-cum that left her cockhead shining, before using it as lubrication, stroking her shaft, spreading her pre-cum along her cock. Her shaft began to glisten as she picked up her pace, the sound of soft slapping filling the bathroom. Soft whimpers left her mouth as she slowly pleasured herself, her hand driving careful and powerful strokes along her cock, whispers and hints of pleasure building in her as he balls slapped against her thighs. Her hand moved seamlessly back and forth across her shaft, making careful use of her thumb to glide over her tip, both teasing the most sensitive potion of her cock, but also collecting more pre-cum to keep her cock lubricated. Her head fell back against the wall, resting there as she instinctively pushed her hips upwards, driving her cock into her hand, fucking the tight ring her fingers made, her eyes rolling back in pleasure as the tips of her fingers grazed her cockhead. She could feel her nipples hardening, poking through the thin fabric of her top and her bra much to her confusement. But she couldn't care less. The pleasure building from her constant jerking, the slaps growing louder and louder, was enough for her to moan openly, her soft pleasured sounds filling the bathroom, joining the chorus of erotic sounds she was creating. Unbeknownst to her, amidst the rhythmic slapping of her own cock, another rhythmic series of slaps joined in, drowned out amongst Hermione's louder sounds. Reaching up to her top, she pulled his upwards, over her breasts, the hem kept in position by her somewhat sizable bust. At least for her age. Instead of going through the hassle of removing it, she simply freed her breasts. Unable to manoeuvre around to unclip her bra while still massaging her cock with the lustful intent she had built up, she withdrew her wand from the pile of clothes and in a haze of orgasm craving, sex addled mind, she used it to slice through the garment, the bra falling to the floor in three large shreds. One of the pieces softly fell, brushing itself underneath the gap between the two stalls and into the hands of the person beside her. Ron. Having stopped what, he was doing upon the sound of the bathroom door opening, Ron let his cock flop against his thigh, sitting and waiting for the person to leave. Only they didn't. Instead the familiar soft slaps filled the room, the same sound the room was filled with when Ron was alone. And as a soft feminine moan filled the room, Ron felt his hand drift back to his own cock, softly joining whoever was next to him in pleasing themselves. The idea of a woman in the stall next to him running their hands along their pussy, fingering themselves, rubbing their clit in the manner portrayed in the muggle magazines floating about the common room, while he jerked off was insatiable. His mind completely neglected the fact that the sounds filling the room sounded very unlike those of a tight pussy, but instead were that of a thick cock. Ron failed to realise, the naughty imaginative perversion of a fourteen-year-old boy carrying him away on a separate train of thought than that reality. Gently fondling his own cock back to full mast, he jerked it softly, his length standing at nine inches, comparable in width to his sisters, yet the comparison remained unknown to him. Playing with his cock, he imagined a Veela had mistakenly entered the bathroom and occupied the stall next to him, the Veela having been the trigger for his sudden escape to the bathroom. An unknown factor in terms of Veela, even unknown to Ron was their accentuated effect on those having not been sexual stimulated for extended periods of time. Hermione was most prone to their abilities, followed quickly by Ron who since having been in the company of Harry for a portion of the holidays, had had to restrict his teenage pleasures down considerably due to lack of privacy. The images of a particular blonde Veela striding across the field came into his mind, the idea of that particular one arousing him even further as he stroked his cock with more fervour. Next to him, Hermione's mind was a haze of pleasure, her cock throbbing in desperate need of release. Her free hand had taken to one of her breasts, massaging it, her palm grinding into her nipples as she rubbed her soft flesh. Adverse to the idea of her nipples being used for pleasure, Hermione instead favoured the fleshy handfuls, taking to playing with them squeezing them softly between her fingers. She continued to slide her hand faster and faster along her shaft, even going so far as to dribble saliva over her hand to speed up the pleasure. The orgasm building in her stomach had ground to a halt, the succulent pleasures of her hand still building, but never surpassing the well inside her. She had hit the point. Her body was still rife with pleasure, but she could feel something within herself keeping her orgasm from bursting free. As if she stood on the very precipice of cumming, but her body neglected to take the last step. Her hand futilely sped up, her mind growing hazy through her desperate need to cum. Gritting her teeth, she stroked her cock with increased fervour, her face growing red with strain, her free hand even going so far as to rub her nipples, the added pleasure bringing her no closer to cumming. Letting her cock flop against her stomach, she threw her head back, cursing loudly, "Fuck! Fuck…" "Hermione?" Ron exclaimed as he heard the person speak, the familiar tones of his bushy-haired friend echoing throughout the entire room. Strangely enough, Ron's hand lingered on his cock. Having stop stroking himself, he simply held his shaft, feeling it pulse beneath his fingers as he realised just who was beside him, playing with themselves alongside him. "Ron? Oh, my god! Am I in the… oh god! How long have you been here? No don't answer that? I'll just… eh erm… I'll just go…" She says hesitantly, knowing that her cock wouldn't rest, that pit within her craving release. Her mind was already distracted, still lingering on sex event though she had far more pressing things to worry about. Instinctively covering her breasts as if Ron was watching, her mind tried to focus on the base emotion of embarrassment, but it lingered on the idea of an orgasm. Much to her dismay as she realised how wrong the situation was, yet the part of her who was logically thinking wasn't in control. "What's wrong? You swore… loudly. You never swear…" Ron said, quickly without thinking, the part of him that was concerned taking control, stuffing his cock back inside his trousers as he realised that there must be something wrong if Hermione was like that. Even he wasn't stupid enough to not figure that out. "I was frustrated… with… doesn't matter. We should go watch the match. People will be wondering where we are," Hermione said, the logical side of her mind urging her to go and get dressed, while the naughtier part, the part that had been starved for an orgasm for weeks urged a more perverse thought. Fuck Ron. As soon as it came, Hermione thrust it aside, her mind rifling through reasons why she shouldn't. Every reason fell through as her naughtier side practically screamed at her to do it. "Frustrated with what? You know you can tell me," Ron asked, genuine care in his words as Hermione blushed wildly, debating with herself. There was the part of her who wanted to just leave, but a louder part that wanted her to invite Ron in. What if she let him see her and if he elected to help of his own volition? She wouldn't be doing anything. He'd be the one starting things even if she gave him a little nudge. Deciding that it was the only logical way forwards, despite knowing deep down that if it went wrong, it would go cataclysm. "Erm…I suppose you could… eh… come see. If you want, that is…" Hermione stammered, adding the last portion quickly, so as to defer any responsibility. Ron's eyes widened as he realised what she was suggesting. She had been playing with herself and was now inviting him into the same stall as her. In Ron's teenage adolescent mind this meant one thing. That and all the unattainable lewd scenarios displayed in the magazines he often saw, had skewed his perception of these kind of scenarios. Practically leaping out into main portion of the bathroom, he heard Hermione slowly open the door and as it swung open just enough, Ron laid eyes on the truth. Sliding down from her pert breasts, he felt his cock hardening until he laid his eyes between her legs and on her thick, rock hard cock. Strangely enough, the idea of a woman with a cock had crossed his mind before and he found himself surprisingly open to the concept. Yet In practice, when it was flung on him, not so much, "Blimey… is that a…a, you know?" "Yeah! It's a penis…" Hermione exclaimed, her heart sinking as she suddenly realised just how she expected Ron to react. Even the orgasm crazed side of her body realised that this was how he was going to react in retrospect. Ron leapt back, his eyes widening at the sight as Hermione grabbed her jeans to cover herself up, "I know it's hideous and of course you would react like that, why would I think you wouldn't. Any guy would be like that if they saw a girl with a penis instead of a vagina…" "No, it's just... I didn't expect you to be naked. Hell, I'd probably have the same reaction if you know… it was a… vagina," Ron explained, seeing Hermione blushing heavily at his reaction. Playing down his startled reaction, he lied about it being the shock appearance of her cock and tried to play it down as normal before he noticed something interesting that she said, "How did you hope I would react?" "I don't know… this is stupid… Honestly, I don't know what I was thinking. I'll just get dressed," Hermione said, moving to close the door, her cock flopping into view, causing her to focus on covering herself. Grabbing her top, she pulled it back over her breasts as Ron stopped the door with his foot. "Wait… you said you were frustrated?" Ron said, trying to continue the conversation, realising that Hermione was a little self-conscious due to his own reaction. "Well… I can't… I can't cum. I can do all the other stuff, but when it comes to the end, I just can't. Eh, Witches get to a certain age when they can't exactly finish themselves," Hermione explained, nervously stammering through word after word, trying to stop herself from continuing, but finding Ron's growing interest working in her favour. Ron slowly began to piece everything together. "You were hoping I'd help you, weren't you? When you told me to come see?" Ron said, burying his head in the crook of his elbow as he debated what he was saying. "A part of me… But that's stupid and wrong. Besides we're friends, it wouldn't be right… It was stupid to even think that you'd do that," Hermione said, moving to close the door yet again, but once again Ron stopped her as he made a bold suggestion. "Don't be like that, Hermione. I'd be more than happy to… you know? Help out?" Ron stuttered, hesitant to look at Hermione, even though what he was suggesting would bring them closer than simply looking at each other. "Really?" She asked, looking up at him hopefully, dashing Ron's hope that she would politely decline, despite the part of him, strangely intrigued by the sizable cock between her legs and the petty side that was blushing due to the fact that she was bigger than he was. "Yeah, could be fun. Besides how hard can all that be. I've gotten pretty good at using mine. Same thing, different… cock…" Ron mused, as he finally looked at Hermione, seeing the flicker of a smile as she acknowledged his awkward attempts to defuse the situation, her heart racing, giddy even, at the prospect of finally getting the chance to orgasm after so long. "Eloquently put, Ronald…" Hermione smirked as she let the door swing open, Ron taking a step in, but not deciding to close it. At this point, the prospect of anyone interrupting them was beyond either of their consideration and the erotic experimental air lingering between them was all that they were focussing on. "So, how does this all… happen?" Ron asked timidly, expecting to start of slowly touching each other, exploring bodies, the whole experimental scenario as they grew accustomed to each other before one of them bent over and presented themselves. Him banking on Hermione offering to present herself, although certain logistical errors presented themselves as he wondered where he would put it. Some girls liked it in their arses, but it was often something romantic that couples grew into through trust. Not the first thing that they leapt into. "Well, you could start on your knees?" she said rather quickly, the lustful side of her taking control as Ron's eyes widened in shock. That wasn't exactly what he meant by help as he glared down at the slick shaft, glistening with her pre-cum and saliva, shock still ringing in his head, "Woah, whoa? On my knees. You want me to suck it?" "That's the easiest way." She lied, knowing full well that a simple handjob from Ron would tip her over the edge rather quickly, but she wasn't herself, a slight dominant side showing, one that Ron clued into and strangely liked. He always played her off as the bossy, prudish type, but that was attractive in its own ways he started to realise. Unaware that she was lying about the easiest way and was simply wanting to cum, he remembered the fact that he agreed to help, eying up the whole, thick piece of cock. "Okay… okay… just a lollipop… a big dick shaped lollipop," he said, trying to convince himself as he sank to his knees, Hermione's eyes widening as she saw him so willingly and easily succumb to the idea, almost as if he wanted to. Smiling, she gasped, feeling his hot breath on her shaft, she leant back, letting Ron slowly wrap his hand around the base of her cock, holding it straight up. Any erectness that had dissipated during their emotional discussion quickly returned, her cock springing back to life, harder than it was before now that it was in Ron's hands. Tentatively reaching forwards, Ron let his tongue slip between his lips, still shaking and hesitant to even touch her cock with it. Bottling his fears, he lay the flat of his tongue against her cock, running from the base all the way to the tip, curling the wet muscle around her glistening, pre-cum covered cockhead. Tracing his tongue across the tip, he expected the taste to be far saltier, at least by Seamus's perverted accounts from what he had been 'told' by her supposed previous conquests, but it wasn't. It tasted… palatable and as Hermione moaned loudly, he was spurred on, letting his tongue run along every inch of her cock, before settling on her head. Taking a deep breath, he opened his mouth wide, wrapping his lips around her head, his tongue pressed flat against the base of his mouth as he simply held her cockhead in her mouth. Trying to breathe, he found that her cock blocked his mouth and so he concentrated through his nose, his mouth softly sucking her tip as saliva built in his mouth. Using it to lather her in his mouth, he was spurred on by the number of grunts and pleasured moans coming from Hermione's pleasured ridden face. Trying his hardest to shift his tongue, he unwittingly brushed his tongue against the flared curve of her cockhead, a deep throaty moan coming from her lips, prefaced by a loud erotic gasp as she subconsciously thrust her hips forward, implying where her desire lay. Steadying himself, he slowly pushed his head down, holding her shaft steady as he felt her cockhead probe deeper into his mouth. He watched inch after inch slip past his curt, thin lips which were tightly spread around the thick shaft. As the third inch slipped inside, Ron's throat began to object as he gagged and spluttered around her cock. The four inches buried in his warm velvety mouth were eliciting the most pleasure Hermione had ever felt, as she felt herself tip slowly towards an orgasm, the barrier preventing her from cumming disintegrating, the familiar, yet long unknown sensation nearing ever closer. Reaching his limit on taking cock into his mouth, he focused on pleasuring Hermione, the soft moans and whimpers coming from her lips quickly becoming some of the most erotic things Ron had ever heard. The way she sounded and pleasure he gave her was intoxicating and only inspired him to do more. Mimicking some of the magazines, he slowly began to work his head back and forth across the three inches of her monumental shaft, focusing on her tip, often parting his lips from her cock only to attentively lick all across her head before delving back into the blowjob, secretly hoping to take a little more each time. Eventually, he managed to work a fourth inch inside his throat, much to his perverse joy, before Hermione took over. Slowly sliding her hand into his hair, Hermione softly encouraged his movements, guiding his mouth along her shaft as she kept his temp and pace in check. The bossier side of her overtook her as she indulged in the pleasures of Ron's mouth, making sure that her cock was grazed in the most sensitive areas. Ron couldn't really complain and didn't want to. His offer of help was so that he could help pleasure her and if she took control then that was fine by him. It was to be expect though. Slobbering over her delicious cock, Ron looked up at Hermione as she slowly pulled her top over her head, her naked body standing clear in the bathroom. He couldn't see her clearly, but he felt his own cock twitch as she let her hand wander to her breasts, softly massaging the sensitive teats as she moved Ron's head up and down her cock like an animate sex toy. Pleasure began to consume and cloud her head as she felt the itch to lodge more cock inside Ron's throat. Subtly at first, Hermione began pushing him a little harder whenever her cock prodded the back of his throat, whispering for him to swallow beneath her breath. But as the itch grew more unpleased, she snapped, thrusting forwards while pulling Ron's cock towards her bushy crotch. His eyes widened as he felt his throat give way, seven inches of her length burying themselves down his throat. Gagging and convulsing around her cock, his throat was velvety and wet and tight. The perfect combination of delicious and wondrous pleasures enveloped her cock as she debated forcing his entire throat down on her cock, burying every inch she could, but ultimately decided to simply revel in the delicious seven inches she'd achieved so far. Softly thrusting back and forth, she watched in awe as saliva spilled out of his mouth, dribbling over his chin as she fucked his throat. Much to her surprise, the only objection she had received was a startled push against her thighs as she initially thrusted inside, but now Ron seemed willing to her casual throat fucking. Accepting it, Hermione began rocking her hips back and forth, her cock prodding deeper and deeper into his throat, an eight-inch finding its way into his tight, wet hole. Beyond the initial thrust, Ron felt himself slowly warming to the bossier side of Hermione, the more dominant side. There was something erotic about being dominated that set a fire in Ron's cock and having throat used ever so slightly had a certain perverted twinge to it. Not that he'd ever let Hermione know, otherwise she'd grow fond of it. Her balls swayed back and forth with each pleasurable thrust, never more than two inches leaving her throat at a given time before sliding slowly and softly back in. Her orgasm-addled mind was slowly getting closer and closer to that sumptuous release, but she craved more. And the image of the redheaded boy bent over ready for her cock was plaguing her mind. Slowly pulling her cock back, she watched him splutter over the last few inches, every inch of her cock slick with saliva, even the ones that weren't lucky enough to be inside of Ron. Yet. Moaning at the cold biting air that surrounded her cock, she fell backwards on the toilet seat, watching Ron trying to recover. "Oh fuck…" Hermione moaned as Ron fell backwards, saliva dribbling down his chin, strand still connecting her cock to his lips as she steadied herself against the wall. Choking through his words, Ron spluttered for a few moments, his voice a little raspy as he replied, "That was a bit rough Hermione… Jeez, almost choked me… Fuck…" "Sorry… I don't know what happened to me… I kind of just lost control," She panted, the pleasure Ron gave her almost overwhelming as she neared her orgasm. He forced abstinence over the past few weeks neglected to make her more sensitive when it came to cumming, instead making her have to work it a bit harder. "Don't worry about it… just try not to choke me and all that…" Ron spluttered, clambering to his feet, his cock pressing hard against his jeans as he looked Hermione up and down, her entire naked body on show for him, from her breasts to her saliva slick cock, "What do we do next… I mean, beyond the mouth stuff…" "Erm… we could have sex?" Hermione asked tentatively, knowing full well that she'd have to go beyond handjobs and blowjobs if she wanted to cum. However, her lusty side wanted Ron to bend over, letting her ride him instead of the other way around. And there was a part of Hermione who knew that even after his loving attention to her cock, he wouldn't exactly be pleased about that suggestion "You sure?" Ron asked, not wanting to be accused of pressuring her even though she had been rather roughly sliding her cock in and out of his throat, with him having very little control in the matter towards the end. "I mean it's not the romantic option I was hoping for, but it's better than the alternative," she sighed, her mind a little disappointed that this wasn't prefaced with a romantic meal with someone she really cared about. She cared about Ron, but not in that way. At least she didn't think so. But her mind was slightly changing. She had hoped she'd have been able to wait long enough to have that moment, but it was better than the alternative. And from the descriptions of what happens to witches who neglect the drive for relief, Hermione never wanted to even wanted to read about it again, let alone witness, let alone experience it. Brushing it from her mind, she turned to Ron who had stumbled back into the open part of the bathroom. Following him, on shaking, pleasure ridden legs, she timidly suggested, "I suppose you should get naked?" His eyes widened as he heard those words drift from her lips, the words that he had only fantasised in his most private of moments. They were few and far between at Hogwarts, but he still revelled in the idea of Hermione acting like that in his presence and now he no longer had to fantasise. Almost ripping his clothes, he tossed his jumper and t-shirt to one side, battling against his jeans before dropping them alongside his boxers. Kicking his shoes and socks to one side, he stood there naked, his cock twitching at the prospect of being inside Hermione, the teenage dream he had lived in his mind, albeit slightly different that it was now, finally coming to fruition. Hermione admired his body, toned and not nearly as podgy as she had imagined. She would even go as far to say above average. More so than Harry, who when she saw him, appeared leaner and a little scrawny. And Ron's cock was sizable as well. Larger than Harry's, at least by her estimate. Returning to reality, she said quickly and to the point, "Bend over then…" "Wait me? I thought I was going to…" Ron stammered, his heart racing unwillingly towards that idea, his cheeks clenching in anticipation and a little fear. "It only works for Witches when we give," Hermione quickly lied, not wanting to pass up the chance of fucking Ron, not after seeing how delectable he was beneath his clothing. She would deal with the aftermath of her lie later, but now she was only focused on the tight, welcoming hole that he was about to present her. "Okay… just don't ram it in…" Biting his lip, he agreed turning towards the sinks and slowly bending over, looking at himself in the mirror, his nerves settled by the sight of the slender, beautiful girl striding up behind him. Hermione bit her lip as she admired Ron's arse. Much to her surprise there was a lot to admire. Plump and fleshy, but in the good kind of way. The way that looked simply delectable. Tentatively, she reached her hands forwards, placing one on each of his cheeks, spreading them apart. His cock and balls dangled beneath, but her true prize lay winking at her. His tight puckered arse, untouched lay there before her, willingly. Breathing steadily, Ron waited as Hermione guided her saliva slick head towards his hole, gently prodding arse, begging for entrance. Managing to secure the tip in a slight opening, Hermione slowly began to work it in. He was unbearably tight, his face contorted in discomfort as she tried to weave her way inside him, but to no avail. Trying to calm himself and relax, Ron tried to open himself up. Letting go of his ass cheeks, Hermione used both her hands to try and work the tip in, using her thumb to peel apart his arsehole, finally finding her entrance. The very tip of her cock managed to find a way inside and as she slowly pushed forward, she watched his unbelievably tight arse envelop her cockhead, wrapping snugly around her head, both lovers sharing a moan, Ron's more in discomfort than pleasure. It was strange. His asshole ached from being stretched, yet everywhere her cock touched was lit up with pleasure, his entire insides revelling in the new entrant. The pain from his ring being stretched was stronger than anything, but the hints of pleasure made it bearable. At least Hermione was easing him in, letting him warm to the sudden intruder. After a reassuring nod from Ron, she continued. Holding him steady by the hips, she slowly began to push forwards, easing her cock slowly inside him. Inch after inch worked its way through his hole, the bulging thickness stretching him wider with each inch, albeit slightly. Groaning in pleasure, Hermione listened to Ron's grunts as she made half of her cock at home inside him. The pleasure was unbelievable. The tightness, the softness of his insides were hugging and squeezing her cock delightfully, the pulsating convulsions of his adjusting arse doing wonders for her nearing orgasm. Softly thrusting the last few inches' inside him, she pressed the fuzzy tuft of pubic hair against his soft arse cheeks, their balls slapping softly together as she gave him a moment to adjust. Ron's eyes bulged, but slowly drifted into pleasure as he grew accustomed to the length. Every inch that slid inside him brought pain, but suddenly her tip had ground against a sensitive spot, his prostate. Wealth after wealth of pleasure flooded his body as her cock teased and massaged his prostate, his entire arse filled with her cock. Thank god It was lubricated. As he adjusted, he felt her softly beginning to ease out, gently thrusting a few inches in and out of his ass, painstakingly slowly working them back in. While the devil inside her told her to pound his arse into oblivion, she stayed slowly thrusting back in, the light slaps of their saliva slick balls bouncing off each other. Gently fucking him, Hermione's eyes lit up when he elicited a soft moan. Taking this as her cue, she slowly slid her cock all the way out of his arse until only the tip remained snugly inside before easing it back in. Not wanting to increase the roughness or pace of her thrusts, she simply expanded into working every inch of her cock in and out of his clutching, willing arse, savouring each time his arse greedily enveloped her once more. Rubbing and pulling on the soft flesh of his arse, she revelled in the sounds of the balls colliding a little louder, but more infrequent. She relished each thrust, her cock trying to probe deeper, but only getting massaged by his glorious insides. Clenching his fists, there was a part of Ron that wanted her to speed up. His cock was twitching wildly in pleasure, each grinding thrust against his prostate almost enough to tip him over the edge. That and the soft timid moans of Hermione, which grew bolder and bolder by the second as she succumbed to pleasure and perversion of the scenario. Speeding her soft thrusts up ever so slightly, she dribbled a mouthful of saliva across her cock, making sure it remained lubricated, ultimately speeding her thrusts up ever so slightly. But she didn't want to hammer into him. She didn't want to pound him until no tomorrow. Not until, they had grown accustomed to it. Even though the lusty side of her begged for it. Biting her lip, she decided to put it to a vote. "Can I go harder?" Hermione whispered, bending over Ron, pressing her soft breasts into his back, sliding the entirety of her cock inside him in one thrust. Nibbling softly at his ear, she asked to use his hole, to finally get the orgasm she craved and the response she got was not only a yes, but a surprise in every respect of the word. "Please…" he moaned, grunted as she shifted slightly inside him, the pressure of her cock against his prostate driving his mind crazing. The ache had all but faded, replaced by wave after wave of rousing pleasure, pleasure that was only halted by her caring question. As he murmured the word, ecstasy hanging in every word he breathed, he felt her breasts leave his back and her hips slowly draw themselves out of Ron. Feeling himself empty once again, he moaned, only to have his voice stifled by a rough, pounding thrust deep inside him. His voice disappeared entirely, replaced by a silent grunt of pure pleasure, a horny grin on Hermione's face as she prepared her second thrust. Pounding back in, a moan escaped Ron's lips as he buried his head in the mess of hair above him, biting his lip to stop him from screaming in pain and pleasure. The slapping of their balls colliding filled the room, louder than ever, if slightly less frequent. Slower more powerful, thrusts shook both their bodies in pleasure, Ron's given a wave of pure orgasmic delight with every thrust and Hermione's pleasure becoming more a building wave. Groaning and grunting together, Hermione began to loosen Ron up, feeling her thrusts quicken in pace, the slaps echoing throughout the room growing louder and louder as their voices joined that chorus. Their moans were unrivalled as they forgot where they were, both simply craving orgasms as Hermione started to pull Ron's hips back onto her cock, each thrust getting deeper and deeper thus, Ron's cock swinging back and forth, the sensitive head often bouncing of his stomach adding another degree of pleasure to the comparatively rough sex they were having. "Hey Ron, you've been a while. The match is about too… oh…" Harry said, as he opened the door and peeked into the room. The two had been gone for a while and Harry was curious as to what was taking them so long. Looking around the room, his eyes landed on Hermione and Ron, Hermione's attention not even faltering from the task at hand as she slowly began to go harder, fucking Ron with increased fervour. Ron's face went bright red as he tried to stop what they were doing, but Hermione kept going. Even in his panicked embarrassed state, Ron noticed Harry didn't even seem surprised, a victorious smirk etched on his face as he said "Sorry guys, I'll come back later I suppose." "Harry it's not what it looks like!" Ron called after him through pleasure grunts, Ron's cock twitching as Hermione set him back on track, his mind swamped with pleasure as her thrusts became rougher and more frequent, much to Ron's tastes. Harry closed the door, a smirk on his face as he returned to Ginny, leaving his two best friends to their fun, hardly able to contain himself as he sat back down next to Ginny. Ron's mind quickly turned back to the task at hand as Hermione wove her hand into his hair, roughly jerking him back into position, making Ron moan at her more dominant touch. Even the logical side of Hermione had succumbed to the pleasure coursing through their bodies, every single part of her wanting to cum and cum hard. Holding Ron's hips roughly, she made sure to keep him in place, roughly driving her hips back and forth, hammering her cock deep into his hole, her tip twitching inside him as her constant pre-cum lubricated his insides, making her deeper sawing thrusts easier to accommodate. Fucking her new-found boy in his arse, Hermione gritted her teeth, making sure to get as deep as she could with each thrust, but also ensuring that every inch of her cock was withdrawn, before lodging itself back in. Her breasts, as small as they were, were bouncing wildly in their place, her nipples hard. Ron had started grunting loudly, his cock twitching, ready to cum, but wanting to feel Hermione cum first before her even dared. Out of simple respect for what he promised her. Her hands massaged his ass cheeks, plucking and pulling the soft cheeks as she spread his hole roughly in two, the pain starting to flare up inside Ron, only adding the pleasure. Unable to contain himself any longer, Ron groaned loudly, his knees almost giving way as his cock pulsating, strand after strand of cum spurting out across the floor of the bathroom. His arse tightened around Hermione's cock, making it harder for her to drive into him, but it didn't deter her. She was adamant on milking her cock using his hole and as he came, his arse clenching, it simply made him tighter for her. A few quick pumps into his clenching arse and she came, several long strands of cum painting his insides. The sensation of being pumped full of cum milked a few more drops from Ron as he collapsed, sinking to his knees, Hermione's twitching cock slipping out of his hole. Not even having to touch it, Hermione spurted a few more strands of cum, landing on his arse, back and shoulders, even going so far as to land on his thighs. Every last drop squeezed itself out of her cock as she breathed rapidly, trying to recover from the orgasm. From the relief. Her mind began to clear as she realised how rough she had been and what she had done, a flair of embarrassment flushing behind her cheeks as she looked down at Ron. "Wow… that was… something…" Ron grunted as he slid down onto the floor, wincing as his ass hurt from the light pressure of sitting down. His back was covered in cum, but much to both Ron and Hermione's amusement, they watched the bathroom clean itself, the immaculate state returning due an innate enchantment. Smirking, he rested on his side, trying to find a comfortable way to sit as Hermione slid down beside him, her cock slowly softening, the relief of an orgasm becoming simply mind blowing. "It really was… sorry about… being a bit rougher, I don't know what came over me. I've not cum in a long time. I guess, I kind of lost it…" Hermione apologised her hand resting on Ron's thigh, softly massaging his ass cheek. The sensitive, intimate touch was lost on Ron, but the fact that she could touch Ron like this without confusion or sudden shock meant more to her than that romantic moment she craved. Smiling, she looked up at his eyes, the pain of her less that gentle fucking still lingering, but the sentiment of his consent standing more powerful inside her. "Don't mention it…" he grunted, finding a position that didn't sit to bluntly on his aching hole. The pain would pass, but the fact that he had sex with Hermione Granger trumped it all. Even if it wasn't as he imagined it. Looking her in the eyes, he said, "I suppose explaining this to Harry will be a little awkward." "I'm sure he'll understand," Hermione chuckled, casting her thoughts back to when she interrupted him and Ginny, knowing full well that if Harry tried to play out her and Ron as an excuse for anything, his secret may slip. And Ron would be far more unwelcoming that Harry ever be. Seeing as it was his little sister that Harry was balls deep inside. Ron was very protective. Smirking, Hermione also added, "Besides, he'll have to get used to it… we have a whole year ahead of us…" "A whole year? You're not suggesting?" Ron said, his heart fluttering as she suggested a more extended relationship beyond that off this moment. Yeah, she might have needed a little help every now and again, but this implied a more permanent endeavour. Holding Ron's cheek, she slowly leant in, pressing her lips against his, her cock grinding against his as they kissed passionately. Moaning softly into each other, Hermione broke the kiss, smiling as she said, "Far more romantic than I thought…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "You were right," Harry smiled as he slid back into the seat beside Ginny, her eyes flying wide open as she glanced towards the bathroom, the Minster for Magic's words echoing throughout the entire stadium as they chatted. "Was I? So, you owe me five galleons?" she said ecstatically, the money being far beyond what she was concerned with, hoping to be able to suddenly develop the ability to see through walls in order to see into the bathroom. Tugging Ginny back into her seat, Harry smiled. "About them having sex, yes. But you owe me the galleons…" Harry added, his smile growing even wider as her mouth fell open, gaping in shock and awe. "No! He wasn't?" she simply said, Harry having to hold Ginny in place to stop her from rushing to the bathroom to confirm what he was saying. It was less the fact that It was his brother, because with anyone else, she would have been far more disgusted than she was. But it was the fact it was Hermione, especially after the disapproving interruption she gave Harry and her. "What would you expect?" Harry smirked as Ginny, craned her neck once more, the stadium erupting into applause as the snitch burst into life and players darted back and forth across the pitch, the World Cup beginning, "I can't believe you bet five galleons on Ron being on top. You know he was in there with Hermione, right?" "I don't suppose I could pay in another way?" she smiled seductively, overacting the sexy demeanour to the point that it was laughable. "No, I'll take the galleons," he laughed, winking at her as Krum almost burst through the glass into the Top Box as he fought the Irish seeker for the snitch. "I can't believe she gave me stick about you right before she went off and did this…" Ginny said, sulking ever so slightly as Hermione's hypocrisy before the stadium burst into applause, the Irish chasers, coordinating an impressive manoeuvre, not only scoring, but knocking Krum of the trail of snitch. "It's probably for the best," Harry said, an even bigger smile stretching over his face as he realised just how brilliant the situation was. "How so?" she asked, both curious and dubious of his joy, the situation appearing to her as something that would make the year a pain in the arse. Well more so than Harry and her relationship, which up until this point had largely been about pain in the arses. Only the pain was prefaced by incredulous pleasures. She had no doubt Hermione and Ron would have a similar experience, but Ginny would only suffer from the two being together. That was until Harry mentioned what he was grinning about. "We'll, they're gonna try to explain themselves to me at some point. And I'll put ten galleons on the fact that that is gonna be the funniest thing to happen this entire year," Harry smiled, offering his hand, which Ginny gladly took as she laughed at the idea of Ron explaining taking Hermione's cock in ass. There was no chance that she was gonna miss listening in on that! Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that chapter. I intended to make it a little shorter than the last one, but somehow it just became as long as it did. Ah well, more for you guys to read. Hope you enjoy this and remember that the name of the story will be changing. I will also be taking a few creative liberties with the source material to make certain events happen, but it will be largely similar to the events of the book. A few tweaks here and there. But plenty of smutty fun, with an underlying story about sex. Also, I would be interested to know how interested people would be about the story. Would you prefer the focus to be almost entirely on the smut with a few things to string it together, or would you prefer to have equal portions story and smut? What kind of ratio would you guys be interested in seeing? I have the story planned, it's just a case of how much of each chapter do I devote to expanding that story? Would love to know opinions on the rations you'd like to see! And any pairings! I have the story planned, but there is room to emphasise on other pairings if people wish. And I would also love to know thoughts on gay content? The implication of male/male is far different the shemale/male and so I would like to gauge the audience base before including that kind of stuff! Thanks! Another important detail I want to emphasise. This won't be the kind of story that utilises one pairing for one chapter and then throws them away. There will be a multitude of pairings, but there will be quite a few recurring ones that explore different kinds of sex instead of just having a new pairing ever chapter. On another note, this point will be added to every chapter uploaded this week (16/01/2017). I am starting a two-week job today and will be incredibly busy over the next two weeks. On top of that job, I have a writing job and this hobby, so I must prioritise. So, for the next two weeks, I might not be able to update every story I promised to. I will try for at least a new chapter for at least two stories for the first week and the second week will be an update to the two I missed. Saying that, I might not even be able to do that. But I will return to four new updates on the week beginning (06/02/2017). Apologies. Until next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys, apologies for the brief term of absence. Work was pretty hectic the past two weeks and I haven't had time to sit down and write. But we are back with weekly updates! So, lots to be excited about! I want clarify a few things about the story, a few reviews that were left. I wasn't entirely clear, but the story will focus around Harry for the most part with him featuring sexually in the most number of chapters. However, I will be including other male characters alongside Harry. Ron appears in half as many chapters as Harry and the rest of the guys even fewer. There will be quite a few shemale/shemale chapters as well. In regards as to which guys will be appearing, they are listed as follows: Harry, Ron, Draco, Fred, George, Krum, Cedric and Neville. They all appear a few times, but Harry the most with Ron in second. Most of the time characters overlap into multiple pairing chapters and the plan isn't finalised. So, those here for Harry will have plenty of Harry to enjoy. I must also stress that there is a focus on shemale/shemale chapters as well. The reason I want to vary the pairings is because if it's always Harry, then telling a narrative story is difficult. Writing a story that is portrayed purely through Smut can be difficult, but restricting yourself to having every chapter include Harry is even harder. Not to mention that it will keep the story fresh and the variety of interactions and scenarios and motivations can be explored. It also keeps my interest in the story, thus keeping the story alive. And that's what it's all about! Hope you guys understand that. There just seemed to be a few people wondering about the ratios of characters and the fact that Harry won't be starring throughout. Some reassurance that people enjoy other characters beyond Harry would be appreciated, so a review wouldn't go amiss. Also, what are people's thoughts on including gay content? I'm not talking about having entire chapters dedicated to guys fucking guys. Rather the occasional interaction when having a threesome? For example, Harry/Ron/Hermione. If Hermione said it would be hot if Harry sucked Ron's dick, would you guys be okay with that or nah? Without further ado, enjoy chapter 3. Chapter 3: Sinister Pleasures The campsite erupted in plumes of smoke, the charred carcasses of tents, crumbling into ash as fire surged through the camp, rippling with noticeable control as it spewed from the tips of wands. Death Eaters strode like kings, their masks a ghastly white as fire raged bright. Ministry officials leapt forwards, surges of red light blasting towards them, only to be quickly cast aside. Swarms of people charged in all directions, some lunging for the safety of the treeline, other racing to grab their portkeys and others simple picking a direction and running. However, amidst the chaos and destruction, Draco strode with purpose, pushing aside those in his way, his wand grasped tightly in his fingers. His father had told him to run, only he had different plans, his mind rushing through the quickest possible pathway. Breaking into a light jog, he burst through a crowd of people running for their lives, the noticeable lump of a body knocked unconscious below his feet. Striding straight across the lump, he darted around a collection of tents, arriving in what used to be a small collection of market stalls. Rushing across the small clearing to a battered old tent, collections of wild rubbish piled high, an old wizard speeding back and forth as he shovelled what he considered his most valuable pieces into a small bag. Sheathing his wand, Draco began to riffle roughly through the mounds of rubbish, his hands brushing the piles to one side, his face flustered. The sinking feeling rose within his stomach as he began to realise what was happening. Unable to find it, he turned to the old wizard, bellowing over the sounds of chaos, "Where is it? Old man, where is it?" "Where is what?" the man stammered fearfully in response as he slung his bag over his shoulder preparing to apparate at a moment's notice. Craning his neck around his crumbling shelter, he caught a glimpse of the black hooded figures moving swiftly through the shell of the once mighty campsite. "The ring? Where is the ring? I saw it here earlier!" Draco bellowed, the amassing group of robed men dancing through his peripheral vision as they neared ever closer. Seeing the man about to dissapparate in fear, Draco lunged across the counter, grabbing him firmly by the lapels of his robes and holding him In place. "I sold it!" he said, the whites of his eyes showing as he saw the Death Eaters, stride slowly around one of the tents, chasing after a group of fleeing wizards. Shrinking into his robes to try and evade the sight of the twisted followers of the forgotten dark lord, he tried to free himself of Draco's grip. "To who?" he roared once more, his grip slackening on the old wizard, the hairs on the back of his neck standing up on edge as he glanced quickly backwards. He could see the Death Eaters turning, their gaze landing on Draco and the merchant, the group slowly moving towards them. "I don't know! Some bushy-haired girl! Had a nice behind…" the old Wizard replied, his mind briefly clouded as he remembered the young girl to whom he had sold the ring. The throw away comment was enough to distract Draco, confuse him just enough that his grip dissolved allowing for the wizard to apparate. Cursing loudly, he slammed his fist against the table, several trinkets falling to the ground, before he turned to face the Death Eaters. One strode directly towards him, wand drawn prepared to cast a spell only for another to wrench his arm away. Confused for a moment, the two Death Eaters, shared a brief look, shrouded behind their masks before the one who intend on cursing Draco, turned in the other direction beckoning the others to follow him. The hooded figure who had stopped the first, stared at Draco, their eyes briefly connecting before the Death Eater nodded. Despite the heavy adornments of robes and thick layers, the definite feminine curvature was apparent beneath it all. Steeling his nerves, he turned and broke into a sprint, trying to curb his frustration. He could hear the screams and cries of those facing the Death Eaters slowly fade into the distance as Draco caught up with the crowds of people desperately trying to grab their portkeys. Pushing his way through the crowds, knocking person after person out of his way, he caught a glimpse of Hermione and Ron, their faces flustered as the scanned the crowds. Before he could register the possibility that Granger could possibly be the Bushy-Haired girl, he felt his arm tugged to one side. Glancing to his right, he saw Pansy, a small hairbrush in her hand. The look of panic was emblazoned on her face as she offered the brush towards Draco, her voice barely sounding over the panic, "Let's go Draco!" Grabbing the portkey, the two were suddenly pulled from their place amidst the crowd, their bodies lurched forwards and the spun through the air. Unable to distinguish where they were, the waited a moment, their bodies unnervingly nauseous. Letting go of the small brush, they quickly toppled to the ground, their bodies slamming painfully into the polish granite and marble of the Malfoy Manor. Grunting painfully, Draco head ached as he rolled onto his stomach and pushed himself to his feet. "Are you alright Draco?" Pansy said instantly through a pained grunt, her back arching against the stone as she writhed in uncomfortable pain. The initial displeasure of the port-key wore of and was replaced by the hardened landing. Turning to face Draco who has leapt to his feet, awkwardly pacing back and forth across the main hall, his hand sweeping his hair back in a panic. Concerned, she called, "Draco? Draco say something." "I'm fine!" he spat, his mind rife with possibilities. He needed that ring and now someone had taken it before him, with nothing but a weak description to follow. Sighing heavily, he strode slowly up the stairs in silence leaving Pansy as she staggered to her feet, her footing shaky to say the least. "Were those Death Eaters back there? I thought they all finished when you know who died?" she said as she sped after Draco, her leg almost giving away as she sprinted after the boy. The curious part of her overtook the caring and fixated lover as she fretted over the implications of the Death Eater's return. "Well obviously they didn't," Draco sneered, her distraction doing very little to actually calm him as he tried to plan out his next move. There would be hundreds if not thousands of 'bushy haired' witches that attended the World-Cup and narrowing them down to the right one would be nigh impossible. "What's wrong Draco? You're all… flustered," Pansy said as Draco rounded the corner. Snaking her arm around his neck, Pansy was quickly brushed away. Bursting into his bedroom, Draco stood there for a moment as Pansy caught up with him. A large four poster bed was in the middle of the room, dressed with black and emerald green sheets, the wood a darker shade to contrast the white marble floor. His desk in the corner was laden with hastily scrawled letters addressed to him, each one gibberish to anyone else who dared glance at them. A small bathroom led off from the side of the room. Catching up with him, Pansy draped herself over his shoulder lovingly cradling her head in the crook of his neck, "I could help?" "No, you couldn't…" he sighed, his mind fleeting back to Hermione. The odds of her being the one who bought the ring ranged from astronomical to downright unbelievable, but Draco found himself with no other choice. How many bushy-haired women did he know who also went to the cup. If he was going to search for all of them, he considered that he should maybe start with the one he knew. "Are you sure?" Pansy asked a smiled stretching across her face as she tried to lean in for a kiss, hoping Draco might return the favour, only to have him wrestle his way out of her grasp. "Yes!" he bellowed, frustrated. Circling his bed, he clambered onto the soft mattress, propping himself against the headboard as he contemplated his options. The room fell silent for a minute before Draco turned to Pansy expectantly, "Well? Why do you think we're in my bedroom? Why aren't you getting naked?" "Really Draco? After all that you want to…" Pansy began, her mind struggling to figure out how after all that Draco wanted to have sex. Before she could finish, Draco interrupted, his voice almost tired. "Just get naked…" he sighed, burying his forehead in his hand before looking back up at Pansy. She was dressed rather seductively. She wore a simple pair of jeans that appeared incredulously tight, framing he rather petite arse. She wore a tight black jacket over top of a black shirt, a pair of black boots protecting her feet. Regardless of what lay beneath, Draco found her to be somewhat attractive. Even if during his first encounter with the girl, his hopes of traditional sex were dashed. He had his reasons for picking Pansy and not some other Slytherin slut. "Okay baby," she smiled, her hips starting to sway, slowly at first. She turned her body, the swaying motion of her arse almost intoxicating as she dropped her jacket to the side. Flaunting what she had, she was quick to unbutton her shirt, draping it over her shoulders before peeling it slowly down her back. The emerald green fabric of her bra was swiftly revealed as she tossed the garment to one side, her show beginning to tire on Draco. The growing bulge between his legs longed to see some flesh. Bending at the waist, she pushed her bum backwards, slowly unbutton her jeans before peeling them back over her pert arse cheeks, the tight fabric of her emerald thong framing what flesh she had. Sliding her jeans down to her ankles, she drew her wand making swift work of her boots which slid themselves off with ease. Standing in only her underwear, a part of Pansy started to grow on the scenario, the past events of the evening slowly dissipating as the empowering feeling of eroticism took over her body. Reaching behind her back, she unhooked her bra, the tight-fitting piece of clothing slipping away as she clasped it too her chest. Turning to face Draco, she adorned a sly smirk as she teased him with glimpses of her small chest. Seeing a flicker of annoyance in Draco, she dropped the bra, her small, rather flat chest falling free, each of her tits capped off with tiny little nipples. Gently massaging them as she danced, she hooked both of her nipples between her fingers, tweaking them slightly and pulling on them, watching Draco's hand subconsciously paw at his crotch. "Hurry up!" Draco snapped as he felt his cock harden exponentially. As Pansy gasped, almost startled, Draco let the dogmatic side of him take over, explaining himself and the fervour he was currently in, "I was planning to buy something at the cup… But someone else got to it before I could." Hurriedly sliding her fingers inside the tiny string of her thong, Pansy worked it down her thighs, dropping the pair of panties to the ground and stepping out of them. Her arse was a little flat, with hint of her tight little arse hole, ever so slightly agape from past experiences, winking from between her cheeks. However, down between her thighs lay her cock. Smaller than most, despite having hit the point where it would have grown to full length, Pansy's shaft was currently flaccid, the mood of the moment dashed by Draco's need for swiftness. It dangled at three inches soft and only four once hardened, much to Draco's appreciation. When he and Pansy first did this only a year ago, he was startled to say the least when her cock flopped out from beneath her robes. If it weren't for the fact that he was horny, he wouldn't have gone any further, but he begrudgingly bent her over and the pair lost their virginity together, much to Pansy's excitement. But as Draco suddenly learnt the truth about his various female classmates, he became more and more disdainful, annoyed that he may never feel the touch of a woman's pussy without sullying his cock with a muggle. So, he settled on Pansy, who's cock remained amongst the smallest he encountered and the least noticeable. Clambering onto the bed, she slowly crawled along the sheets, kneeling in between Draco's legs as she smiled seductively up at him. His hand left his crotch, but was quickly replaced by Pansy's swift hands. Unhooking his trousers, she peeled them down his legs a little before drawing his boxers slowly down his thighs. His thick shaft flopped against his stomach, his bulbous tip winking at Pansy as she wrapped her slender fingers around the base of his cock, holding him at full mast. Standing at seven inches, Draco's cock appeared far thicker than most. Whilst he had never measured it exactly, it was extraordinarily thick, much to Pansy's enjoyment. Licking her lips at the sight, she slowly stroked her hand along his shaft, feeling it pulsate beneath her grasp. He had shaven his crotch and balls hairless, the thin wisps of silvery hair appearing unattractive in his eyes. And obstructive whenever Pansy's mouth found itself wrapped around his cock. Which was more often than not if, Draco had anything to say about it. "What was it?" she smiled, her eyes flickering as she let her hand slowly work its way up and down his cock, her hand drifting between her own legs as she softly squeezed and pawed at the small shaft she bore. Gently fondling herself, she brought her four inches to full mast, her hand focusing on the sensitive flesh of her tip. Laying her head on Draco's thigh, she lazily stroked his cock, her lips pressing softly against the base of his thick shaft as she gazed doe eyed up at her lover. She felt her hand grow slicker as a dribble of pre-cum appeared from the tip of her cock, making her bite her lip in anticipation of a taste. Parting her lips, Pansy wrapped them tightly around the tip of Draco's cock, her tongue wrapping itself around his head, coaxing a dribble of pre-cum from the tip. Moaning loudly, Draco watched her slowly work her tongue across his head, her greedy little mouth savouring every drop of pre-cum that came her way. She had grown accustomed to the taste, even developing a desire for it. While she suckled delicately on his cockhead, she made sure to continue her slow methodical jerking, each movement milky more and more pre-cum for her to enjoy as she lathered his head with her saliva. Adjusting her position, Pansy opened up her throat, the tight constricted hole ready to accept his delicious shaft. Slowly sliding her lips along his cock, she let inch after inch slip past her lipstick painted lips. Her tongue began to get trapped as his cock grew thicker, the muscle becoming pinned against the base of her mouth as she eyed up the base of his cock. She had grown experienced over the past year since their first encounter. Having managed to only work her lips across the first three inches of his cock, she soon trained herself to accept six, the last one still eluded her today. At least while she was voluntarily sucking his cock. She could manage the last inch if Draco was kind enough to offer a little… encouragement. The sixth inch disappeared inside her throat before she began to gag and splutter, the last inch pushing her too far. Convulsing around his shaft, she withdrew to comfortable lengths, working her lips back and forth across his shaft. Her lip stick had made a ring around the sixth inch mark, a testament to her ability. Somewhat proud, she continued to work her lips and throat along his shaft, his tip continuing to spew pre-cum into her throat which she swallowed greedily, loving the taste. His balls would occasionally swing enough to slap her chin, but rarely enough to make a habit of it. Closing her eyes, she focussed on moving her mouth methodically back and forth, the sensation of a thick shaft plundering her tight little throat causing her hand to start to speed up along her own cock. Jerking herself off with increased fervour, she looked up to Draco, only to find his gaze elsewhere, pondering something and ignoring the loving attention she was devoting to his gorgeous cock. "A ring. A very powerful ring. Old fool probably didn't even know it's value. But someone else bought it before I could even get there," Draco explained, his breath catching in his throat as he watched Pansy suckle on his cock, working her lips across his shaft. Her body may be lacking in the places he desired, but she made effort in learning how to suck his cock. Her tongue darted around his thick shaft as she slid her lips back and forth. The added pleasure was bringing his cock closer and closer to an orgasm, an orgasm he didn't want to have until he had sunk his cock balls deep into her tight, little arse. Drawing her lips slowly back along his shaft, she made sure that her tongue grazed every portion of his delicious cock before she popped the head of his cock out from between her lips. Moaning ever so slightly as she did so, she slid her hand along his shaft, her thumb rubbing back and forth across the tip of his cock, the simple touch enough to send shivers of orgasmic pleasure through his entire body. Removing her hand from her own cock, she brought it up to Draco's balls, gentle fondling them, coating them in her pre-cum which was laden upon her hand. Smiling up at Draco, she gently stroked his cock as she tried to catch his attention. "Who bought it?" she asked dumbly as she jerked his cock, her hand speeding back and forth across the sensitive flesh with ease, her saliva acting as the perfect lubricant. Planting soft kisses along his shaft, she pressed her lips against the tip of his cock, her tongue darting from between them to dance across the sensitive purple head. Biting his lip, Draco clenched his fists, her tongue curving around his bulbous tip eliciting a wealth of delicious pleasure. Wrapping the tip of her tongue around Draco's shaft, Pansy made special care and attention to lather every inch of his cock with saliva. Working her tongue slowly down his shaft, she made sure to continue sliding her hand up and down the shaft, using the saliva she coated it with as lubrication. Passing her thumb over the very tip of his cock, she smeared a small amount of pre-cum across her finger which she used to coated his cock to an even more lubed shimmer. As she neared the base of his cock, she smiled, seeing the ring of dark lipstick around the point of his cock that she had enveloped. A mark of her ability and a source of a certain degree of naughty, perverse pride. Leaving his shaft, but continuing to stroke it, she wrapped her lips around one of Draco's balls, passing her tongue back and forth across the sensitive organ, making sure to coat the entirety of his sack with her saliva. Popping the ball out of her mouth with an audible pop, she quickly enveloped it once more, playing with it as she passed it and out of her mouth, her tongue making constant efforts to please Draco. Moving onto the second ball, milked a few more drops of pre-cum from his tip, the pleasure building around his testicles. Popping his second ball out of her mouth, she quickly latched her tongue back onto his shaft, sliding it back up towards his head. Giving his tip a few licks, she enveloped his cock once more. With no difficulty, she slipped six inches back into her throat, using her mouth to flex around his delicious shaft. Her hand latched onto his balls, while the other snaked its way around the one inch of his cock that she couldn't swallow, gently stroking it. Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, she pulled her lips back up to his head taking a small breather before diving back for more of his sumptuous cock. "The old man said it was some bushy-haired girl," Draco moaned, his hand resting atop Pansy's head as she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. Her eyes widened as she felt the force on the back of her neck and the all too familiar feeling of Draco's grip. He began to slowly push her down, feeling her lips spasm around each inch of his cock that disappeared into her mouth. As she neared the sixth inch, she felt her throat begin to flex, tightening around his shaft, hesitant to take anymore. Draco had other ideas. Snaking his fingers amidst her hair, he forced her to bob her lips up and down for a moment before roughly pushing her head towards his crotch, the very last inch of his cock pushing back her defences as her lips pressed against the base of his shaven, hairless cock. Moaning he finished, "Fool dissapparated before I could ask anything else." Pansy's throat began to spasm wildly as the last inch of his cock forcefully probed her throat. Unable to fight his grip, she tried to relax as much as she could, but found her throat would disagree. Saliva began to build in her mouth and she was unable to swallow it due to the large cock lodge deep in her throat. The width of his shaft was stretching her lips unbelievably as she tried her hardest to adjust to the thick piece of cock in her mouth. Draco let out a low and deep moan, the pleasure of having his entire cock submerged in a tight, hot, wet hole enough to make him want to fill her mouth to the brim with his cum. Strengthening his grip around her hair, he began to slowly bring her mouth up along his shaft, dragging her unwillingly along his cock. Her tongue was pinned against the base of her mouth by the thick meat that was sliding out and as she finally got comfortable with amount of cock in her mouth, Draco slammed her head back down. His crotch came to meet her lips, the lipstick mark she had left at the sixth inch disappearing and instead being pressed against the base of his cock. Coughing around his cock, a strand of saliva slipped from between her lips, dribbling down her chin and even onto her pert, little tits. Picking up in speed, Draco began to build a rhythm. Drawing Pansy's mouth back and forth across his cock, using her mouth simply as a hole to sink his cock. Wrapping a second hand in amongst her hair, Draco began to thrust his hips upwards, fucking Pansy's throat as he made sure every thrust sank every last inch of his cock into her throat. Her throat kept contracting around his cock, adding to his pleasure, but only serving to make her even more uncomfortable. Shifting her position, she pushed herself up onto all fours, her hand snaking down to her own cock. Gently jerking herself of as his cock forcefully probed her mouth, her throat being used for Draco's pleasure, Pansy began to moan around his cock. Rubbing her thumb back and forth across her tip, she moaned insatiably, sending orgasmic vibrations through Draco's cock. Gritting his teeth, Draco let the pleasure and eroticism of the moment consume him, fucking Pansy's throat with all his fervour. Tiring ever so slightly, he returned to a slow methodical rhythm, his orgasm edging nearer and nearer. Using his one hand to guide her along his cock, he thought about whether it could be Hermione. "It could be Granger? I mean what other bushy-haired girl do we know…" Draco mused, his hand continuing to pull Pansy up and down, speeding up ever so slightly as saliva began to pour from her mouth, dribbling down the side of his shaft, lubricating it to a thin shimmer, "Or Lavender? No, she'd have no reason to buy a ring. Only reason a dumb slut like her would buy it is because it's shiny." Taking his hand of Pansy's head, he let her come up for air. Sliding her lips back along his shaft, she gasped wildly as she let his saliva slicken cock flop against his stomach, smearing across his skin. Breathing wildly, she felt her throat continue to spasm as she tried to steady her breathing. Her hand instinctively returned to his cock, jerking his saliva soaked cock with her hand, while her other hand had never even left her own cock. The idea of his Draco's more dominant side aroused her, but she still longed for a more sensual encounter. "It could be anyone. No doubt there is more than two bushy-haired witches in the world," she spluttered as she wiped the saliva from her chin, her hands continuing to work them across both her and his cocks. Breathing heavily, she used the sheet to wipe as much of the saliva that had dropped down to her breasts, smearing her breasts with saliva and adorning them with a glossy shimmer. "Yes, but if I'm going to have to search after all them for the ring, I may as well start with the ones I know!" Draco said frustrated, as he brushed Pansy's hand to one side. Quickly throwing his suit jacket to one-side, he unbuttoned his shirt exposing his slim, somewhat athletic chest. Sliding his trousers down his legs, her threw the rest of his clothing to one side, flopping back onto the bed as Pansy knelt there patiently, her cock standing prominently between her legs. Gesturing towards his shaft, he said, "Now get on with it." Obediently, Pansy crawled atop Draco, straddling his waist. Sitting down against his cock, she pinned his shaft against hers, Draco grimacing at the unwanted touching. She had her own cock, but Draco rarely ever touched it. Only when he felt obliged did he do so. Gently grinding her body against his, she slid her cock against his, the ridges of both their shafts grinding against one another, a tiny glimmer of pleasure drifting through their bodies. Sliding a bit further forwards, she pinned his cock between her arse cheeks, his cockhead prodding her tight constricted rosebud. The simple graze was enough to make her moan, a drop of pre-cum dribbling from her tip and landing on Draco's stomach, again to his disgust. Lifting herself up, she grasped the base of his cock firmly, holding the tip snugly against her arsehole. Breathing deeply, she slowly probed her tight little hole, seeking entrance. Nestling it comfortably between her cheeks, she pushed it inside herself, the thick bulbous tip stretching her in that familiar yet unfamiliar way. The width of his head made her mouth fall softly open, a groan of painful pleasure hanging on her lips. Breathing deeply, she let the head settle inside herself, before letting go of his shaft, confident that it would remain lodged inside her tight little hole without assistance. Moaning softly, Pansy began to slowly slide herself down his cock, feeling her tight little arsehole expand to accommodate the ever-thickening size of his cock. Draco's cock was almost tapered, growing ever so slightly thicker as you reached the base. Whilst looking at it might not reveal this, accepting such a thick bulbous shaft into your arse certainly distinguishes the growing thickness. Having taken him with ease on many occasion, Pansy quickly grew accustomed to the size of his cock, the thickness stretching her just enough for hints of pleasure to be apparent, but not enough for her cock not to be swimming in pleasure. Leaning down, she ran her hands across Draco's chest, fondling his soft skin as she continued to ease herself down, inch after inch submerging itself in her ass. Groaning loudly as she felt her arse press against the base of his cock, his balls planting themselves against her cheeks, Draco and Pansy let their eyes roll close. He never tired of her arse and in a strange way he was rather lucky she had a cock. Everyone always bragged about anal being a perverse thing that no woman ever does unless upon special occasion, but Draco had lost count of how many times he had slid his cock inside Pansy's tight little bum. "So… what's so special about this ring," Pansy moaned as she slowly began to rise her hips up and down, easing his cock in and out of her arse, savouring each delicious, throbbing movement his cock made inside her. Biting her lip, she made sure to relish ever ridge and vein as it slowly slipped past her tight little hole. Steadying herself by planting her hand on his chest, she closed her eyes, lovingly moving her body back and forth with passion. Licking her lips, she felt only the tip of his cock nestled inside her, signalling her slowly and erotic descent. Each inch eased back inside her with little effort, the pain dissipating into pure orgasmic pleasure. "I'm not entirely sure… But it's powerful. And I need to get it," he replied, her slow and passionate moves interwoven with an erotic performance not pleasing him as much as it did her. Her idea of pleasurable sex was skewed when it came to him. Begrudgingly allowing her, her moment of lust and pleasure, Draco ran his hands along her thighs, his thoughts drifting back to the world cup. He needed to get that ring. That much was sure. And every time the ring even entered his mind, his thoughts returned to that one Death Eater at the world-cup, the woman who saved him from a curse. The ring was very important to her. "Well then why do you need to find it, if you don't know what it is?" She purred as her arse once more pressed itself against his thighs. The entire length of his cock was submerged inside her again and she loved every inch of it. Sensually grinding her hips against his thighs, she moved his cock around inside her, each shift o her body sending pleasure coursing through her body. Her cock twitched and begged for attention and amidst her pleasure fuelled haze she murmured, "Oh…. Oh… Jerk me off baby…" "It doesn't matter why I need it. Just get on with it," he sighed, snaking his hands around to her arse and lifting her upwards. The sudden shift brought a hint of pain followed by pleasure, but Pansy caught the message. Moving herself up and down his cock a little faster, she leant back, her hard four-inch cock, bouncing with each soft, pleasurable bounce she made. Out of a perverse obligation, Draco slid one of his hands around to her front, his long, bony fingers wrapping themselves around her shaft. He didn't have to shift them far to encompass the entirety of her length, but began to soft stroke her shaft, squeezing tenderly around her tip. The added pleasure caused her to moan a soft moan, a sound that admittedly turned Draco on considerably. The room began to fill with soft rhythmic slapping sounds as Draco's saliva slick balls slapped against her arse and Pansy's balls slapped against Draco's stomach. Draco's hand continued to move up and down her shaft absentmindedly. Unwilling to look as he jerked her off, he simply moaned and groaned alongside Pansy. She was moaning loudly as she sped up, each bounce eliciting pleasurable groan. The combined pleasure of Draco's shaft lodged in her butt and his hand continuing to works itself along her shaft brought her closer and closer to an orgasm, an orgasm she had craved since the start of the World Cup. Desperate to cum, she began to speed up, her bounces becoming faster and more powerful. Adjusting her position so that she rested on the balls of her feet rather than her knees, Pansy began to softly slam her arse down onto Draco's cock, feeling his tip plunder deeper and harder with each powerful thrust. Draco's other hand began to roam her body, caressing her skin, loving the sensation her soft flesh. Grasping her breast, he softly squeezed it before drawing it back down to her arse cheek. Softly pawing and pulling at the tight, pert handful, Draco swiftly and painfully slapped the flesh, adoring the sensation of it jiggling beneath his hand. Gasping from the pain, Pansy felt her body flood with even more powerful pleasure as the sensation of Draco's hand on her cock became amplified in contrast to the sharp burning pain on her bum cheek. Biting her lip, she let her face contort in pleasure, much to Draco's annoyance. While she had a pretty face, she lacked the ability to keep it that way when she was having sex. It seemed to always contort in a way that made Draco uncomfortable. That combined with the fact that he despised jerking her cock made Draco lust for a change of position. Sitting up, Draco pushed Pansy of his cock and onto her side. Squealing in confusion, she quickly figured out what was happening as Draco manhandled her onto her hands and knees, presenting herself from the best angle. Burying her head in the pillows, she let her hand drift between her legs. Softly jerking herself off, she waited for the pleasure of Draco's cock to fill her back up again. Even the anticipation was enough to make her quiver as she bit her lip as she waited for the undoubtable wave of pleasure. Spreading her cheeks, he eyed up her tight bum, her constricted arsehole gaping from a moment before. Spitting on her arse to lube it up, Draco pressed his cock against her ass, the tip nestling itself comfortably in the open hole. Confident that it was going to remain, he slowly pushed forwards. Feeling her hole graciously accept his cock with no problem, he snaked his hands around to her hips. Gripping her tightly, he thrust forwards all the while pulling her back onto his dick. Her arse crashed against his hips, the entirety of his cock becoming submerged inside her instantly. Pansy's eyes flew open while Draco moaned loudly, the sound of his balls slapping against hers ringing throughout the entire house like a bell. Her voice disappeared from her mouth as her mind tried to adjust to the sudden and painful intruder. Despite the frequency at which they had sex, she never grew accustomed to the sudden intrusion, always finding the pain overwhelming in contrast to the pleasure. Breathing heavily, she brought her hand up from her cock, needing the extra stability as Draco began to move himself back and forth with the same fervour and power of his initial thrust. The room filled with the crashing sound of their bodies slamming together, the slapping sound of flesh becoming the chorus to which Draco fucked her. Throwing Pansy's more careful and decisive thrusts to the wind, Draco favoured a fast and hard approach, slamming his hips against her ass cheeks, the sound of his balls slapping against hers only serving to spur him on. The feeling of constantly being empty and then full of cock began to grow on Pansy as the first soft moan she could stomach left her lips, the pain still emanating through her body. Forcing Pansy down onto her stomach, Draco pinned her cock against the soft bed sheets. The new angle allowed for him to get deeper, his cock reaching tighter untouched places in the girl's ass. Gasping and grunting with each thrust, Pansy felt Draco drape his body over her back, the feeling of his chest pushing her down into the bed setting her cock on fire. Each thrust ground her cock against the soft surface, pre-cum leaking across the sheets with each powerful and meaningful thrust. Spreading her legs a little wider, Pansy relished the sensation of Draco's balls slapping against her own, the brief contact of their genitals enough to make her moan. The pain began to dissipate as Draco built up a noticeable rhythm. Their bodies began to glisten with sweat, Draco's face contorted in pleasure. Writhing together, their skin grinding against each other, both of them forgot who each-other were and simply melted into the moment of pure orgasmic pleasure. Moaning in unison, Draco couldn't less about her cock and Pansy simply adored the feeling of being full of cock, regardless of whether or not it was Draco's. She felt his thrusts begin to speed up and become more frantic, his cockhead twitching deep inside her arse, ready to spurt his load inside her. With one last crashing thrust, he buried his cock deep into her arse, his orgasm ticking over. His balls slapped against her and unleashed strand after strand of cum deep inside her hole, filling her tight little arse up with cum. Moaning and groaning as she felt his cum probe deeper inside her than his cock could, Pansy tightened her grip around the sheets, letting him paint her insides. Moaning loudly, he made sure her arse milked every last drop, thrusting softly inside her a few more times as the last dribble of cum leaked from her ass. Breathless, he fell to one side, his cock leaving her arse with a pop as a dribble of pre-cum left alongside it. "I hope you're not done yet baby… I still need my happy ending," Pansy purred, as she let her fingers dance along his chest, her heels playfully bouncing against her arse as she bit her lip. Her cock was leaking pre-cum across the sheets as she softly ground her hips into the bedspread. "I need to think…" Draco groaned, rolling onto his side, his flaccid cock bouncing of his thigh, a smear of cum dribbling from the tip as she fell swiftly to sleep, nothing but soft breathing coming from his side of the bed. Pansy's eyes widened in shock, before she sighed in disappointment. "Baby? Really?" she asked, shaking his shoulder softly before rolling of the bed, grumbling loudly. Her cock was still hard and bounced with each step she took. Striding slowly over to the bathroom, she turned the light on, looking into the large mirror that hung on the wall. Her eyes were drawn instantly to her small breasts. They were nice, but when compared to the other girls at school, they came off a little underwhelming. Her arse was much the same. Beneath her robes and clothing, it looked like it might have some meat to it, but ultimately appeared surprisingly flat. And then there was her cock. While Draco considered it a blessing that it was as small as it was, the most unnoticeable of all the ones he had seen as he put it. Although, Pansy often wondered just whose cocks he would have seen, considering that the options were as unlikely as ever. Despite all that, Pansy was a little disappointed. It may grow in time, but she knew it wouldn't be as big as she'd like it. Not that Draco would ever let her use it on him. His preferred sexual positions always had her facing away. Still, it didn't stop her mind from fantasising about her 'boyfriends' tight untouched hole. Sighing, she slowly wrapped her hand around her cock, gently stroking it as she cast her gaze over to Draco. He had fallen asleep on top of the covers, his back facing towards her. Pansy's eyes drifted down towards his arse, tight and pert, but in the good way. Biting her lip, she sped her hand swiftly along her cock, ogling her boyfriend's tight little arse, imaging him on all fours, spreading his cheeks. Or on his knees his mouth lovingly suckling on her cock, taking every inch of her cock into his perfect mouth. A moan escaped her as she fantasied about the perverse opportunities that Draco denied her. He would clamber onto her cock after a long day, easily sliding it deep into his ass. Picturing him riding up and down on her cock, Pansy fell backwards, landing on the toilet seat as she imagined his arsehole stretching and flexing to accommodate her cock. She didn't have a pitiful length in her fantasy. It would long and thick. Even more so than Draco. He would be stretched beyond belief by her dream cock and he would love every second off it. He'd endure ever thick, bulbous inch of her glorious cock because he loved her. He'd lean down, passionately pressing his lips against hers as she pawed and pulled at his small, little arse. Their tongues would battle while he impaled himself willingly on her cock, his moans quickly over taking him as he threw his head back in pure orgasmic pleasure. As she continued to fantasise, her mind began to drift, a sudden realisation dawning on her. She soon realised as her hand sped back and forth across her shaft, that she would no longer be able to bring herself to orgasm while fantasising about Draco. She hadn't reached the point in her life where her hand no longer sufficed. She thought that it was due to her engaging in sexual activities long before the need for her to actually engage with other people. No doubt it would hit her this year and she'd have to hope that Draco would help her along when she needed to. Otherwise, she would need to find someone more willing to help her. Or unwilling... Draco bent over, his hand spreading his cheeks wide as Pansy pressed her gargantuan tip against his tight, budding rosebud. Without difficult, she sank the entire enormous length into his arse, her fantasy growing a little rougher. While Draco always took it a little harder when it came to sex, Pansy fantasied about a time when she would be in that position. Ramming her cock in and out of him without mercy. He'd love it though. He'd scream, but it would be in pleasure more than pain. And he would beg for her to go harder and harder and harder until he couldn't walk. Moaning loudly, she felt her cock began to twitch. Pulling it out of Draco's arse, she flipped him over onto his back, spurting strand after strand of cum across his young face, painting him thick with her seed. Just as she did that, her hand coaxed cum from her cock in reality, spurting several strands across the bathroom floor, her cock swiftly deflating after her pleasure filled fantasy. As she flopped onto the bed next to Draco, he would wrap his arms around her, pulling her close as they both began to harden again, that encounter being only the first in what would be a long pleasurable night. As she caught her breath, she opened her eyes, the bathroom swimming around her as she cast her eyes over to Draco, her cock flopping against her thigh, just as soft as his. Sighing, she conceded that her fantasies were her own and may never stretch beyond being such. Wiping the cum from her thigh and the floor, she strode back into the bedroom, clambering on top of the covers and sliding her hands around Draco. Pulling him close, she pressed her softened cock against his arse cheeks, her shaft slipping between them. Smiling, she ground her shaft against him slightly, savouring the closest feeling she had ever got to being inside of him. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. Started off a bit slow, but it's all necessary for the story down the road. And also, for the people who might complain about Pansy and her endowment, there is a narrative reason for her being so small. I know this is almost entirely smut, but her size does matter… narratively speaking… Let me know if you enjoyed it or if you didn't. The next chapter will return to Harry for anyone who is wondering and will also be introducing a character I couldn't wait to include. And I certainly wasn't going to wait until fifth year to introduce her like the actual books did. Any thoughts on who it is? ;) Also, if you could let me know your thoughts on gay content, that would be great. Whether you'd be up for it, or not. Like I said, I wouldn't be dedicating entire chapters to just two blokes. I would be using it alongside one of the many shemales that will be in the story! Things like the occasional blowjob of maybe a shag if the story asks for it. The story functions completely without the gay content, it's just an option that if people would like, I'd be willing to pursue. So, let me know! I leave it up to you guys! Till next week!
Author's Note: Hey guys. Another week, another instalment. And we are back with Harry and joining him as he explores alongside a very sexy young witch. I don't have much to say other than in regards to gay content. I have posted a poll on my profile that asks definitively if you are for or against gay content in this story. I will have it up until next week when the chapter goes live and I'll take the results as they come. Gay content won't be a major occurrence and there will be appropriate warnings when such content is written, if it's written. So, if you are interested in the story and want to shape how it will turn out, then go cast your vote. Won't take more than a minute. Also, apologies for the brief delay. I fully intended to have this ready for last Monday, but time just got away from me. I would also like to say that these chapters are far longer than I intended, so please appreciate that it takes time to write -what is hopefully- 9000 quality words of content. It takes time and I have another writing job. Unfortunately, I don't get paid to write Smut, so I can't devote more time to it! A man's gotta eat! So, without further ado, enjoy Harry's ventures aboard the Hogwarts Express in 'A Peculiar Ride' Chapter 4: A Peculiar Ride Pushing his way slowly through the crowds, Harry breathed it in. He always loved the train station, the air, the atmosphere, the bustling wizards and witches rushing to get their children aboard the train. It always made him smile, made him feel like he was back where he belonged. The buzz was no different this time around, people pushing past others and wrestling to get on board and snag a compartment for themselves. Hermione and Ron had managed to get ahead and waved down Harry from the door to the train, letting him know they were aboard. After a quick farewell to Mrs Weasley, Bill and Charlie, Harry clambered aboard the train, weaving through the chattering groups of passengers. He saw Ron and Hermione duck into their own compartment a fair way down the train, forcing Harry to dive through a group of third-years. As he slowly made his way down, his path was suddenly blocked, one of the compartment doors flying wide open and a familiar redheaded, freckled face obscuring his vision, "Ginny!" "Could we talk for a moment?" She smiled, grabbing Harry by the collar of his t-shirt and practically dragging him into the small compartment. As the door slid back closed, she sat swiftly down, looking up at Harry expectantly, her eyes quickly darting over to the seat opposite her. "Sure…" he said, quickly catching on and sliding into the seat opposite her, hesitant to look into her eyes. They hadn't talked much since the World Cup and Harry had a suspicion that this sudden abduction was to do with that. The deep rosy red that adorned her cheeks gave that much away. "It's about the World Cup. And what happened with us," She said, her eyes finding her feet as her thumbs twiddled and danced against each other nervously. Looking up briefly, she smiled meekly before saying, "We kind of got caught up in the moment and didn't actually talk." "Talk? About what?" he said quickly, not actually thinking about his response and watching Ginny's eyes roll in response. Blushing deeply, he waited for her to respond, his eyes looking at her as she tried to find her words. Intimacy wasn't either of their strong points and talking about what happened was beyond anything they could consider. The basilisk was easier than dealing with a deep conversation like this. "What it meant. I mean, are we just going to just shag or go out or what?" Ginny said, finding her confidence as she looking into Harry's eyes, the boldness of both the statement and the delivery turning the older boy silent. Staring blankly and dumbly at the redhead as he tried to process what she just said, Harry found his blind confusion to be broken by her once more as she said, full of hope, "Well?" "Sorry I just never thought someone would ask me 'are we going to just shag'" Harry said as he came to terms with the situation, a situation he couldn't have imagined being in. Ginny was asking him when he wanted pure casual sex or a relationship. Breathing heavily, he opened his mouth to talk, suddenly remembering Ron, "I mean, I like you… But if Ron found out. He'd make it so we couldn't shag again. At least not with me on top." "Who cares about Ron though. I like you, you like me. It sounds pretty simple, don't it?" Ginny said, laughing through Harry's comments on Ron's protectiveness. Looking into his eyes, a pang of warmth and compassion fluttered through her chest as she opened up, "Truth be told, that kiss we had afterwards meant more to me than the actual sex…" They could feel the moment dawning on them as they both leaned inadvertently forwards, their lips lingering ever closer to each other. Softly, they glinted against each other, their heads tilting to allow the kiss to happen. Ginny's soft lips against his, her tongue begging entrance. The awkwardness of the conversation melted away, replaced by the passionate fervour that ensnared them at the World Cup. Their hands softly rested on each other, Ginny's slowly running around to the hoodie that Harry was wear, gently unzipping the garment as she felt herself harden, her cock in need of some pleasure. "I'm sorry… Did I interrupt something" A voice called from the doorway, her words detached and somewhat airy. Almost as if she didn't know whether or not she was interrupting an intimate moment. Leaping apart from each other, Harry wiped his mouth, turning to see a small blonde girl standing in the doorway. "Oh! Hi… Luna…" Ginny stammered, blushing wildly before breaking into a subtle, but entirely devilish smile. Beckoning the young girl in, Ginny watched the door close behind her as Luna stood there, not taking a seat, "Erm… Luna this is…" "Harry Potter… Ginny told me about you," she smiled nonchalantly, before sitting next to Ginny, unrolling a strange magazine and burying her nose in its pages. Luna appeared to be smaller than Ginny, her hair long and coloured a shining, glossy blonde. Almost as bleached as Draco's, but still bearing a spring and lively bounce. Her face was soft, a small permanent smile stretched across her lips. She wore bizarre clothes of clashing blues and purples, with a strange pendant dangling beneath her blouse. "She has?" Harry asked, turning his head towards Ginny who was smiling rather proudly, watching Luna apparently ignore the pair of them as she started to read. "Yes… I did. Harry this is the friend I told about. At the world cup. The one who…you know?" Ginny said, trying to imply her past encounters with Luna, without explicitly detailing that this was the friend of hers with whom she regularly had sex with. Although, her attempts at subtly were shattered wildly by Luna. "I'm the one she engages in sexual intercourse with. No doubt Ginny told you about me after you two had did the same at the Quidditch World Cup," She said with a soft certainty, her eyes never leaving the magazine. Ginny's eyes widened as Harry's breath caught in his throat. Glaring at Ginny wondering how she could have gone and told someone, Harry was quickly distracted. Fishing amidst her jacket, Luna produced a small packet of sweets and for the first time, looked away from the page, "Would you like a jelly bean?" Taking a jelly bean, Harry murmured some meek thanks before the taste of peppermint filled his mouth. The compartment fell into a silence as Luna returned to her magazine. Awkwardly sitting there, Harry thought about excusing himself to go and find Ron and Hermione, but decided to remain sitting a little while longer. The suggestion of Luna and Ginny together had roused a certain problem that would be instantly noticeable as soon as he stood up. "Did you get my letter Luna?" Ginny asked, trying to break the silence and start a conversation only to have it trail down an unexpected path. "Yes, it was very detailed and quite erotic. I enjoyed it thoroughly. It attracted a fair few Harties though." She smiled fondling, recalling the pleasure filled evening that she had when Ginny sent her the letter detailing the redhead's escapades at the World Cup. "What are Harties?" Harry asked rather dumbly, almost instantly regretting asking as Luna became instantly serious, detailing the mysterious creatures. "They are very small creatures that are attracted to erect penises. They can get inside your ears and give you a permanent erection. I had one once. It took Ginny two nights to get it to go away…" She explained causing Ginny to leap to her feet in embarrassment, not wanting to detail her entire sex life to who was essentially her new boyfriend. "Okay, I'll be going now," she smiled, crossing over to the door and smiling at Harry as she did, Harry's eyes drawn to the noticeable bulge pressing against her jeans. As Harry moved to follow her however, Ginny stopped him, saying, "Harry, I think you should stay." Confused, Harry followed Ginny just outside the compartment, making sure the door was closed before continuing their conversation. Glancing through the small window, he saw Luna sitting there, staring blankly at her magazine, the title reading 'The Quibbler'. Turning to Ginny, he whispered, "Why? I don't really want to stay to talk to her. She's a bit weird." "I wasn't suggesting you spend much time talking…" Ginny smirked, slowly drawing her wand without Harry's attention. Gently tapping the door of the compartment, she watched as the blinds slowly drew themselves across the window, out of the view of Harry. "What I thought we were… you know… a thing," He replied as he caught her drift. Confused as to what Ginny was implying, considering the brief conversation they had before Luna's sudden and obstructive appearance, "I kind of thought that was the conclusion we arrived at?" "Yeah, but Luna's a dear friend. And I may have promised her," Ginny smirked, quickly glossing over the latter part of her sentence as she reached for the door, quickly opening it as she pushed Harry slowly back inside, their conversation no longer private, "And If me letting you do this doesn't make me the best girlfriend, then I don't know what will!" "Wait, you promised her?" Harry exclaimed wildly as Ginny slowly began closing the door, a devilish smile on her face as she glanced over at Luna. "Yeah, so have fun!" she called, her voice partly muffled by the door as she closed it and disappeared down the corridor. Unbeknownst to Harry, she intended to keep watch. Both figuratively and literally. Sighing deeply, Harry rested his fist against the door, contemplating his options before conceding to Ginny. Turning to face Luna with somewhat of a forced smile, his eyes widened in shock as swiftly and instinctively turned his head away. In the time that Ginny and Harry had been talking, Luna had stripped naked, her bare arse pressed against the soft comfy seats, her long slender and creamy legs crossed and her nose buried back inside the Quibbler. Sitting next to her, immaculately folded and stacked was her clothes, the fringes of a pair of white frilly panties poking out from beneath the pile, which served to clue Harry into the fact that she was entirely naked. Her stance obscured a large portion of her body, with the quibbler obscuring the rest. As she adjusted herself, Harry caught a brief glimpse of her nipple and the bulbous head of her sizable cock. "Luna! Why are you… naked?" Harry exclaimed, raising his hands and diverting his attention in an attempt to be courteous, but only came of bizarre in Luna's eyes. Dropping the Quibbler ever so slightly, she revealed in full her pert little breasts. She was in the year below and her stature didn't exactly comply with her having massive breasts, but the small handfuls she had were enough to make Harry's cock twitch in response. Each one was capped off with a tiny pink nipple that stood erect in the cool air of the compartment. "Oh? Was I not meant to? I thought Ginny's sudden exit implied she wanted us to have sex." She replied confusedly, biting her lip as she folded the quibbler, the creamy expanse of her taut stomach coming into view. She pressed the magazine down on her legs shielding her cock from view as she looked up at Harry expectantly, somewhat of a nervous look on her face, but still with that charming detached airiness. "Well, yeah… But are you sure? I mean, do you really want to do that with me?" Harry asked, his mind conflicted between the hot naked girl sitting before him and the ever-gnawing impression that Ginny had pressured her into this. There was a certain vibe of awkwardness in the room and Harry wanted to make sure she wanted this as much as Ginny wanted it. Little did he know, he was the only one experience a degree of awkwardness as Luna sat, oblivious to any change. "I've never been with a guy before. Only Ginny and a few people I couldn't see through the wall. And I don't really talk to people that often. It would nice Harry Potter…" Luna smiled meekly, a certain charm and warmth behind her smile as she looked expectantly and innocently up at Harry. His mind completely glossed over her comment about the other people and the wall, latching straight onto her strange and weird charm. "Okay, I guess…" He smiled, feeling a warmth imbued with her smile. As he stood there, he relaxed a little, his mind unable to shake the feeling of them being watched. Glancing back to the small window, he noticed the blind etched open a tad and the unmistakable grin of Ginny leering through. Closing the shutter, he turned back towards the young girl, unsure as to how to proceed, "I guess I should… you know… get naked." Luna nodded before opening the Quibbler back up, almost completely ignoring Harry as she returned to her reading. Confused, Harry slowly undid his hoodie throwing it into a pile, not nearly as devoted to neatness as Luna was. Pulling his t-shirt over his head, he revealed his toned stomach and chest, a sight that even Luna couldn't help but glance at. Kicking his shoes to one side, he undid his belt, sliding both his jeans and boxers down to his feet. Stepping out of them, he let his cock spring free, bouncing softly in its hardened state. He stood there for a moment, expecting Luna to put the Quibbler down and for them to start, but she continued to lose herself in its, having Harry stand there confused. Taking a seat opposite her, he couldn't quite believe he was just sitting there naked, waiting for a girl to have sex with him. Suddenly, she folded the Quibbler and put it to one side, folding her arms in her lap. Smiling, she sat there in silence. Harry finally got a glimpse of what hung between her legs and his breath caught in his throat. It was an extra inch longer than Ginny's, but lacked her exceptional girth. It was still incredibly daunting as it stood unwaveringly erect. A thick patch of untamed silvery hair was adorned above her shaft and her balls dangled rather heavily between her thin legs. Admiring the shaft, he couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to touch and play with it. Ginny had welcomed to the world of witches and now he had a perverse desire to explore it. "So…" Harry said nervously as the pair sat there in silence, too nervous or unsure as to what they should do next. The size of Luna's cock was looming on him as he realised just how big she was and how she seemed even bigger than Ginny's. Twiddling his thumbs, he glanced towards the window, the train still sitting in the station. Lucky for him, Luna had drawn the curtains as she undressed meaning they had a degree of privacy, although the flapping fabric often peeled away just enough to see in. "Where to begin…" Luna added, a smile on her face as she sat on the edge of the seat, her eyes roaming along Harry's body. Quidditch had treated him well, giving him a somewhat athletic physique. His cock was sizable enough, but much smaller than Ginny's. Suddenly, as they sat, the train lurched into motion pulling Harry back against his seat. The sudden movement sent Luna flying onto her knees in front of Harry, his cock springing against her cheek as she roughly landed between his legs, a smile on her face. "Well… dad always says that destiny guides us to where we should be," Luna chuckled, capturing Harry's breath as she wrapped her delectably small little hand around the base of his cock, slowly jerking it along his length, a delirious and lust filled smile taking over her face. Breathing rapidly as she started to jerk his cock, his bulbous tip leaking a dribble of pre-cum, Harry let his eyes clothes. "You think destiny wants you on your knees to suck my cock?" He questioned as she began to softly squeeze his shaft, soft slaps starting to fill the room as his bulbous tip became glossy with pre-cum. As he realised the idiocy of his question, he added, not wanting her to stop, "You know what? Sure. Destiny has a way." Luna's hand slowly glided up and down his cock, gently squeezing him and milking drop after drop of glossy pre-cum from his tip. She ogled his cock, the warmth beneath her hand pulsating as she slowly stroked his cock. Revelling in every inch and vein, every bump and soft patch of flesh, she admired and adored his shaft, gently and lovingly caressing each inch with abject passion. Harry's fists clenched around the edge of the seat as he moaned softly, Luna's eyes glancing up at his pleasure ridden face before she leant her own lips in towards the base of his thick, glorious shaft. Pressing the flat of her tongue against the base of his cock, her tip wriggling against his balls, Luna slowly dragged it up along his shaft. Letting it dancing around his cock, her tip covering every inch it graced with saliva, Luna moaned, the familiar taste of cock enough to make her own twitch to full mast. Her hand followed after, making sure to massage her saliva across his shaft, rhythmically jerking his cock as she rounded her tongue onto his tip. Lapping at every delicious drop of salty pre-cum, Luna let her tongue aimlessly glide around his cockhead, tracing itself along the sensitive bulbous edge of his cock. Flicking across his cock-slit, claiming the pre-cum before it had time to dribble across his purplish tip, she replaced the glossy sheen of pre-cum with her own saliva slick sheen. Her hand never missed a beat, finding an almost robotic beat and constantly jerking the slick saliva Luna provided. Parting her lips, she pressed them against his tip, her mouth quickly enveloping his tip. There was always something about taking a cock into her mouth that set her loins on fire. Closing her big dreamy eyes, she simply enjoyed the pulsating warmth of his tip, her hand continuing to milk dribbles of pre-cum onto her tiny tongue which she greedily swallowed. Beginning to breathe through her nose, she adjusted her position and prepared to take his cock deep into her tiny teenage throat. With one slowly and deep push, Luna began to slide his cock deep into her tight, flexing little throat. Harry felt inch after inch get graced by her soft, curt lips and his cock probe deeper and deeper into her warm wet mouth. Moaning loudly, he watched in awe as she swallowed half of his cock without a single hint of a gag. His eyes widened even further as she continued down, her lips greedily swallowing inch after inch until they her nose was nestled snugly in his pubic hair, her lips clamped tightly around the base of his cock and pressed firmly against his crotch. Before Harry could adjust to having his entire cock submerged in a tight, wet convulsing throat, Luna began to draw her lips speedily back up and down his cock, saliva dribbling from his lips as soft, wet suckling sounds filled the room. Bobbing her head up and down, taking every inch of his cock with each deep loving pass, Luna followed her lips with her hand. As she drew her mouth up his shaft, her hand followed and as she engulfed each inch, it led her lips back down to his base before flattening out and allowing her to press her soft lips against his base. Tiring of the constant jerking, she continued her oral ministrations, but dropped her hand down to his balls, softly passing each one in between her fingers and firmly squeezing them, eliciting a momentary hint of pain which was quickly enveloped by overwhelming pleasure. Grunting and moaning, Harry watched her feverously and passionately deepthroat his cock, his shaft shining and glimmering with saliva as she sloppily sucked his cock. Looking down over her back, he caught his first glimpse of her arse. Taut, yet plump enough for her age and with enough bounce that it jiggled every-time she forced her lips back down his cock. Craving her own pleasure, her free hand dipped between her legs, collecting her own cock in her hand and rubbing her thumb across her pre-cum soaked tip. The erotic nature of the situation had brought her to full mast and her shaft was throbbing and begging for attention. Slowly beginning to jerk herself off, she started to moan around his shaft, the delicious vibrations emanating through his thick cock, adding to the pleasure and bringing a deep and throaty groan to the tip of Harry's lips. Having jerked her cock and collected a small amount of pre-cum on her fingers, she traced her hand around to her arse, peeling her cheeks apart and softly fondling her bum. Whilst most girls would deem their cocks or breasts to their most sensitive assets, Luna found that she had a tender spot for simply playing with her small, fleshy arse. Grabbing and groping her soft skin had an immediate effect to her libido and she adored the sensation of a pair of rough hand grabbing and playing with her cheeks. Prying apart her cheeks, she pressed a finger against her hole, slowly and easily dipping it inside her own arse. Moaning even louder around Harry's cock, she slowly began sawing her finger in and out, the sensation of her small digit probing her sensitive hole enough to set her wild. Quickly adding a second finger in a lustful haze, she grunted, slowing her sucking to a gentle halt. Harry looked down, confused as to why she stopped only to watch her work a third finger into her delectably small and tight little arse. His eyes widen as he groaned at the sight, sinking his hips downwards and inadvertently pushing several inches into Luna's unwary mouth. Gagging slightly, she slowly pulled her lips off his cock, her attention drifting towards the fingers lodged in her arse. Using her free hand, she held his cock steady as she pressed her lips softly against his cockhead, her tongue fleeting back and forth across the engorged and sensitive flesh. Softly jerking his cock of to the same beat to which she was finger fucking her own ass, Harry watched mesmerised, turned on more by her fingers than her slobbering mouth lolling over his cock. Sliding her tongue down along his shaft, she darted around every inch, the sensitive tip probing the most orgasmic spots on his shaft. Lowering her position, she managed to give Harry a much needed and more unobstructed view of her arse as she moved three fingers in and out of her clenching hole. Wrapping her lips around his balls, she lapped at the sensitive organ, passing them back and forth, popping them in and out of her mouth, her tongue batting at them like a cat would a ball of string. Softly kissing each one, she made sure his entire sack was lubed to a glossy shimmer before she eased her fingers out of her arse and brought them back up to his thighs. Removing her lips from his balls, she smiled wildly at him. Letting go of Harry's cock and balls completely, Luna slid her hands around to Harry's legs, hooking her hands around his thighs. Before Harry could notice, she swiftly tugged him forwards, his back sinking lower into the seat. Lifting his legs into the air, Luna forced his chin into his chest as she revealed his tight, untouched asshole. Resting the palms of her hands against his thighs, she used her thumbs to spread his cheeks a little, his winking ass taunting and teasing her, making her lick her lips in anticipation. "Hey, what are you doing?" Harry said, his heart racing as Luna peeled his cheeks wider, his arsehole flexing in her sights. The position was a little uncomfortable, but the worst part was what it implied for Luna's intentions. Struggling ever so slightly, but finding the position a little hard to get out of, especially with Luna supporting and pushing his legs up. "It makes the next part easier. Muggles use artificial stuff, but natural sources are much better," Luna smiled at Harry before her smiling face disappeared between her cheeks, her hot breath across his tight little hole. "Next part…" Harry exclaimed loudly, but found himself cut off. He felt the sensation of Luna's soft lips pressing softly against his asshole, the new realm of pleasure washing over him as se softly massaged his legs, a soft moan coming from his lips as he awaited her next move. Luna's tongue flicked softly across his asshole, darting from between her lips as she traced every wrinkle and fold of flesh with precision. Licking every inch of his tight little hole, Luna made sure that his ass winked behind a lubed shimmer, thick with her saliva, her intentions lost on the pleasure ridden boy. The sensation of the girl's small little tongue probing his tight, untouched ass was enough to cause Harry to moan loudly, pushing his ass gently down on her, begging her to slip it inside him. Denying him suck pleasure, Luna slid her tongue along his skin and up to his balls returning his lips once more to his sensitive organ, while his ass begged for attention. Darting back and forth across his balls, she brought her tongue slowly back across his flesh, tending once more to his asshole, the tip of her tongue edging dangerously close to slipping inside him, a prospect that both excited and aroused Harry, his cock twitching at the prospect. Taunting and teasing him with entrance, Luna pressed her tongue against his ass, lodging the tip in the slight indent of his flexing ring, ready to slip inside. Biting his lip in preparation, Harry groaned loudly when she drew her tongue away, dancing it slowly back up to his balls, a shining trail of saliva left in its wake. Letting her tongue drag lazily back to his arsehole, Luna finally gave Harry what he wanted. Spreading him a little wider, she pressed the tip of her tongue against his winking, flexing ring. Slowly, but surely, she pushed forwards, his once untouched asshole spreading to accommodate her wriggling tongue. Moaning loudly, he let his eyes roll back into his head, her tongue slipping deeper and deeper inside of him. Pushing the last bit of her delectably delicate tongue inside his arse, she pressed her lips snugly around his asshole, her tongue dancing around inside him, shifting deliciously in his bum. Keeping him spread wide, Luna let her tongue dart back and forth inside him, stretching his hole wider with each movement her wet and wriggling tongue made. Trying desperately to graze his sensitive prostate, Luna pushed her tongue deeper, trying to edge It a little further, all to the incredulous pleasure of Harry who felt his cock twitch and spasm with each delectable movement she made. Wanting to adjust her position, Luna let go of one Harry's legs. His leg dropped slightly, resting on her shoulders until Harry's arm hooked under it and pulled it back into position. Using his own arms, he supported his legs, keeping himself spread for her tongue. With her hands free, Luna slid one of them up to Harry's cock, wrapping her fingers once more around his saliva slicken shaft. Starting to jerk him of again, she added to the wealth of pleasure rising in his body. Trying desperately not to cum, Harry bit his lip stifling the multitude of loud grunts, moans and groans his body wanted him to let fill the room. Drawing her tongue back slightly, she traced around the ring of his arsehole before delving back in. Instead of stretching and pushing for his prostate, Luna began to ease her tongue back and forth, in and out of his ass, focussing on tongue fucking his ass instead of searching for the sensitive font of pleasure buried deep inside him. Slowly pulling her tongue out of Harry's ass, Luna made sure to give him plenty of time to savour every sensational motion of her tongue. Easing her way out of his hole, Luna watched his hole flex and tighten as she licked his lips. Continuing to jerk his cock of, Luna clambered to her feet. Slowly sinking her hips, she kept Harry's cock in hand, stroking and jerking him making sure his eyes remained closed. Grabbing her own shaft by the base, she ran the bulbous tip up and down his ass crack before pushing it against his slightly gaping ass, the bulbous tip begging for entrance. His eyes widened as he looked up at the lecherous, perverted smile on Luna's face. "Ah! No… Luna, not there!" Harry shouted a little too loudly as he felt her bulbous tip slowly beg access to his tight little arse. Looking up at Luna, he saw a confused face as she wondered what was wrong. Letting her cock fall away, her tip bouncing across his hole and across his thighs, Luna raised an eyebrow. "Why not?" she asked, her experience with Ginny confusing her. Whenever she and Ginny had sex she was always begging Luna to fuck her arse in the end. They often took turns, but when it came down to it, Luna was pretty much on top most of the time. She would have thought Harry would be much the same as Ginny. "I'm… uh… Saving myself for Ginny…" He said quickly, his mind leaping to the first logical answer, but even then, he quickly realised how bizarre it was. The entire situation he was in became surreal as he realised how stupid a situation he found himself in. Hoping that his confession of monogamy was enough to turn her attentions away from his arse, Harry looked up at her hopefully. "Well… you could always try it out with me. I remember my first time taking a cock in my ass and it hurt a lot. I barely even came. You could let me loosen you up so you could enjoy Ginny more? And you'll want to enjoy Ginny," She smiled, recalling her first ever encounter with a cock. Luna hadn't reached the same point as Ginny and could in fact bring herself to an orgasm, but she had engaged in sexual endeavours long before she met Ginny. Claiming that her various sexual encounters boasted beneficial properties in the same vein as the rest of the nonsense the Quibbler published, Luna found herself in quite a few naughty situations. "But…" He replied hesitantly, beginning to worry as her hand dipped between her legs to collect her sizable shaft. Biting his lip, he gritted his teeth watching as she smiled down at him. "Just the tip?" Luna suggested as she prodded his arse once more with the tip. Harry had seen enough of Dudley's internet history to know that just the tip was code for 'I'm hoping you'll agree to just the tip, but I'm going to rail you regardless of your enjoyment of the tip' and knew Luna would be no different. As he opened his mouth to object, Luna's mind latched onto another idea forgetting instantly about having sex and instead focussing on her fingers, "Or… I have a better idea…" Harry's mouth opened to ask what she was planning, but he found himself quickly silenced. Dropping her cock, she let it bounce between his thighs before flopping down against his cheeks, just short of his arse hole. Her hand slipped between his legs, her middle finger pressed snugly against his hole. His eyes widened as she rubbed her saliva across her finger and across every untouched portion of his ass. Before he could object, she pushed forward, his arse giving away to a new, but sumptuous realm of pleasure. Slowly, but surely, she began to slide her slick finger into Harry's impossibly tight and clutching ass. Groaning lowly and loudly, Harry let his eyes drift close, the bizarre, yet wholly pleasurable sensation sending shivers through his body. His untouched hole was spasming around her finger, deny her access and preventing Luna from pushing that last little bit inside. Sawing her finger back and forth, she slowly began to loosen the older boy, each shift stretching his tight and flexing hole, until he accepted the entire thing. Gasping loudly as Luna pressed her knuckle against his asshole, her entire digit submerged in his ass, Harry felt a sharp, yet incredibly delicious jolt of pleasure rush through his body. Wriggling her finger inside him, he felt pleasure build inside him as her finger found the source of the initial pleasure rush. Gently, grinding and glinting against Harry's prostate, Luna managed to fill the room with his pleasured and lusty moans, his hole craving more and more attention as she began to ease her finger in and out, a massive grin on her face. Her finger slowly pulled its way out of his asshole before twisting and sawing its way back in. Loosening with each push, Harry's ass welcomed her finger as he found the pleasure to be sensational. As she drove her finger back In, she pushed against his prostate, causing Harry to thrust upwards in a snap involuntary action. Moaning loudly, Harry was joined by Luna, who couldn't help but moan at the simple eroticism of the situation. Pulling all the way back, Luna smiled mischievously before pressing two extra fingers against Harry's still incredibly tight arse. Slowly peeling his ass open a little more, Luna managed to slip the tips of the fingers inside, Harry's eyes flying open in the process as he felt a sharp and aching pain in his ass. One that was quickly replaced by insurmountable pleasure as she slowly began to push inside. The initial burn of the intrusion ebbed away and he found himself moaning wildly, his hands adjusting the grip he had on his thighs, ensuring his legs remained spread. With a little effort and patience, Luna began to ease her fingers in and out, Harry's ass only capable of accepting half of their length due to the increase in thickness. Pumping her fingers in and out of his hole, Luna bit her lip, the image of her cock sliding inside of him in place of her fingers filling her mind. Rising from her position ever so slightly, Luna pressed her thigh against her hand before driving her fingers forwards, using her thigh to push them harder and deeper into Harry. His moans were cut short as he felt three knuckles pressing snugly against his hole, his right ring burning with equal amounts pain and pleasure, each sensation complimenting the other as he let his head loll back against the headboard. Luna began to draw her fingers out, her thigh quickly sliding them back in as she used her legs to fuck Harry, her mind losing herself in a fantasy in which she had her cock submerged inside of him. Grabbing Harry's leg, Luna threw it over her shoulder, supporting Harry as she opened him wider and gave herself a better angle to deeper inside him. Her free hand, reached around to Harry's cock, collecting his shaft by the base and rapidly jerking him off, her hand filling the room with a number of wet slapping sounds, all the while, her fingers contributed their own slower, more rhythmic slaps. Harry's mind was lost, swimming in pleasure. His cock was tingling and spasming beneath Luna's hand and each time her fingers pushed all the way inside her, she grazed his prostate sending wave after wave of brilliant orgasmic pleasure through his body. He was in heaven! Grabbing him by his leg, Luna rolled him onto his side, her fingers still buried inside his tight, clutching arse, his hole begging for closer attention. Pushing him onto all fours, Luna playfully spanked his ass, watching his toned cheeks jiggle ever so slightly. Harry clutched the back of his seat, glancing back at Luna who had a pleasurable, lust filled fervour in her eye. Massaging his cheeks with her free hand, Luna slowly began to ease them in and out, crouching down to watch his ass flex and stretch for her driving digits. Rising back to her feet, she resumed her position, pressing her hand against her thigh and using her creamy leg to drive her fingers inside him, pounding into his hole. Each thrust was slow and deep as she adjusted to the newfound position, finding that she could push her fingers deeper and deeper from behind. Harry's eyes rolled into the back of his head, feeling his hole stretch wider and open a little more. Ever subtle shift her fingers made inside him ground against his prostate, teasing him with a wealth of pleasure. Speeding up ever so slightly, Luna's grunts began to return, her eyes rolling closed as she smiled. "Uh… take my cock… oh yeah…" Luna moaned, her mind pretending as if she was slamming her own cock in and out of Harry's ass. Her demeanour had slowly changed from the innocent 'virgin' and devolved quickly into a lust filled sex driven girl. Grabbing his hips with her free hand, she started roughly pulling Harry back as she thrust forwards, driving her short, thin fingers in and out of his arse with an increased fervour. Grunting as she slammed her hips into his ass, her cock sliding back and forth between his legs, grinding against his saliva slicken shaft and using his thighs to stimulate her own shaft. Rhythmically and with power, she started to fuck him harder and harder, pull him back onto her fingers as she thrusted forwards. The room was filled with a myriad of sounds. The soft, wet slapping of their skin smacking together and her fingers probing deeper and deeper into his arse, glinting and grinding against his prostate. Her impassioned and fevered grunts of lust outshone Harry meek whimpers of pleasure and the deep throaty groans of overwhelmingly orgasmic sensations whenever she struck his sweet spot. Any hint of embarrassment for what a lot of people would consider a demeaning situation ebbed away as Harry succumbed to the delicious pleasures Luna's fingers were giving him. Pushing his own ass back onto her fingers, trying to get her deeper and deeper, he felt his own erect cock twitch and spasm beneath him as the familiar sensation of his orgasm overwhelmed him. His orgasm rushed through his body, ever muscle tensing and spasming from the overwhelming levels of pleasure that were coursing through his veins. His arse tightened and trapped Luna's fingers inside him, holding them firmly pressed against his delicious sweet spot, milking ever last portion of indulgent pleasure. His mouth fell open as he moaned deep and loudly, Luna continuing to wriggle her fingers as much as she could to increase his peak. His cock spasmed and he felt his tip twitch, several strands of cum spurting from his cock and spraying across the seat. Holding himself there for a few moments, he let every last drop land on the seat before he began breathing rapidly, several drops still dribbling from his tip as he began to soften "Oh… Luna… that was…" Harry breathed, holding his position with his arse in the air. A few more drops spurted from his cock as he rode down the rest of his orgasm, his breath ragged and sparse. "I know. Although, it's not as beneficial as an actual cock. Female cocks have certain magical properties," She smiled hopefully, hoping that Harry would be up for a second round. Falling back onto the seat opposite Harry, her hand went to her cock and she began slowly stroking herself and waiting for Harry's response. "I think I'm alright for today. Another time perhaps. When we're not on the train," Harry said, falling onto the seat beside the cum-stained one. Landing on his ass, he grimaced, Luna's fingers enough to make sitting uncomfortable. That and her particularly rough treatment of his arse. Turning to Luna and out of curtesy and a little perverse curiosity, he asked, "Erm… would you like me to… suck your cock. So, you can cum?" "That would be very nice of you Harry Potter," she grinned, spreading her legs and letting her cock flop free of her hand. The tip, now leaking pre-cum, smeared across her stomach as she added, "I'm quite aroused, so it shouldn't take very long." Nervously sliding down onto his knees, he knelt between Luna's small thighs, watching her cock throb against her stomach. Reaching his hand up, he retracted it briefly, spitting a mouthful of saliva into his palm before wrapping it around the thick, pulsating base. Breathing heavily as he felt her cock throb beneath his grasp, he steeled himself, the familiar feeling of a cock in his hands making his heart beat that little bit faster. Slowly, he began to slide his hand up and down her enormous shaft, watching his hand glide across every inch of her deliciously thick cock. Her small stature and frame made it appear larger than it actually was, forcing a nervous gulp from Harry as he massaged his palm across her cockhead, the sensitive flesh twitching beneath his pleasurable touch. Luna moaned softly as she reclined back into the chair, grinding her soft bum against the seat, her eyes drifting close as she revelled in the pleasure. She had been without another person's touch all summer and whilst she could still bring herself to orgasm, a year of sexual endeavours with Ginny had made her solitude almost equally unbearable and unusually tame. As Harry's hand slowly sped up, his hot breath lingering closer and closer to her cock, Luna let her own hands wander to her breasts. Her fingers curled around her nipples, gently rubbing them before softly flicking them back and forth, trapping them between her digits and tweaking them. Biting her lip, she sharply tugged her nipples before sliding back into a pleasurable massage, her hands pawing roughly and pleasurably at her tits. Parting his lips, Harry quickly took Luna's bulbous head into his mouth, the taste of pre-cum dribbling over his tongue as he moaned softly. A naughty part of him had missed the sensation and whilst he had only ever done it once with Ginny, he had secretly hoped they would find time at the burrow to at least try it again. Her cock wasn't nearly as thick as Ginny's allowing him to slide his tongue back and forth across the sensitive purple skin, flicking and darting around her head. Tracing every ridge and curve of her head, he continued to slide his hand up and down her shaft, his saliva doing wonders to lube her to a shining shimmer. Adjusting his position and opening his mouth a little wider, Harry enveloped another two inches of her cock, managing to swallow the same length that he did when he and Ginny had sex. Breathing slowly through his nose, Harry forced his lips further down her cock, using the lessened width to take another inch. As the fourth inch disappeared into his soft, velvety throat, he began to gag, his body rejecting any more of Luna's delicious length. Moaning loudly, Luna watched Harry's lips stretch and relished each tight, delicious spasm his convulsing throat made as he slowly adjusted to her length. Beginning to suckle on her cock, Harry moved his lips slowly along her shaft, dragging his lips back and forth across the top four inches of her shaft, his hand making sure to tend to the remaining length of her cock that wasn't graced by his tight inexperienced mouth. Bobbing up and down, Harry filled the compartment with soft suckling sounds, the wet gargles of pooling saliva acting as a sensuous chorus to Luna's ears. Swallowing as much saliva as he could, Harry was unable to get it all with dribbles sliding down the side of her shaft and being spread evenly across her cock by Harry's hand. "Finger... Finger me Harry… Please…" Luna begged, her voice whimpering as she neared her orgasm. Lifting her legs, she wrapped them around Harry's neck, pulling his mouth further down her cock and lodging another inch inside his throat. The position lifted her pert little teen arse of the seat, revealing her tight puckered hole, a little gaped from her own previous fingers. Reaching around to her arse, Harry cupped her soft, pert cheeks, his fingers sliding along her arse crack, frantically searching for her tight little arse, amidst a swell of passion. Running his fingers along her puckered hole, Harry prodded her rosebud with the tip of his fingers, teasing and taunting her with the promise of entrance. Moaning loudly, Luna let her head fall back, admiring Harry's ability to probe her arse hole, all the while moving his lips back and forth across her shaft, lovingly sucking and savouring her shaft. Pushing forwards, Harry sank a finger into her hole, her arse quickly and greedily enveloping his finger with ease. Her prior ministrations and wealth of experience with Ginny had loosened her considerably allowing her tight clutching arse to accept his singular finger with ease. Sliding it all the way inside her warm, clutching hole, Harry managed to wriggle the tip around deep inside her, his knuckle pressed snugly against her flexing, spasming ring. Drawing his finger back, her pulled it out just far enough for the tip of his digit to remain stretching her insides whilst he moved his two other longest fingers into position against her ass. Slipping the tips of the other two fingers past Luna's tight little ring, Harry caused her to gasp, her eyes flying open as he slowly pushed them deeper and deeper. Luna's hands latched onto Harry's hair gently pushing him away as she stretched backwards, her arse opening wider and wider with each slight movement Harry's fingers made. Continuing to work his lips up and down her shaft dutifully, Harry managed to twist his fingers all the way inside Luna's his knuckles slipping between her arse cheeks and pressing against her ass. Luna's moans turned frantic, pleasured gasps seeping through amidst her soft grunts and groans. The combination of Harry's warm wet mouth suckling lovingly on her cock and his fingers slowly beginning to shift back and forth inside her arse was almost too much for Luna. Her cock began to twitch and spasm In Harry's mouth, pre-cum leaking at a faster rate as she barrelled towards her orgasm, the pleasure coursing through her body building and building until it threw her across the edge. Her cock twitch, several strands of cum spurting from the tip and spraying itself down Harry's throat. Gagging at the sudden eruption, Harry was forced to swallow a few strands before pulling her shaft out of his throat, her legs falling to the side and releasing him from her iron grip. Coughing up a few strands, Harry pulled his fingers out of her ass, watching absentmindedly as Luna began to jerk on her cock furiously. Still cumming rapidly, Luna milked the last few extraordinary strands of cum from her cock, managing to spray them across Harry's face. Cum landed across his cheek and down to his chin, a second strand painting his hair and forehead, the last one crossing across his lips. Holding his breath, he allowed her to finished before opening his eyes and watching Luna ride down the remainder of her orgasm, milking the last few drops of cum onto the floor in front of her before catching her breath. "Ginny has taught you well…" Luna breathed wildly as she rested back against the seat, her cock flopping against her thigh. Harry coughed a little, the salty taste of cum lingering on his breath as he wiped a strand off his face, grimacing at the not entirely unpleasant sensation of his first ever facial. "I've only done it once. I'm not exactly an expert." Harry replied, trying to defuse the idea that he was some kind of cock hungry whore. While the whole act was strangely erotic and he found himself strangely drawn to it, he was far from being an expert at sucking cocks. "Well then you're a natural," Luna complimented as she drew her wand from her pile of clothes, still perfectly folded and stacked. Casting a spell, she wove her wand across the compartment, the cum that stained the cushions disappearing and every trace of their endeavours disappearing. Harry felt his face cleaned and even the haphazard smears of pre-cum on his stomach and thigh washed themselves away. "I wouldn't go that far," Harry breathed as he rose to his feet and collected his clothes. Turning to Luna, he soaked every inch of delicious skin in while she absent-mindedly pulled her clothes on. There was something about how ditzy and airy she was that was enticing. She was innocent, yet decidedly freaky when it came to sex. A combination that would have repulsed Harry a few weeks ago, but no strangely drew him in. That and the strange warmth she had towards him. As he finished changing himself, he turned to Luna who was still in a state of undress, "Thanks for that Luna. I enjoyed it a lot." "So, did I Harry Potter. It was a very enjoyable first time with a man for me," She smiled, her gaze lingering towards Harry as she brushed a strand of hair from her eyes. They looked at each other for a moment, before Luna shook her head and murmured meekly, "I suppose Ginny will be wanting to hear all about this. You should probably go and see her…" "Yeah… of course…" Harry smiled, as Luna slid into her seat, burying herself back in her copy of the Quibbler. He was considering asking about the magazine, but decided against it, smiling fondly at her as he left the compartment to go find Ginny. "Enjoy yourself?" Ginny grinned, startling Harry he closed the door behind himself. Ginny was a small distance down the corridor, leaning against a wall with her arms folded and a stupidly big grin plastered on her face. She had watched for a few minutes before people started to congregate. She did her best to ensure they went uninterrupted, but couldn't sneak a peek. "As a matter of fact, I did." Harry smirked as he settled his heart from the sudden introduction. Turning to face her, he asked, with a hint of anger in his voice "Are there anymore friend's you're whoring me out to?" "No… And I wasn't whoring you out. Luna's a friend. A really close friend and she's not exactly popular." She smiled, her heart in the right place as she glanced into the compartment, seeing Luna sitting there. "Yeah, well, warn me next time," Harry chuckled as he turned to Ginny. A smile on his face as he offered his hand to her in a sign of affection. His heart was racing at the prospect of intimacy as he stammered through the words, "Shall we?" "Not this time. Ron's in the next carriage and I don't think he'll do well with us rolling up arm in arm. How about we talk at the feast? Ron and Hermione will be wondering where you are," Ginny smiled as she took his hand and pulled him closer to her. Crooking her neck, she pressed her lips against his and pulled him into a deep kiss, her tongue snaking around his as they embraced. Pulling apart swiftly, she glanced around to make sure Ron wasn't peeking out of his compartment before murmuring to Harry, "Love you." "Love you too…" Harry said, a lump in his throat as she moved past him and went to find her other friends to hang out with. She would have stayed with Luna, but there would be plenty of time to spend with her at Hogwarts. Watching Ginny's ass bounce away, Harry chuckled to himself before walking straight to Ron and Hermione's compartment and pulling it open. Ron's heart raced into motion as he heard the door to the compartment open. Moving too quickly stuff his cock back into his jeans, he leapt to the other end of the seat. Hermione quickly did the same, wiping the pre-cum from her hand and turning to Harry as he closed the door and sat opposite Ron and her. The pair composed themselves as they both longed for an orgasm, but were suddenly cock-blocked by Harry. "Where have you been?" Ron asked as he watched Harry reach up to grab his backpack. Ron and Hermione had taken it ahead with them and as he was rifling around in amidst its contents he responded with a quick lie. "I was caught up talking with Neville," he winced as he adjusted his position, his ass still hurting from Luna's ministrations. Grimacing as he shifted from cheek to cheek trying to find a comfortable position, Harry wriggled up and down the seat, attracting Hermione's more astute eye. "Didn't you feel like that after the bathroom at the world-cup," Hermione whispered into Ron's ear as she connected the dots. Ginny had moved past the window seconds before Harry entered and it would only make sense that the first second they were out of reach from Ron that they would leap onto each other. "No!" Ron exclaimed wildly as he glanced over at Harry, who practically leapt out the window. Ron's eyes widened as a grin stretched across his face, a grin that both unsettled Harry and intrigued him. The train trip would be long and arduous now and coupled with a wealth of stupid probing questions. Author's Note: This turned out a fair bit longer than I thought It would, but I enjoyed writing it a bit. While there was no proper sex, I thought that it would be interesting to explore some different sexual activities. That and the scene would have felt a little too much like the Hermione/Ron chapter. And I really don't want to stat repeating chapters and the same string of activities. I also wanted to spend a fair bit on Luna as she is one of my favourite characters and no doubt a lot yours as well. She will be somewhat important throughout this story, but if I continue onto charting their everyone's escapades into fifth year, she'll become far more important. For now, I couldn't bear leaving her out! And she will have a lot more fun with Harry, don't worry. I just wanted to save the honour of his anal virginity for Ginny. Makes more sense that way. Don't forget to vote in the poll to decide whether or not to include gay content. Also, some feedback about Luna and whether or not I manage to get her character right. Would be helpful to get a gauge as to whether or not any of the characters are in keeping with their book styles. Just general feedback about the characters would be helpful! Next time explore an entirely new pairing with entirely new characters. Pleasure abound and the introduction of a less than savoury concoction. And did I mention it was a threesome? All that and more next Monday… or maybe a little later depending on timing! Till next time!
Author's Note: And onto chapter five. And this one is… interesting. Featuring a group of people, I haven't read much fiction about and setting some characters on slightly different character paths than that of their book counterparts. Not wanting to spoil anything, but I should be fun. I wanted to respond to the multitude of people who are asking various questions about certain aspects of my shemale universe. "How are babies born?" or "How do they tell them apart at birth" or "Why would Purebloods be surprised with the genitalia?" and other such questions. And while they are all valid questions, I fully intend to answer them in due time when the story calls for it. However, if there are people who desperately want to know and their enjoyment of the story is ruined somewhat by not having these answers, then feel free to send me a PM and I will answer! Onto the chapter! Enjoy 'Chapter 5: The Asian Endeavour'! Let me know what you think! Chapter 5: The Asian Endeavour "Only those who are seventeen! What kind of rule is that? What does it matter if a fifteen-year-old gets hurt? Do you suddenly become less accountable if the person is two years older?" Fred exclaimed as he and George peered around the corner of the corridor, eyeing up Snape's personal store-room, a cupboard chock full of rare and expensive ingredients. Carefully glancing around the corner, they watched as Mad-Eye, the new DADA teacher shuffled into view, his eye spinning in various directions, namely towards the cupboard. Striding off in the opposite direction to the twins, they raced forwards to the cupboard, George quickly unlocking it with a simple spell. "Well Fred, to answer your first question, it's the kind of rule that needs breaking. Wouldn't you say?" George smiled, glancing in both directions down the corridor before gently closing the door and eyeing up the stacks of ingredients, each tier of shelf laden with extraordinary amounts of alchemical ingredients. "That's a very astute suggestion, brother. How shall we attempt to break it?" Fred smiled, as George withdrew the large book that they purchase from the vendor at the Quidditch world cup. Fred had the vial tucked inside his robes, waiting for George to flip to the right page. Opening the book, he quickly glanced over the opening paragraph detailing the contents of the book and the nature of the accompanying vial. "To whomever is reading. This book contains the secrets and alchemical knowledge of the famed Headmistress of Hogwarts, (Black smudges obscure the actual name). The accompanying vial contains a powerful elixir which can act as the base for every single recipe contained within the book. The elixir is powerful in the sense that it only takes a few simple additional ingredients to transform it into various other potions. Complex potions such as the Polyjuice Potion -which takes months to brew perfectly- can be concocted in minutes with simplistic ingredients and a single drop of the elixir. The single drop can grow exponentially and will fill any container to the brim with the desired concoction upon addition of the simple additional ingredients." "We lucked out with this one Fred. The old man probably had no idea what he was peddling. We could make millions from this vial," George smiled as he flipped through the book, arriving at the page he desired, "Including… a simple aging potion. All we need is some lavender and a beetle eye." "Are we sure this works? I'm not keen to simple guzzle down a potion without knowing if it works," Fred said, taking the vial from his robe and inspecting the emerald bottle and the worn, barely visible label, "Should we maybe test a different concoction that doesn't require us to drink it? Just to make sure?" "I thought you might say that," George smirked, rifling through the pages until he arrived at a different page. Handing it to Fred, he smiled, a delirious grin on his face as he watched his twin read over the page. "Potion of Enhanced Suggestion: Upon consumption, the drinker enters a state of increased suggestibility. Similarly to the process of hypnosis, the drinker will be highly suggestable and can be coerced into doing things through simple suggestion. However, the drinker will not partake in any activity that will directly lead to physical harm and will not do anything that they are not subconsciously willing to do. The user is fully aware of their actions and maintain knowledge of events after the effects wear off. Extreme Discretion is advised." "What do you say? Shall we go convince Ron to walk the halls in the buff/" George smiled as he clambered up the small ladder to find the ingredients that the potion required. Nodding in agreement, Fred set the book down on a shelf before uncorking the emerald green vial, the liquid inside swirling rapidly of its own accord. George quickly gathered the ingredients, crushed them and added them into a new bottle, the dust settling at the bottom of the clear glass container. Smiling widely, the twins shared a quick glance before Fred dribbled a single drop of the emerald substance into the bottle. The drop sizzled for a moment before it engulfed the other ingredients. Swirling slowly, the liquid began to grow, a faint blue aura pulsating from within as it slowly rose to the top of the bottle. Quickly corking the bottle, they watched the liquid rise to the top, pushing briefly against the cork before settling. The blue aura began to dissipate, leaving a reddish brown, clear liquid reminiscent of Fire whiskey. Staring into the contents, the twins shared a confused shrug before Fred asked, "Has it worked? I was expecting a more… vibrant colour…" "Well, I suppose we should go find out. I think Ron's still in the Great Hall, salivating over the Goblet of Fire," George said, pocketing the Suggestion Potion and peering and striding out into the corridor. Quickly packing up the book and the Emerald Vial, Fred followed suit, the twins slowly making their way through the castle towards the Great Hall. The bright glow of the Goblet of Fire emanated out of the Hall, casting dancing shadows across the entrance hall and even going so far as to leak into the courtyard. Turning into the hall, they saw that the room had changed somewhat. The four house tables were pushed to the four corners and the Goblet sat smack bang in the middle. Several groups of students who hadn't retreated to their dorms sat chatting, ogling the Goblet and theorising over the potential tasks and champions. A group of Hufflepuffs sat at the far-right corner and several smaller groups sat around the rest of the room. "Ron's not here. Shall we check the common room?" Fred said, as George surveyed the room, trying to find a worthy target. George's eyes danced over the various students before landing on someone who was sat in the corner of the room, her eyes occasionally glancing up from the book she was reading, her attention obviously elsewhere, namely the group of Hufflepuffs in the corner. "Do you trust me Fred?" George said, turning to his brother, a smirk on his face as he pulled his brother to once side, his voice hushed. Nodding in response, but still a little sceptical, Fred agreed, the smile on his twin's face growing wider as he turned and walked towards the girl in the corner, "Follow me Fred." As they neared closer to the table, Fred realised just who it was they were going to talk to. Cho Chang. A Ravenclaw Fifth year and also the rival seeker of the Ravenclaw Quidditch team. But more importantly, she was easily one of the hottest girls at Hogwarts. There was a certain allure about her due to her Asian complexion and she exuded an air of sexiness. Not to mention her ample natural assets which were sizable indeed and the object of many people's fantasies, boys and girls alike. As the twins neared her, she peered up out of her book a questioning, sceptical look on her face as they wandered closer. "Hey Cho. What brings you here?" George asked cheerfully as he took a seat opposite the Asian girl, positioning himself so that he blocked Cedric from Cho's point of view, much to her dismay. Confused about the two twins, she hesitantly closed her book and folded her arms. "Nothing. What have I done to deserve your two?" she asked suspiciously, her eyes glancing between the two twins as Fred sat next his brother. He slowly begun to catch onto his brother's plan, but wasn't entirely sure why he chose Cho. But he wasn't going to intervene. "We're just chatting. Making friends," Fred smiled as the three of them fell into a short silence, sharing glances with each other before Fred finally tried to reignite the conversation, "Looking forward to losing to Gryffindor in quidditch this year?" "Again…" George muttered quietly much to Cho's annoyance "Very funny… Quidditch's been cancelled this year because of the tournament," She said with an air of smugness as she watched the two twins groan angrily. First, they weren't allowed to enter the tournament and now Quidditch was off. "Really? Angelina's gonna be pissed…" George sighed, knowing full well what Angelina was like when she got angry and just how it affected the both of them. Much to their surprise, Cho intervened, a devilish smile on her face. "Let's hope she doesn't take it out on you two too roughly. You won't be able to sit straight on a broomstick for weeks," Cho smirked, watching the twins blushed and awkwardly glance away from Cho. Ready to burst into a fit of laughter, she peered back into her book as the twins became serious for a moment. "How do you know about that?" Fred asked nervously, his voice hushed as he suddenly became increasingly aware of the other people in the main hall. "Girls talk…" she smiled in return, opening her book back up fully and returning to its pages, but not before casting a subtle glance over to Cedric and letting a thin smile stretch across her face. A smile that George noticed. "Well, from all the looks your giving him, it looks like your trying to unseat the Hufflepuffs seeker from his broomstick. If you catch my drift…" George smiled, turning to look at Cedric, a smile on his face as Cho blushed. Turning shy all of a sudden, she watched as the twins shared a smirk. "Now would seem like a good time. Start of the year, emotions running high. I bet he's planning on entering the tournament and I think he'd want you by his side," Fred added, slowly trying to coax her on. He caught onto to what George was doing, but had no idea where he was going with it. "You know what? How about a little Firewhisky? Take the edge of your nerves?" George smiled, retrieving the bottle from his robes and offering it to Cho, a massive grin across his face. "I have my own…" she said meekly, producing a very similar bottle of Firewhisky, one near identical to the Twin's one. Her parents were notoriously strict when it came to such beverages and so she decanted a whole bottle of Firewhisky into one of her many potions bottles in an attempt to get it to Hogwarts. Lucky for her, her parents assumed she had simply developed an interest in potions. "A toast then?" Fred suggested, grabbing three goblets from a nearby tray and setting them down in front of them. Taking the Suggestion Potion, Fred opened the bottle and poured a single glass when the entire room erupted into a loud applause. Turning towards the entrance, Fred and George saw a Durmstrang student striding through the crowds, a piece of paper in his hand. Joining the applause, the twins, made the fatal mistake of ignoring the glasses, much to Cho's luck. Still sceptical of the two twins, she quickly grabbed the bottle that they had and poured an extra glass of their potion. Pouring a glass from her own bottle, she quickly switched them around so that the twins would unwittingly offer her the glass with the normal Firewhisky and drink their own potion. While she didn't really think the twins capable of trying anything sinister, she wasn't above making sure. As the fire licked at the Durmstrangs piece of paper, the entire hall applauded one last time before turning back to their groups, talking feverishly about the first entrant to the competition. The twins turned back to Cho a smile on their faces followed a quick look of confusion. Cho was finishing pouring the last cup and she made sure the twins knew that the ones they were drinking came from her bottle. As she suspected, Fred handed her what they thought was a goblet of suggestion potion, but was in fact Firewhisky. "Bottoms Up!" George toasts and the three of them quickly down the entire cups. Coughing slightly due to the bitter taste, Cho watched as the two twins swallowed it eagerly. Confused by the remarkably sweet taste, the twins share a look of worry before deciding to try to see if it worked. Confidently, George asked, "Cho, could you stand up?" "Why?" Cho asked, lifting an eyebrow in confusion as she watched the Twins glanced back at each other, their hearts racing as they realised the potion might not work. "Thought you might want to stretch your legs?" Fred said, trying to defuse the situation and convince a remarkably confused Cho that they were alright, "It's just my legs were a bit sore." "Then why don't you stand up?" Cho asked, her eyes widening as the two Twins leapt to their feet, the table sliding backwards a few inches and sounding out across the entire hall. As everyone turned to see what was happening, the twins shared another look of confusion. "Okay, that was weird…" George said, completely aware of what just happened, but not entirely in control of his body. The sensation was entirely baffling. It was like he wanted to stand up, but he needed Cho to give the go ahead to really set him on the path. "Sit down…" Cho said shrewdly, watching as the two twins sat immediately down. Everyone in the hall slowly began to turn away as Cho slowly began to piece together what was happening. "Oh no…" Fred sighed as he realised what had happened and just how much trouble they were in and how they were completely at the mercy of Cho. And being relatively smart, she would figure it out easily. "Why did you say that?" Cho asked, a smile on her face as she started to wonder just how far she could push this and if they really were obeying her every whim. "Because you switched the bottles…" Fred said plainly, George's eyes widening as he realised just what had happened and how they were stuck. Despite the fevered panic he was in, one thing pushed itself to the front of his mind. The potion worked. "And what was in your bottle?" She asked plainly and simply, wanting to know what they were trying to slip her. "A suggestibility potion," the twins said in unison, their voices reverberating a little louder than they wanted them to, attracting the attention of a few second years. "And what were you going to suggest I do once I'd drunk it?" Cho smirked, hoping that they were going to give some stupid answer. She was kind of hoping they would give her some ideas as to what punishment she should inflict on the pair of them. "We just wanted to test if it worked," Fred said truthfully, his face blushing. However, unlike Fred, George's intentions were far less pure and far more surprising to both Fred and Cho, "To let us fuck you…" "What! You thought I would just let you fuck me? What else were you gonna try and make me do?" Cho exclaimed softly, trying not to attract too much attention. Despite the obvious perverse nature of his words, Cho was embarrassed to admit that her cock gave a small twinge at the idea. Crossing her long slender legs, she occluded the small bulge from view as she waited to hear more about his intentions. "Suck us off. Walk naked through the halls. Lick my arse. Bend over and let us both fuck your ass," (George said completely honestly and un-apologetically, raising looks from both Cho and Fred. Cho's mind slowly began to picture each of those scenarios, her mind not completely adverse to the idea. The summers holidays had been tough for her. Having reached the age where she could no longer self-stimulate, she had plenty of long nights. She found her release a few times with some willing participants, but she was painfully aroused by the time she returned to Hogwarts. "At the same time?" Cho breathed, imagining the sensations of having two cocks in her arse at once, before shaking the thought away. Glancing quickly over at Cedric, she readjusted her robes to hide her bulge. She planned to go ask him out, but now her cock was hard and needed relief. Marietta would be in bed and any chance of her finger relief with her was long wasted. Realising that she wouldn't get a chance until the morning and she wasn't sure she could manage her urges for another night, especially if she wanted to ask out Cedric. Conceding to the idea, she decided to use the Suggestibility potion just as the twins suggested, "You two, follow me…" The twins shared a look of disbelief as they realised what she was suggesting. Even without the potion, the pair would have leapt to their feet instantaneously. Rounding the table, they stood eagerly behind Cho as she took both the Firewhisky and the Suggestibility potion and pocketed them. Slowly she strode along the Main Hall, her arse bouncing with each step. Despite being occluded behind layers of billowing robes, the twins still ogled the distinct outline of her plump Asian derriere. Rounding the corner outside the main hall, Cho quickly spied a broom-cupboard. Pulling the door open, she forced the two twins inside before checking the coast was clear. Disappearing inside the cupboard, Cho was surprised at the amount of space. The three of them could lay down comfortably side by side and still fit a few more people inside. There would plenty of room for what she had planned. "Right boys… Let's do this quickly. Get naked," Cho said, closing the door behind them and performing a simple locking charm. Turning back to the Twins, she smiled watching as they instantly complied. Suggestion Potions were a complex thing, but she understood them relatively well. The fact that they would be more than willing to do all this without the potion aroused her far more than the fact that they were actually getting naked. Propping herself against the wall, she watched the twins slowly strip their clothes away, eyeing up their bodies. As they threw away their robes, they revealed the Quidditch chiselled chests and their sizable bulges, each one straining against the confines of their boxers. Biting her lip, she watched them drop their boxers to the ground and step out of them, leaving them entirely naked, much to her enjoyment. Their cocks were both sizable with George's being longer, but Fred's wider. However, it would take close inspection to discern any difference in their shafts. Each one had a neatly trimmed tuft of ginger hair above their cocks. Raising a finger, Cho gestured for them to turn around. As they faced away from her, she admired their pert, well defined asses, near identical. Deciding that her own clothes were a little too restrictive, Cho swiftly pulled over her robe revealing her delicious body. Her skin was smooth and delectable to look at, with her long slender legs rounding perfectly into her panty-clad arse. However, despite the stunning body she had, the twin's eyes immediately latched onto the black lacy underwear and bra she was wearing, which perfectly accentuated every curve and bulge her body had. Her cock strained against the thin material, almost spilling out the sides and flopping free. The thig string disappeared between her plump and sizable arse cheeks, flossing against her puckered little hole. Moaning as she reached up and unclipped her bra, she let her breasts breath. They were large enough with little dark nipples capping each delectable peak of perfectly. Gently massaging them, she turned her attention towards the two boys standing there awaiting her next order, their cocks bouncing gently between their legs. "On your knees," Smiling, she watched with glee as the pair of them slid down onto their knees on either side of her. Snaking her hands through their hair, she smiled, watching them look up at her. There was something naughty about the dominant side of her. Something she quite enjoyed. Whenever she and Marietta helped each other out it was largely mutual. Now that she had complete control over someone, it was hard to imagine any other situation, "Why don't you take my panties of with your mouths." Leaning in, Fred and George took her thin G-string in between their teeth and slowly began to pull it downwards. Working it over her bulbous cock, the pulled it down her thighs. Freeing her cock, Fred felt the tip bounce free, springing against his cheek and leaving a smear of pre-cum across his face. Continuing to slide downwards, they pulled her panties off her feet before looking back up at Cho to be told what to do next. "Right boys, pucker up," Cho smiled as she slowly eased their heads towards her cock, the implication perfectly clear. There was a hint of resistance in their eyes, but they quickly complied, secretly longing to have a taste of the Asian Seeker's thick bulbous shaft. Puckering their lips, she twins shared one last look before Cho forced them to press their lips against the side of her cock. Their soft lips elicited a moan from Cho as they kissed her shaft, saliva slowly coating the portion of cock that they were working. Moaning, she gently stroked their heads, relishing the sensation of another's touch on her cock before slowly beginning to move their heads along her shaft. Using their lips as a sandwich, she dragged them along her shaft, spreading saliva along her cock. Biting her lip, she pressed their lips against her cockhead, gently prodding the tip against their lips, begging for access. Sawing her hips back and forth, she started to fuck their lips, using them for her own pleasure as she moved back and forth along their mouths. Moving their lips down to her base, she felt the twins slip their tongues out covering even more of her cock with soft, wet flesh. Licking along her shaft, they worked every inch of cock that they could whilst she constantly moved her hips back and forth, slowly speeding up as she did so, relishing every sensation that was coursing through her body. As she brought their heads back up to her tip, she pushed her hips forwards and slipped the very tip of her cock into George's mouth. Gently fucking his mouth for a moment, she popped the head out of his mouth before returning his lips to her shaft. Moaning softly, she savoured the moment. She had never had a threesome before and so far, the pleasures of two mouths were exponentially more pleasurable than one. Marietta was alright when it came to blowjobs, but she was always hesitant to do them, so Cho was revelling in the pleasures the twins were providing. Looking down at her cock, she saw it shimmering with saliva, the twins having lubricated her immensely. And much to her surprise she watched as the twins reached between their legs to slowly jerk themselves of, their hands gently stroking up and down their own cocks. Biting her lip, she moaned louder, speeding up her thrusts and letting her balls slap against both of their chins inspiring her next idea. "Fred, why don't you lick my balls. And George, take my cock in your mouth," she moaned, her eyes rolling closed and she savoured the sensation of their lips running along her cock. It had been so long since she had a proper sex session. The people who helped out during the holidays only offered up a couple meek, dry handjobs. The feeling of warm wet lips satiating her sensitive shaft was enough to make her instantly cum, but she held off for a while longer. Pulling his lips away from Cho's shaft, Fred repositioned himself and sank lower on his knees. Kneeling in between her legs, he let his tongue slid along her balls, dancing between them as he licked her sack. Tracing every wrinkle, he made sure to cover every inch with saliva as he licked both of them. Parting his lips, he took one of her balls into his mouth and gently suckled on it. Running his tongue along her balls, he coated it in saliva, letting his wriggling tongue curve around her sensitive ball. Moaning loudly, Cho widened her stance giving him more access. Letting her ball fall from his mouth, he gently kissed it before latching onto the second one. Taking it into his mouth, he sucked and played with it his tongue dancing across the sensitive organ, each fleeting like eliciting a deep moan from Cho. As Fred played and sucked on her balls, George slowly pulled his lips away from her shaft and shuffled around to the front of her cock. Looking up at Cho, he got a soft smile before she expectantly shook her cock. Parting his lips, he wrapped them tightly around her cockhead, his tongue curving around the base of her head, teasing the most sensitive portion of her shaft. Hollowing his cheeks, he sucked on her tip, his tongue dancing back and forth across the sensitive flesh as he timidly brought a hand up to her shaft. Wrapping his hand around the base of her cock, he gently began to jerk her off, making sure to pull her foreskin back so that his tongue could lap across her purplish, delicious head. Adjusting his position, she slowly began to take more of her cock into his mouth. Moaning loudly, Cho watched as Fred began to envelop more and more of her cock. The feeling of her head probing deeper into his hot, wet mouth was enough to make Cho grunt in pleasure, her hand snaking through his hair and coaxing him to go further, to take more and relish every inch of her thick Asian cock. As he took another inch, he began to splutter, a dribble of saliva pouring down her shaft. Steeling himself, he swallower and took another few inches into his throat. Gagging and spluttering around her shaft, George reached the limit. He had managed to work half her cock into his throat, but now his body was starting to reject it. His hand continued to work its way up and down her saliva slick shaft, massaging the saliva that poured from his mouth into her cock, lubing it to a gorgeous shine. His throat spasmed and flexed around her shaft, adding to the wealth of delicious pleasures that were coursing through Cho's body. One of her hands had latched onto her breast, while the other gently encouraged George to take more of her cock. Her hand softly massaged her nipple, gently plucking it and tweaking it, eliciting a few soft moans. Starting to move his lips up and down the portion of her cock that he could manage, George lovingly sucked on her shaft, relishing the taste of pre-cum that was flooding his mouth. Moving back and forth, he slowly grew accustomed to Cho's enormous width, enough so that he could stomach another inch. His hand sped up, jerking her steadily as she gently applied pressure to his head, hoping he would be able to take a little more of her shaft, but to no avail. His throat was clamping up to tightly for him to do it willingly, much to Cho's perverse excitement. However, it didn't matter. The combined pleasures of a tight throat wrapped around her shaft and a wet, wriggling tongue dancing across her balls was enough to satiate her naughty desires. Closing her eyes, she gently began to move her hips, hinting to George of her intention. While she was certainly satisfied with the pleasure she was feeling, she rarely got the chance to wrap a throat around her cock and she wanted milk every second of it and experience George's throat to its full potential. Wrapping both her hands around George's head, Cho in one swift movement, thrust forwards and pulled George's head towards her. His eyes flew wide open as he felt inch after inch push into his unsuspecting throat. Gagging and spluttering, his throat contorted and spasmed in ways he couldn't imagine as he spewed saliva around the base of her cock. Pushing the last inch inside George's throat, she groaned loudly, feeling his lips press against her neatly trimmed crotch. His lips flailed and spasmed, tightened and loosened, adding to the flood of incredibly sensations trickling through her cock. Enjoying the feeling for another moment, she quickly began to move her hips back and forth, sawing several inches in and out of his flailing throat. Learning to quickly breath through his nose, George tried to sneak as many breaths as he could as her cock constantly filled and blocked his throat. Saliva dribbled down his chin and onto his chest as he struggled to swallow. Gently fucking George's throat, Cho relished the deep, warm, wetness of his throat and savoured every moment of it. Fred struggled to keep his lips attached to her balls, finding that he slow, but firm thrust often resulting in him getting slapped in the face by her balls. The sensation was stimulating enough for Cho as she moaned from the occasional fleeting lick of his tongue. George was struggling to maintain his composure as she used his throat, his hand gently pushing against her soft thighs. Needing to breath, his throat started to fight it, causing Cho to slowly pull her cock out of his throat. As the last inch left his mouth, he fell forwards breathing heavily as Cho stood there gently stroking her saliva soaked shaft. Her mind quickly leapt to her next desire as she enjoyed the last few licks Fred gave her sensitive balls. "Stand up and bend over Fred," Cho said, the desire to feel one of the twin's tight arses around her cock. She had completely forgotten the fact that this was George's idea and that he would be the fitting victim for her thick cock. Lust took over her as she simply wanted to sink herself inside someone. Fred complied with ease, him being the more submissive of the twins whenever it came to their forays with the Quidditch team. He secretly preferred the bottom position even though he would never let Angelina know. She'd have her way constantly. Resting her hands of Fred's cheeks, she spread them wide, his tight little hole spreading alongside them. There was a slight gape to his hole, but his looseness had diminished over the holidays with no one to stretch him. Toying his hole with her thumb, Cho rubbed his puckered ass, watching it wink at her as she imagined the tightness she was about to experience. Marietta was always on top and the one time they had switched roles, she had insisted never again. And while Cho loved being on the bottom, she longed for another chance to plough a tight arsehole. Though she would never tell Marietta for fear of losing her best friend and favourite fuck-buddy. "George, spit on your brother's asshole. Make sure it's nice and ready," Cho suggested, adjusting her position to spread Fred's cheeks wider. There was a look of resistance on George's face as he felt his body move above Fred. He was still a fair distance away from him, but the simple act was enough to feel strangely perverse. Dribbling a small amount of saliva down between Cho's cock and Fred's arse. The bead of saliva dribbled over her cockhead and across his puckered hole. Quickly massaging the saliva against his hole, Cho relished in the obvious discomfort George was feeling. "Good boy. Fred, you had better hope George did a good job working my cock or this might hurt," Cho smiled, pressing her cockhead against Fred's tight, little hole, her hands roaming across his back and hips, ready to slide deep inside him. Watching George stand there, unsure as to what he should do, Cho remembered back to the list of naughty and perverse things he said he wanted her to do. Smirking devilishly, she spread her legs, widening her stance and letting her cheeks fall slightly apart, revealing her own tight arse, "And George, seeing as you wanted me to lick your ass, why don't you get your tongue in mine?" Resting her hands-on Fred's hips, she slowly began to push forwards, her tip probing his tight little arse, seeking entrance. Trying to wriggle her tip inside, Cho finally managed to ease the tip into his puckered hole, his ass flexing and tightening around her cockhead. Cho moaned loudly, the sensation of a tight arse around her cock being one that she hadn't felt in far too long. Savouring the initial clutching tightness of his hole, she bit her lip her hands gently massaging his ass in an attempt to loosen him up. Fred was gritting his teeth up until the point his ass gave away. As soon as he felt the tip slip inside, he grunted uncomfortably, his ass aching ever so slightly. Groaning as he adjusted to the painful intrusion, he tried to relax his hole and make the next part easier. George's eyes lit up at Cho's suggesting. Kneeling behind her, he admired her plump bum cheeks, his hands gently pawing at the soft flesh as he pulled and played with her arse. He had admired her bum for years and now his hands were roaming freely across her behind. Slowly, Cho began to thrust forwards, all the while pulling Fred's arse back. Her cock bulged at the middle, spreading his hole wider as each inch sank inside. Gently sawing her hips back and forth, she started to softly fuck him, all the while easing more and more of her cock inside him. Fred's hand slowly reached down between his legs and gently began to stroke back and forth across his cock, the pleasure mitigating the pain that Cho's cock was dealing. Pushing another inch inside his arse, Cho ground her cock against his prostate causing Fred's mouth to fall open and a loud, deep moan to escape his lips. The pleasure loosened his body and relaxed him allowing Cho to thrust forwards, burying the last few inches inside his hole. Gasping, Fred felt every ridge and vein stretching his hole and her balls gently bouncing against his own. Her neatly trimmed pubic hair was pressed firmly against his bum and her hands were constantly roaming his soft flesh, massaging him and causing him to loosen up. Steeling himself, Fred couldn't help but think about the last time he was in this position. It was before the end of last year when the Quidditch team had finally finished up. They were all in the showers when Katie took George away for a more private encounter. They heard the screams from halfway up the grounds and long into the night. And no one could tell whether it Katie or George on the bottom. However, Fred enjoyed the company of the two other chasers, Alicia and Angelina whose thick black cocks stretched him for a fair while. They fucked each other for hours with everyone's cocks going in everyone's holes and nothing being left untouched. The only thing that made it slightly easier was the showers and the constant stream of water lubricating their bodies. It was ages ago, but it still hung in Fred's mind. George slipped his thumbs in between Cho's arse cheeks and gently peeled them apart, his eyes latching onto the tight, winking hole that lay within. She had fully submerged herself In Fred and after feeling George behind her, decided to wait for him to slip his tongue into her arse and bury his face between her plump, Asian arse cheeks. Biting her lip, she waited in anticipation for George to begin. Letting his tongue slip from between his lips, George pressed the tip of his wriggling muscle against her puckered hole, resting it at her entrance. Gently flicking back and forth across her wrinkled hole, he made sure to cover every bit of her arse with saliva, even dragging his tongue lazily across her crack before tracing her asshole once again. Using his hands to keep her cheeks spread, he stretched his thumb just enough to rub the saliva into her hole and stretch it just wide enough so that he would be able to slip his tongue inside. Pressing against his tongue against her arsehole, George managed to push the tip of his tongue past her tight ring and into her bum. As soon as he entered, he let her cheeks fall back into place, submerging his face in her plump, soft flesh. Wrapping his hand around her legs, he revelled in the softness of her skin, all while enjoying the delicious taste of her hole. Slowly he began to push deeper, his tongue edging slowly inside her arse. Stretching it as far as he could, he managed to delve deeper and deeper until his lips were pressed firmly around her hole, kissing her tight arse. With his tongue buried deep inside her, he began to slow wriggle it around, the warm, wet digit making Cho moan as it danced around inside her. The combined tightness of Fred's arse and the eager flailing of George's tongue was doing wonders for her and as she slowly began to let her moans grow louder and louder, not caring who might hear as they walked past the cupboard. "Mmm… I never knew twins would be this fun," Cho smiled, letting her hands glide slowly across Fred's body. Slowly starting to move her hips backwards, her cock slowly leaving the tightness of Fred's arse, Cho let her hands run onto Fred's chest, gently playing and toying with his nipples. The added attention to one of Fred's most sensitive areas made the boy moan, the combined pleasure of both her cock and her hands nearly proving too much. As she pulled her cock almost all the way out of Fred's ass, she found that she was forcing George's tongue deeper inside her. An unexpected side-effect of a delicious sexual position. Slowly thrusting back into Fred, she moaned as she relished every delicious ridge of his arse and every clutching spasm his tight ring made. Gently thrusting in and out of him, Cho made sure that she moved as much of her cock in and out as she could with each long, deep thrust. Her balls slowly began to slap against his cock, the saliva that coated them filling the room with soft wet slaps. Combined with the slaps from her crotch and Fred's arse, the room was filled with a myriad of naughty, perverse and sexual sounds. Slowly building up a rhythm, Cho felt George's tongue probing deeper and deeper with each thrust, just as her cock was driving harder and harder into Fred. Fred's thoughts were a miasma of pleasure as he felt his body spasm from the thick cock driving in and out of him. Her shaft was pressing firmly up against his prostate, milking wave after wave of unbelievable pleasure. The broom cupboard was filled with grunts, moans and the sounds of wet slaps. The muffled moans George was making was shadowed by the wet slaps of her balls, which in turn joined the sounds of her hips against his arse. Cho's moans mixed with Fred's pleasured grunts and everything combined into a chorus of sexual pleasure that was a joy to behold. Anyone who walked past the cupboard would hear the most bizarre combination of sounds, but none of them cared. They were too consumed in the brilliant waves of pleasure that were washing through their bodies. Cho decided to speed up, the sound of her balls slapping against Fred's quickening and she reached over and used his shoulders as an anchor. The position allowed her to speed up, but also for her cock to submerge itself deeper and deeper with each pounding thrust. Cho felt her breast start to jiggle softly as she pounded into Fred's arse. The change in position spread Cho's cheeks wider, allowing for George to slip deeper inside her hole in turn causing Cho to grunt loudly. Hammering into Fred's arse, Cho bit her lip to steel the orgasmic sounds of pleasure she was about to emit for fear of the entire castle hearing. Grabbing Fred's shoulder, Cho pulled him back, forcing him into a standing position. Pressing her tits against his back, she peered over his shoulder. He was hunched over slightly to accommodate for her height and the thick cock pushing in and out of his arse. Wrapping her arm around his chest, she pulled him close, the change of position making her moan loudly as she reached new and untouched areas of the redhead's arsehole. Biting her lip, she kept her rough momentum, pounding harder and harder into his hole and subsequently forcing George's tongue deeper and deeper into her own arsehole. Snaking her other hand around to Fred's cock, she slowly wrapped it around the base and began to jerk him off. The pre-cum dribbling down his shaft was enough lubricant for her handjob which she lovingly provided, squeezing and pulling in all the right places. Gently rubbing the tip of his cock with her thumb, she coated It in pre-cum before using it to jerk his cock slowly and pleasurable. Every time she thrust into him, she jerked downwards, building up a delicious rhythmic round of pleasure for the twin, all the while building both of them up to their much deserved and desired orgasms. "You like that? A cock up your ass and a hand jerking you off?" Cho murmured in Fred's ear, continuing to grind her cock in and out of his arse, her hand speeding continuously across his cock. Nearing his orgasm, Fred began to grunt and moan loudly, his breath speeding up as he felt Cho's cock start to milk him dry. Nodding in response to her question, Fred felt his cock erupt into orgasm, spurting several long strands across the broom cupboard. His cock twitched beneath Cho's hand and she milked every last drop from his shaft. Several strands dribbled onto her fingers, but she kept jerking his softening cock, her shaft slamming in and out of him, sending pleasure coursing through his orgasm sensitive cock, "That's it baby… cum for me…" Despite him cumming, Cho had no intention of stopping, her mind set on her own impending orgasm. Speeding her thrusts up, she felt her balls slapping against Fred's cock, the soft wet slaps becoming a chorus to her ears. Her speed was making it difficult for George to keep his tongue lodged inside her hole, but he did his best, loving every taste of her he got. Fred's cock went soft and Cho stopped jerking him off. Her hand came back around to his back and pushed him back over. Lifting her hand, she sharply spanked his soft arse, loving the yelp that sounded through broom-cupboard. A second loud spank filled the room as a soft red hand-print formed on his pale cheeks. Cho was nearing her orgasm with the familiar sensation building in her balls. Continuing to use Fred's ass to build herself up towards it, she bit her lip, trying to hold off for as long as possible. Wanting to have her cock lodged inside him for as long as she could, she gritted her teeth and tried to steel herself, loving the feeling his arse too much. Finally reaching the point where she could hold of no longer, she conceded, needing to cum. "I'm gonna cum boys… on your knees…" Cho groaned, slowly pulling her cock out of Fred's arse and gently stroking herself, trying to tip herself over the edge. As the twins slid to their knees in front of her, slowly realising what she intended to do, they shared an unsure look. However, as soon as Cho realised she wouldn't be able to push over that final hurdle on her own, she said, "Jerk me off…" The twins reached their hands up to Cho's cock and wrapped their fingers around the shaft. Fred's hand softly squeezed the base, sliding back and forth across her shaft while George's gentle massaged the tip, with his thumb softly grazing back and forth across the sensitive purple flesh. The combined pleasures of both their hands was enough to make Cho moan constantly, her mouth permanently open as she breathed rapidly. She was racing towards her orgasm and was about to unload onto the twins. Her own hand disappeared between her legs and began massaging her balls, smearing Fred's saliva that remained there from his previous ministrations across her hand. Squeezing and playing with her balls, she felt herself tip over the edge. Wrestling her cock from the twin's grasp, she pointed it towards her face, her hand just enough to tip her over the edge. Several long strands of cum spurted out across the twins faces. She had been building up cum for weeks and was finally unloading it. Painting their hair, faces and chests with thick cum, she continued to milk every last drop of cum from her tip. Her mind was fuzzy, her thoughts occluded by her lust. Pushing her cockhead against George's lips, she pushed it into his mouth unloading several strands of cum into his mouth which he reluctantly swallowed with several strands dribbling down his chin and onto his own hardened cock. The last strand, she spurted across Fred's cock, it mixing with the remaining dribbles of his own cum. Falling between the twins, Cho breathed rapidly, her head swimming after the massive cumshot she unloaded. The older you got resulted in larger deposits of cum the longer you went unrelieved. A fourteen-year-old who hadn't cum for four weeks would cum less than a twenty-year old who hadn't cum for the same amount of time. Just one of the many unexplained side-effects of Witches and their cocks. "Well… it's been a pleasure boys, but I'm off," Cho breathed, quickly grabbing her robes and throwing it over her body. As she moved towards the door, she quickly reached down and grabbed both her bottle of Firewhisky and the Suggestion Potion. Before the twins could realise, she had slid out from the broom cupboard leaving the twins naked and covered in her cum. "That could have gone better," Fred groaned, falling softly onto his back before squinting in pain. Cho had made an impression on his arse and even laying on his back left him uncomfortably sore, "Next time you have a plan like that, let me know." "You kidding? It went better than expected. We got to have sex with Cho Chang and we know that the potions work. Win, win situation!" George exclaimed happily as he drew his wand and cleared away the cum from both him and his brother's bodies with a simple spell. Slowly dressing himself, he watched his brother groan as he attempted to the same, his body a little sore. "Yeah, you didn't get fucked up the ass though!" He groaned in response, pulling his boxers and trousers back and quickly pulling the rest of his clothing back into place. "Stop whinging. As if Angelina and Alicia having bent you over a hundred times already. Both of us for that matter," George smirked, glancing around the broom-cupboard as he searched for the Suggestion Potion "Wait… where's the Suggestion Potion? Did Cho take it?" "So, what if she did? What's the worst that could happen? We've still got the Emerald Vial and the book. So, what if she has the Suggestion Potion? We can make another," Fred replied as he took out the vial and book from his robes and passed them over to George. "Fair enough. Shall we go brew our ticket into the Triwizard Tournament?" George smiled, excited to try out the multitude of potions and concoctions that the book offered. Turning to the door, he pulled it open waiting for Fred to follow after him. "Sure…" Fred said, as he glanced around to make sure they had gotten everything. As he did so, his eyes widened, "I guess it wasn't an entire waste. Look what she left behind." He held up a pair of black lacy panties and a matching bra. The same underwear that Cho had been wearing and had left in her hurry to escape. The twins grinned widely as they ogled the tight garments, ecstatic that they got to keep a trophy reminder of their encounter. "I get the panties!" George said, reaching for the tight undergarment, but having it snatched away by Fred who had already claimed it in his mind. "No way. I'm the one who got fucked up the ass. I get the panties," Fred argued, stowing them away in his robes, much to George's dismay. Tossing his brother the bra, Fred strode past him and slowly ambled down the corridor, listening to George list of all the reasons he should get the panties. "It was my idea!" George exclaimed as the twins hurried to make their next concoction, neither really worrying about who could be listening to them. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Cho made her way swiftly back to the main hall, her legs carrying her as fast she could. She could feel her cock bouncing between her thighs, free from any support or constraint as she had left her panties in the cupboard in her hurry to get out. As she rounded the corner into the main hall, she cast her eyes over to where Cedric was sitting beforehand, only to find him there alone. Retrieving the Suggestibility potion from her robes, she steeled her nerves breathing deeply, she began to walk over to him, quickly picking up two goblets. Smiling as Cedric saw her, she tried to move with as much sexual allure as she could in an attempt to seduce him. Setting down the goblets, she asked him, her voice soft and sexy, "Would you like a drink Cedric? Trust me, this bottle of Firewhisky will change your life." Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that! I wasn't entirely sure about the pairing, but I really just needed to set up the Vial that George and Fred had. If they had to fuck someone, why not let it be Cho considering the part she plays in the events to come! Also, this was the first real full on dominant chapter and I would love to know what you think! Onto the subject of gay content. The poll was quite conclusive when it came to the subject with people favouring 'Nay'. However, it wasn't as polar as I thought with a fifth of people wanting gay content. So, I don't really want to just say no to the gay content, so I've come up with a solution. I will be including a couple chapters that are will be devoted to gay content alongside a shemale. Bear In mind, this will probably be three chapters out fifty-five, so a miniscule proportion. For people who want to read that, they can and for people who don't they won't have too. The chapters will be completely non-story related and would essentially be one-shots. But instead of posting them as separate stories, I would post them here. That way people who want gay content can have it and people who don't can just ignore it. And whenever I upload a chapter with gay-content, I will also upload one without it. So, no matter what there is always a new chapter for people to read. Sound fair? If people are really averse to the idea, then I may reconsider, but this is my story and I would quite like to write some. Would love to hear thoughts about the system from someone who doesn't like gay content. Get a feel for the response! Reviews and PMs are always welcome and I reply to all that I can. The next chapter returns to Hermione and her late-night escapades and her encounter with an impossibly tight little hole. Till next time!
Author's Note: Another chapter and it's on time as I promised! Hope you guys appreciate that! I have just finished piecing together the plan for this story and would like to have it finalised soon. So, if you're a fan of this story then please leave a review with what pairings you would like to see. If I haven't included them already then, I'll try to do so! Some suggestions other than Harry wouldn't got amiss either! So, let me know who you want to see and I'll try and work them in. Onto the chapter. We return to Hermione who resorts to one of Hogwarts's naughtiest secrets to get her relief and subsequently meets a very mysterious lover. Any guesses who it is? Enjoy! Chapter 6: A Mysterious Encounter The night had been exceptionally long for Hermione. First, having sat through the feast, she had to Ron's constant questioning of Harry, asking him 'who was it?' and 'why he was sitting weirdly' to the extent that Hermione regretted stoking that fire in the first place. Remaining in the Great Hall for a while after the feast, she witnessed a bizarre display of united actions from the twins as they cornered the girl she knew only as Cho. The worst part of it all was that she and Ron had been fooling around a little on the train to Hogwarts before Harry interrupted. While they never got very far, they got far enough to set Hermione's cock rock hard thus presenting her with an incredibly uncomfortable evening as she shifted and adjusted herself to prevent her cock from peering out from beneath her skirt. All through the feast, she and Ron planned to relieve each other back at the common-room once everyone was in bed, only when she returned to the Gryffindor Tower, she found him up in his room already. And so, she found herself in bed, her cock pressing uncomfortably against the boxers she slept in. Rolling back and forth beneath her covers, she tried desperately to find an angle that gave her some comfort, but the hardened shaft between her legs was making it increasingly difficult to get anywhere near sleep. She had already tried her hand -for old times' sake- and firmly conceded the fact that she could no longer find relief herself. Sighing softly, she lifted her head from her pillow and glanced around the dorm, seeing both Parvati and Lavender softly slumbering in both of their beds. Hermione often ruminated on the girls around her and how each of them either had to be sexually active or would be in the near future. It was one of the few things that aroused her, the knowledge that everyone around her would be so promiscuous. The idea of herself partaking in such activities gave her pause for thought having never actually pictured herself any of the various scenarios her arousal addled mind provided. At any rate, she didn't have to wonder much about Lavender and Parvati's sexual endeavours. During one of the last few weeks of third year, she was made aware of the two-girl's experimenting late at night. The next morning, she awoke to find Lavender on all fours with Parvati gently thrusting into the pale girl's creamy white arse. Hermione remembered the image fondly as that day was one of the last days where she could stimulate herself and her mind was rife with the image of her dormmates connected hip to arse. Shaking her head, Hermione tried desperately to shake any lewd thoughts from her mind, desperate not to encourage her cock any further, however her mind seemed to disagree subconsciously. Deciding that she needed relief of some sort, she debated going and trying to find Ron, but the idea quickly fell through when she remembered the charms put in place against the staircase. Biting her lip, she remembered a story she overhead Parvati detailing to Lavender one day. A story about a place on the fifth floor that was built long ago to allow the female students to relieve themselves with anonymity. It was designed so that students could help one another with their 'problem' but not divulge the identity of the users. As to who had it built, people only knew it to be an old Head-Mistress long before Dumbledore took charge. Despite the anonymity and the convenience of the place, Hermione never really wanted to use it. Muggle pornographic videos made the gloryholes -the muggle term for such places of intimacy- appear as lewd places where whores and depraved sex addicts would meet and the idea of going, let alone partaking in one always unsettled Hermione. However, late at night and with Ron asleep, she really had no other option. "It's either that or I stay up all night," she conceded, rolling slowly out of bed and grabbing a pair of her jeans. Pulling them over her boxers, she tried to adjust her cock a little to provide a little comfort, but to no avail. She was already wearing a t-shirt without a bra so she swiftly headed down to the common room. Walking into the large open room, she cast a look up at the boy's dormitory, "Thanks for this Ron." Looking over at the sofa in front of the dwindling fire, Hermione saw two people sitting slumped over and sleeping. Peering closer, she saw the familiar blazing red hair of the twins, each one curled up into the nook of the sofa, a book and a potion vial sitting on the table. "Ent… Vial," she said as she looked at the title of the book and the smudged label that adorned the bottle. Confused, she turned back to the page the twins were looking at, a smug and entertaining look stretching across her face, "An aging potion? Can't wait to see that in action." Leaving through the portrait, Hermione slowly began to sneak down to the fifth floor, craning her neck round the corners and making sure no one was following her. Entering the fifth-floor corridor, Hermione quickly darted halfway down the corridor to a larger woven tapestry depicting the four houses of Hogwarts. Checking to make sure no one had seen her, she quickly lifted the tapestry back and entered the small tunnel. Following the tunnel down, she arrived in a large ornate stone room. At the centre of the room was a three by three square of cubicle each one made of polished and varnished wood. In front of each door to a cubicle was a small floating red orb of magic that gently bounced in the air. Glancing over her shoulder again, Hermione quickly entered one of the centre cubicles, watching as the red light turned green to signal her presence inside. The inside was made of white marble tiles and had an ornate gleam about it. On the three other sides that didn't have a door, there were small circular holes, large enough for a cock to fit through, but not small enough to constrict. The third hole that opened into the central cubicle – the one surrounded on all sides by cubicles – sparked Hermione's curiosity as she wondered how someone would get into the central cubicle. Throwing the thought to the wind, she took her seat on the small black stool that sat in the middle, noticing the cushioning charms that were layered on the floor for the comfort of whomever was on their knees. "Okay… just… cum and go… simple as that, no faffing around… What if no one comes here tonight?" she murmured to herself trying to remain calm as her heart raced. The question never occurred to her and she just assumed there would be someone. Luckily for her, it was the first day back at Hogwarts and tensions were running high for some people. She heard a door open and a flash of pale blue entered the cubicle next to hers. Breathing deeply, Hermione whispered to herself, "Here we go." Standing up, Hermione quickly unbuckled her jeans, moaning softly as her hardened cock sprung free. No longer painfully constrained by her jeans, she gave herself a few soft strokes, giving herself enough pleasure to succumb to the idea of the gloryhole. Pulled down both her boxers and jeans and kicked them off her feet alongside her footwear, she stood up only to have the girl's cock from the other cubicle push through the hole and graze pleasurably against Hermione's shaft "Woah! I'm sorry, I'm just here for me!" Hermione said rather selfishly, leaping away from the hole and averting her gaze from the shaft that had just pushed its way through. She hadn't accounted for the expectation of reciprocation and she was a little thrown by the sudden appearance of another cock. "Mon ami… Ze hole is two way, much like ze act of pleasure itself," a voice, heavily tinted with a French accent, replied from the other side. Her words had a certain seductive air about them and her voice appeared surprisingly youthful. If Hermione had to guess, she would have though the woman to quite young if anything, but the cock hovering in the hole suggested otherwise. "Erm… You're a Beauxbaton? From France?" Hermione asked as she glanced down at the cock, her shaft emanating a deliciously seductive allure. She was smaller than Hermione by an inch or two, but her cock was gorgeous. Pale and perfectly hairless, her shaft was smooth and beautiful. Her purplish head was enticingly vibrant and pushed its way softly out of her smooth foreskin. It was strangely enticing to Hermione who hadn't felt this way about a cock ever before. And not even with Ron. "Qui and in Francé we reciprocate our pleasure," she replied, gently shaking her cock and letting her pale, smooth and hairless balls slip through the hole, each ball as beautifully enticing as her shaft, "How to say… A suck for a suck as you crude Anglais would say…" Hermione glanced towards the door, biting her lip as she debated leaving. The idea of having suck her first cock through a wall just so that she could receive relief herself was unsettling her. But as she let her hand drift to her own cock which was almost painfully erect, she sighed loudly, conceding to the fact that she would be up all night if she didn't do this. Slowly sinking to her knees, she prepared to suck her very first cock. Being eye to eye with the cock gave Hermione a steadier mind as she realised just how manageable the size was in comparison to her own one. Taking her hand, she gently wrapped her thin fingers around the bulbous tip of the French girl's cock and gently began to move her hand back and forth, stroking her shaft softly. Hearing a gentle moan from the other side of the wall, Hermione steeled herself and admired the way her foreskin moved back and forth, a single glimmering bead of pre-cum dribbling from the tip and coating her purplish head in thin glossy sheen. "Erm… I've never done this before. Just to say," Hermione said as her hand moved clumsily up and down the French girl's shaft, savouring the gentle warmth her cock provided. There was a part of Hermione that was worried about disappointing the girl and that part slowly over took her, pushing her own pleasure into the back of her thoughts. "Vell, you know where ze cock goes, qui?" the girl asked, somewhat impatiently as she moaned softly at Hermione's gentle and unsure strokes. "Yeah…" Hermione conceded, breathing heavily and leaning closer to the girl's cock, the faint aroma of flowers and nectar emanating from the girl's shaft. Adjusting her position, Hermione flicked her tongue gently out from between her lips, the very tip of which grazed the pre-cum coated tip of the girl's cock. Tasting her pre-cum and having the sensation of a warm cock graze of her tongue made Hermione's cock twitch as she realised just how open she was to the taste and the idea. Gently pulling back her cockhead, Hermione leant in and ran her tongue across the purplish head, tasting more and more of her cock. Breathing heavily, she began to clumsily lap her tongue across the girl's cock, using the flat of her tongue to slowly lick along her sensitive head. Shifting her focus a little further down, she let her tongue graze along the girl's shaft, the taste of her cock appearing not entirely unappealing. Licking up and down her shaft, Hermione slowly coated it in a thin layer of saliva, her hand continuing to keep it steady and slowly jerking her off, milking more and more pre-cum from the girl's bulbous and throbbing cockhead. Pulling away, she wrapped her tongue around her cockhead, growing slowly accustomed to the musky taste of the girl's pre-cum and slowly relishing each drop that her tongue collected. Spurred on by the soft and subtle moans from the other side of the wall, Hermione dropped her hand to the girl's balls, gently massaging the small, petite organs and eliciting another soft moan. Gently squeezing them, Hermione misjudged her grip and sent a sharp jab of pain through the young girl's body. Squealing loudly, the girl pulled back slightly, her cock partly disappearing through the hole. Apologising profusely, Hermione leant forward in an attempt to keep the girl and enveloped the head of her cock in her mouth. Gently suckling on the head, she applied a delicious and uncertain pleasure to the girl's cock. Gently bobbing her head back and forth across her head as she performed what she thought was a traditional blowjob. Stroking the portion of her cock that she hadn't retracted, Hermione began to milk dribbles of pre-cum onto her tongue which she began to guzzle down eagerly. Moaning softly as she did so, she sent delicious vibrations through the girl's cock that caused her to moan and the faint sting of pain the Hermione inflicted slowly dissipated into realms of soft spoken pleasure. Feeling her cock twitch with each sucking motion she made, Hermione closed her eyes, simply enjoying the perverse position and act she found herself partaking in. As the pleasure overwhelmed the pain, the girl pushed her hips forwards giving Hermione full access to her cock and unwittingly pushing her cock deeper into her spasming throat. Suckling softly on her tip, Hermione felt the girl's cock push deeper into her mouth. A couple inches slipped between her lips and prodded the back of her throat, begging for access before her clenched throat began to gag. Spluttering saliva across her cock, Hermione breathed through her nose and tried to adjust to the sensation of her mouth being full of cock. The girl continued to push until the last inch of her cock went back through the hole and her cockhead desperately pushed against Hermione's throat. Steadying her breathing, she decided to push herself and try and give this girl as much pleasure as she could in hopes of a similar treatment in return. Closing her eyes as she pushed forwards, Hermione reached the three-inch mark and the reached the point where her cockhead was spilling pre-cum directly down her throat. Pushing forwards, she instinctively gagged, more saliva dribbling out of her mouth and down onto the t-shirt she was wearing. Swallowing deeply, Hermione managed to push herself and swallow that extra inch, taking four into her mouth. As soon as she did so, her throat spasmed and clenched down restricting any more access and delivering an orgasmic concoction of delicious jolts of pleasure through the girl's body. Opting to take a breather, she pulled her lips of the girl's cock and slowly massaged the saliva into her shaft. Wiping her chin, Hermione bit her lip. The feeling of saliva dribbling from her mouth and onto her t-shirt was surprisingly erotic with the whole naughty nature setting her cock harder than before. There was something about the slutty demeanour that resonated with Hermione as much as she deeply wanted to reject it. Leaning back in, she began to lick up and down her cock, her tongue attending to the portions of cock that her throat could tend to. Planting her lips along the side of her shaft, she began to drag them up and down, her saliva lubricating it as she went. Drawing her tongue back up to the tip of her cock, Hermione once more parted her lips and slowly enveloped the three inches that her virgin mouth could manage. Moving her plump lips back and forth across these inches, she continued to let her hand slide up and down smearing any escaped saliva up and down the girl's shimmeringly beautiful shaft. Sliding her hand back down to her balls, she coated them in a thin layer of saliva, gently massaging the sensitive organs and adding another level of pleasure. Pushing her throat down, she attempted to manoeuvre that fourth inch into throat again, but with a little help from the girl As she swallowed, the girl gently began to thrust in and out, her cockhead probing into the Hermione's throat. A swift, but forceful push forwards and the fourth inch slipped into her throat. Gagging once more, Hermione tried to calm herself as the girl gently sawed her cock back and forth trying to let Hermione adjust to the probing shaft. Every thrust forward resulted in Hermione gagging and her throat seizing up, but she slowly grew to accommodate to the shaft, taking the fourth inch with relative ease and the occasional spasming gag. Feeling Hermione slowly adjust to the fourth inch, the girl decided to push the boundary once again and thrust forwards. A surprised Hermione felt her throat expand as a fifth inch slipped into her throat, her gullet contorting and spasming wildly and saliva dribbled from her mouth. Gagging and spluttering, she tried to adjust to it, but the sudden intrusion caused her to panic and pull back. Groaning as her cock left Hermione's throat, the girl thought that she may have pushed it too far, but as Hermione caught her breath, the fire in stomach sparked again and she latched her mouth back onto the girl's cockhead, lovingly sucking it and moving her lips back and forth across the part of her cock that she could manage without spluttering violently. Reaching between her own legs, Hermione began to jerk her cock off. Whilst she couldn't reach an orgasm, the eroticism of the situation allowed her to bring herself a degree of pleasure. Massaging her hand across her cockhead, she smeared her pre-cum up and down her shaft, jerking herself rapidly as she continued to devolve into her blowjob. Her lips sped up as she slowly began to grow comfortable with the movements. Her hand sped back and forth along both her cock and her mystery cock, bring both shafts incredible pleasure. The spluttering sucks of Hermione's blowjob filled the room as she realised her t-shirt was covered in pre-cum and saliva. Casting the thought aside, she closed her eyes and relished the symphony of wet sucks, gently slaps and the pleasured soft moans of the girl on the other side of the wall. Her tongue began to dart back and forth across the girl's shaft while she sucked it, eliciting louder and louder moans from the girl until she slowly pulled her cock away from Hermione, leaving her confused and with saliva and pre-cum in her mouth. Swiftly swallowing the delicious combination, she glanced through the hole in search of the cock she had strangely adored. "Erm… oh… you didn't cum?" Hermione stammered, wiping the saliva from her chin and watching her cock slowly pull away from the hole. She had slowly started to enjoy the scenario and had taken a perverse liking to the girl on the other side of the wall to the extent that she cared about her orgasm. "Zere are other pleazures zat a 'ole such as zis can provide," the girl replied as she shuffled herself around on the other-side of the wall. Hermione glanced through the hole and saw a brief glimpse of the pale girl. She was short and had a pair of budding breasts. They were rather small, but sizable enough to be noticed. Seeing her nipples gave Hermione an idea and she swiftly drew her t-shit up and over her ample breasts, each one jiggling slightly as they fell into position. As she stripped naked, the girl crouched down next to the hole, her lips barely visible as she said, "But allow me to return ze favour." Eagerly rising to her feet, Hermione pushed her cock into the cubicle, pressing her ample breasts against the cold marble of the wall. Her nipples hardened instantly, a brief lapse of pleasure rushing through her body as they ground against the wall. Biting her lip, Hermione waited for the girl to start, her mind full of erotic images, stimulating her twitching throbbing shaft. And then the girl began and Hermione was in heaven. The girl wrapped her tiny fingers around the base of her cock holding it steady as she latched her tongue around her thick shaft. Moving her tongue up and down Hermione's cock swiftly, she coated every inch in saliva, lathering her thick cock with a thick layer of her spittle. Dragging her tongue up and down as if her cock was a lollipop, the girl expertly let her tongue glide back and forth across the most sensitive parts, swiftly moving across the entirety of her shaft with ease. As soon as Hermione adjusted to her tongue darting along one sensitive portion of her cock, she felt it dart to another, dancing along her cock sending delicious bolts of pleasure along her shaft and into her pleasure ridden body. Lifting her small hand to Hermione's cock, the girl began to rapidly jerk her hand back and forth, smearing her saliva up and down the throbbing shaft, swiftly, but gently massaging it into her soft skin. Her tongue continued to slide up and down following her hand and adding saliva to the ever-sloppier blowjob. Closing her eyes, Hermione gently pushed her cock harder against the wall, her balls slipping through the hole and drawing the girl's attention from the other side. Her tongue left Hermione's shaft, much to her disappointment despite the slick hand sliding up and down her shaft and gently rubbing her thumb across her sensitive purplish head. Her lips quickly latched onto Hermione's balls, gently suckling on them whilst rolling them back and forth with her tongue. The same swift fervour emboldened the girl's tongue as she flicked lapped at the sensitive organs with haste, her tongue never in one place for long. Taking the second ball in her mouth, she gently passed it around her tongue popping it out before letting her tongue glide swiftly up along Hermione's shaft and around her head again, the tip of her tongue curving around the sensitive rim of Hermione's bulbous purple cockhead. Hermione gently began to hump the wall, her hips gently thrusting against the soft marble as her lust filled mind sought a deeper and tighter destination for her shaft. Her gentle pushes pushed the girl's tongue along her shaft, but did little for lodging it into her mouth, but the added pleasure of her balls gently bouncing against the wall was enough for her to continue doing so. Her hand latched onto her breast, gently fondling the sizable budding tit, her nipples erect and sensitive. Softly squeezing her handfuls of flesh, she massaged them adding to her pleasure before she gently began to roll her nipple in between her thumbs, softly squeezing and tugging on the sensitive nubs. Drawing her tongue back along the shaft, the girl swiftly enveloped Hermione's pulsating cockhead in between her thin French lips. Hollowing her mouth, she sucked on the tip, her tongue dancing and gliding around the head even as it stretched her lips wider and wider. Her hand continuously jerked up and down her shaft, occasionally dipping down to her balls and massaging the pooling saliva into them, lubing them to a glossy, wrinkled shimmer. Hermione moaned loudly as soon as her cock pushed past the girl's lips, her mind instantly rife with pleasure. The girl was far more skilled than Ron and had a perverse degree of expertise that not only impressed Hermione, but cemented her desire to continue using this place occasionally. Angling her throat just right, the girl forced Hermione's eyes open as a wave of delicious and unexpected pleasure consumed her cock. In one swiftly and forceful push, the girl slipped every inch of Hermione's cock into her throat. Her throat never flinched nor gagged and her lips pushed through to the other side of the wall, snugly wrapped around the base of her Hermione's cock. The soft imprint of light pink lipstick on the base of Hermione's cock stood as a marker and monument to the girl's ability as she used her tongue to dance around her shaft whilst it was buried deep within her tight, young, French throat. Using the saliva that she had coated Hermione's cock in, the girl was able to swallow her cock with ease, using her throat to softly squeeze and tease Hermione's shaft as it constantly tightened and contracted around the shaft. Humming softly, the girl added yet another level of pleasure to what Hermione could only imagine was the perfect blowjob. The gentle vibrations emanated across her sensitive shaft, sending tingling bursts of pleasure through Hermione's body, almost pushing her over the edge and forcing Hermione to pump the young girl's throat full of her thick cum. Slowly pulling her lips back along her shaft, the girl made sure her tongue curved around and reached every portion of the shaft as she lazily, yet lovingly drew her lips back. As soon as only the head remained inside her mouth, she planted a soft kiss on the tip, her tongue darting across the head briefly before she enveloped the entire shaft again, her throat swallowing every inch of Hermione's delicious cock instantly. Moving her lips back and forth across the lower part of Hermione's cock, the French girl let her savour the deep, warm wetness of her young foreign throat before she pulled her lips slowly back along, her hand continuing to jerk Hermione's cock whenever it wasn't submerged in her clutching gullet. Leaning deeper into the wall, Hermione simply enjoyed the pleasures her cock was feeling, her opinion towards the gloryhole completely shifted. Pushing as deep into the gloryhole as much as she could, Hermione let her hands curve around and rest on her arse cheeks, gently pawing and playing with the handfuls of beautiful flesh that made up her gloriously perfect ass. Cupping her cheeks, she pushed herself forwards, trying to milk every warm inch of the girl's incredulously pleasurable mouth. The girl quickly built up a rhythm, her lips plunging down Hermione's cock and gently working the lower three inches of her cock before drawing slowly back up. Her tongue took over massaging and draping itself over her thick cockhead before her lips parted and enveloped her cockhead again and beginning again. Her throat slowly opened a little more allowing her to speed herself up, saliva drooling down the side of Hermione's cock and dribbling down her chin and onto to her budding teenage breasts, dripping slowly from her nipples. Slowly jerking Hermione's cock as she pulled her lips slowly along her shaft, the girl pulled her lips away from Hermione's cock. Saliva dribbled from Hermione's cock, with the cool air of the cubicle chilling her cock as it left the warm wet comfort of the girl's cock. A strand of saliva connected Hermione's cock and the girl's chin. Wiping her chin, the girl continued to jerk her cock, watching dribbles of pre-cum combine with her saliva as she rose slowly to her feet, her eyes ogling the slick shaft. "Oh, my god… that was…" Hermione breathed, barely able to put together a sentence as she recovered from the sensational blowjob she just received, her cock on the verge of exploding cum across the girl's face. Clinging to the wall, her legs almost giving way, she heard the girl speak again. "Perfection? I know mon ami. Ze French have zertain skills," the girl responded, her hand slowly jerking back and forth across her cock. Before Hermione could respond, she felt the girl change position. Hermione felt her cockhead slip between two pert cheeks and rest against the familiar feeling of a puckered arsehole, "'ere is another…" Hermione's breath caught in her throat as she felt that all too familiar sensation, her mind flooded with memories of Ron bent over at the world cup. Biting her lip, she clung to the wall, her bulbous cockhead tracing every delicious wrinkle of the girl's tiny pert bum. Pushing forwards, she tried to push in, but found the girl's arse to be far too tight for her to do so. Waiting for her to take control, Hermione moaned softly, secretly longing to see this girl in person and have a proper sweaty, sexual experience. She was content with this, but a part of her wanted to run her hands along her soft skin and see what she looked like properly. Slowly the girl began to push back on Hermione's saliva slick cock, her hand holding her thick shaft steady whilst her other hand sped back and forth across her own cock, using the saliva from her sloppy blowjob as a lubricant. Feeling Hermione's cock probe and push at her arse, she steadied herself and slowly let her hole part, accepting the thick cock into her beautiful French fuck-hole. Biting her lip, the tip managed to slip past her tight ring, sending her eyes flying open as she adjusted to the painfully pleasurable intrusion. Breathing slowly, she gently bobbed her hips back and forwards, using the first inch of Hermione's cock to loosen herself up considerably before beginning to push backwards, all the while jerking herself off to mitigate the slight ache coming from her arsehole. Gently pushing herself backwards onto Hermione's cock, the girl let inch after inch of ever widening cock slip past her ring and deep into her ass. Speeding her jerking, she dropped her second hand between her creamy white thighs and began to massage her small, delicate balls trying to adjust to the cock that was slowly plundering deeper and deeper into her French derriere. Finally, the last inch slipped into the girl's arse, her pert bum cheeks pressing snugly against the marble wall with Hermione's balls gently slapping against the girl', a streak of saliva transferring between them allowing the girl's hand to massage her balls a little easier Hermione gasped as soon as her cockhead popped into the girl's arse, the overwhelming tightness being enough to almost knock her legs out from underneath her. But as the girl pushed back and her entire cock was submerged in a tightness that she couldn't believe she was experience, Hermione had to steady herself, her left leg giving way as she used the seat to prop herself up. She was tight. Incredibly so with her arse being far smaller than she expected. She was tighter than Ron and considering that he was a virgin when he and Hermione fucked, she was surprised that arses could get tighter than that. But her she was, balls deep in an incredulously tight bum hole. "Merlin's beard… that…" Hermione gasped, the unbelievable tightness of the girl's arse capturing her breath and sandwiching her cock in a most delicious pocket of pleasure. Closing her eyes, she pressed her body further against the wall, slipping her cock slightly further inside, moaning as she revelled in the exceptional tightness of her French fuck-hole. "Mon dieu… Thrust, mon ami…" the French girl murmured breathlessly as she adjusted to the sizable shaft that was now lodged in her delectably tight derriere. Moaning softly at the sensation of her probing cock, she steadied herself and planted her arse firmly against the wall to allow Hermione to do all the work. Listening the order that the girl moaned, Hermione slowly drew her cock back relishing every squeezing and clenching wave of pleasure the tight young arse provided her. Biting her lip, she clawed at the wall, moaning as the girl's tight ring massaged every inch of her cock as it slipped out of her. As her cock left the girl until only the very tip remained, Hermione groaned, knowing that as soon as she pushed back inside, her cock was going to twitch and spasm in unbelievable pleasure. She wanted the sensation of the girl's arse to surround her cock for as long as she could and with every ounce of her being she staved off her orgasm. Slamming her hips forward, she shook the wall, her hips crashing into the marble. She felt the sting of pain from the collision, but the sudden tightness hugging and clenching her dick overwhelmed it, with her balls slapping against the soft skin of the girl's hairless bum. The pair moaned in unison, both of them loving the respective sensations that their bodies were feeling. Being stretched and instantly full of cum -while sore- was orgasmic to the French girl and as she pushed back into the wall in an attempt to get her cock deeper, she felt Hermione start to properly fuck her tight, French hole. Easing her cock In and out of the girl, Hermione began to gently hump the wall, her hips crashing into the marble as her balls slapped against the girl's arse. Every thrust loosened the girl up, but not enough to diminish the incredible pleasure that her tight bum was providing. Moving half her cock in and out of the girl, Hermione made sure that each thrust sank herself deeper and deeper into the girl. She didn't want to pull her entire cock out for every thrust as the tightness of her arse had quickly become her home and she didn't want to leave it for a moment longer than she needed to. So, she relegated her thrusts to short, but deep, fast and hard. The pair quickly developer a rhythm with the cubicles filling with a myriad of unbelievable sounds. The gentle slap of her balls against her arse, the wet slaps of her cock plunging into her arse hole, the pleasure grunts, moans, groans and soft yelps of both the girls and the gentle fapping sounds of the young girl stroking her cock to Hermione powerful, orgasmic thrusts. Feeling her ring stretch and stretch with each thrust, the girl began to bounce back and forth. Every time Hermione pulled back the girl pulled forwards a little meaning that her entire cock pulled out. And as Hermione pushed in, the girl pushed her arse back to meet her thrust, forcing her cock deeper and deeper into her sumptuously tight bum. Letting her hands roam her own body despite wanting them to be able to roam the French beauty who currently had her arse wrapped around her cock, Hermione began to massage her most sensitive areas once again. Cupping her arse cheeks, she pried them apart, her fingers running down her crack and resting against her hole. In her lust filled, pleasure ridden mind, she debated whether or not to slip her fingers inside herself, but decide to save that first for another day. Instead she latched her hands onto her breasts, her fingers gripping her nipples and softly tugging on them, squeezing them and twisting them to elicit a gentle, sharp pain to contrast the overwhelming pleasure and to stave her orgasm of for as long as possible Hermione felt her balls began to seize up, her orgasm nearing closer and closer. The girl's arse was spasming and clenching around her cock, cluing Hermione in as to how close she was to her own orgasm. Speeding her own thrusts up, Hermione was desperate to have the girl cum before she unleashed her own load into the French beauty's arse. Suddenly, as she thrust forward, the French girl on the other side squealed loudly, moaning and groaning as her arsehole clenched tightly around Hermione's cock. The girl unloaded strand after strand of her cum across the floor of the cubicle, several strands dribbling down her leg as she milked her cock for pleasure. The tightness of her orgasming arse was enough to tip Hermione over the edge as she slammed her hips forward and buried her cock deep into the girl's arse. Unloading strand after strand of cum into the girl's bum, she sent the girl into a fit of pleasure as she felt herself get filled up with cum. Grunting, the girl forced herself of off Hermione's cock and slumped down into a crouching position. The familiar feeling of the young girl's small hand around her cock returned as she began to milk Hermione's cock for her cum. Jerking her rapidly, she latched her mouth around her tip, feeling strands of cum spurt into her mouth and down her throat. Spluttering loudly, she pulled back the last few strands and dribbles landing on the girl's face and turning her into a cumstained French delight. "Merci beaucoup… Merci, mon ami…" the girl moaned, slumping onto her knees breathless, a slight ache emanating from her arsehole, but it was nearly completely swamped the overwhelming pleasure her cock was feeling as it spurted the last few strands of cum onto her thighs and stomach. "Thank you, whoever you are. I'll sleep easy now. Goodnight, I guess?" Hermione said awkwardly, not entirely sure how to end their encounter. Slowly beginning to dress herself, Hermione was interrupted by the young girl's voice as she stopped her from leaving. "Wait. Tradition says, zat sex is finished with a kiss?" the girl smiled leaning down to the hole and presenting her soft puckered lips still drizzled in Hermione's thick cum. Hermione glanced down at the girl, seeing those soft lips waiting for a kiss. She was hesitant due to the fact that she had cum dribbling across her lips, but there was a part of Hermione that was intrigued. She couldn't put her finger on it, but the girl had a certain desirable allure that made her want to kiss those lips even if she would be tasting herself upon them. Leaning down to the hole, she leant in for a kiss, her lips pressing softly against the girls. As soon as they grazed the girl's lips, she melted into the kiss, savouring the taste of cum on her lips as the girl pushed her tongue between Hermione's lips and deep into her mouth, exploring every delicious crevice that Hermione had to offer. Drawn in by the seductive nature the girl possessed, Hermione returned the favour her own tongue returning the favour and exploring the French girls mouth. Hermione felt her cock twitch and slowly rise as the succumbed to the kiss. Feeling herself getting aroused, she pulled away, not wanting to have to delve into a second round of pleasure to get some sleep. And with dawn fast approaching, she didn't exactly have time. Blushing wildly and nervously at how much she enjoyed that, Hermione wiped the dribble of cum that was on her chin before quickly speeding out of the gloryhole, her tits still bouncing free as she nervously tried to pull her top down to cover her bouncing breasts. Quickly leaving the room, she headed back for the common-room, a smirk on her face and the strange annoying buzzing sound of an insect following her through the hallways. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Hermione returned to the common room swiftly, a smile on her face as she ruminated as to the possible identity of the mysterious French girl on the other-side of the wall. Whilst all the boys openly drooled at the Beauxbatons introduction at the feast, Hermione kept her arousal a secret, her cock twinging painfully at the sight of the attractive French girls all adorning short skirts. How they kept their cocks hidden was a mystery and a trick that Hermione desperately wanted to know to avoid any embarrassing future predicaments. But as to the identity of the mystery girl, Hermione could say that she wouldn't be disappointed if it were any of the gorgeous French girls that strutted into the main hall and set her cock alight. Clambering wearily up to her dorm, she crossed straight towards her bed, stopping only when her eye was caught by an object sitting on her night stand. It was the notebook that she purchased at the World Cup. She had forgotten she left it on her night stand as she was unpacking and was strangely drawn to the item now. Opening It up, she read through the same blank pages before moving to close it. Glancing around the room, she realised that the notebook would be easy prey for anyone who wanted it, with people constantly taking things they think no one will notice. Quickly taking a quill, she jotted her name down on the first page before moving to close it. As she folded the pages back over, she paused as more writing began to appear on the page. Opening the book, she saw the words slowly become bolder and bolder until they were engrained in the paper. Her eyes widened as she read the words, her mind baffled by what they meant: Ronald Billius Weasley Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Hermione Granger Kinks: Fond of a firm hand and subtle domination. Prefers to have another take the lead in sexual activities. Open to submission and the intrinsic acts of domination. Gabrielle Delacour Cock Size: Seven Inches Previous Lovers: Fleur Delacour, Apolline Delacour, Hermione Granger Kinks: Diverse in pleasure. Prefers intimacy over extraneous perversion. A secret lover of incestual relationships and enjoys company of family members. Promiscuous and explorative. "What the…" Hermione said, reading the page, her mind baffled by the words and the suggestions the book was making. The enchantment was confusing and Hermione was uncertain about what it truly meant. The two names held no bearing to each other the only connection was Hermione herself. Trying to figure out who Gabrielle Delacour was, she lifted the book to inspect it further only to watch the small ring she had bought fall out of the back. Quickly glancing through the rest of the notebook, she found it empty. Picking the ring up, she passed it through her fingers, remarking once again as it changed to fit the width of her wrist and all the way up to her forearm, constantly growing wider as it needed. Remembering that it was intended for Ginny, she sighed and quickly tore a scrap of paper from one of her older notebooks. Quickly scrawling down a small letter explaining where she got the ring and why she was giving it to Ginny, Hermione folded it and took both the note and the ring down to the third-year dorm. Entering, she noticed Ginny asleep on the other-side of the room. Swiftly crossing the room, she left the note and the ring beside Ginny's bed before casting a glance over at Ginny. As she did so, Ginny rolled outside her covers, presenting her plump, firm arse to Hermione in all its glory. A little shocked, Hermione realised that she couldn't judge. If it weren't for Hermione's ever conscious worry that someone would see her -much like she was seeing Ginny now- then Hermione would sleep in the buff as well. Rolling again, she gave Hermione a flash of her cock, semi-hard and pressing against her pert stomach. Deciding she had seen enough, Hermione walked out the door and swiftly moved back to her dorm and to a comfortable, lust-less sleep. Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that. I couldn't have lived with myself if I didn't include the French beauties of Beauxbaton's Academy a little earlier than the real story. If you haven't figured out who was on the other side of the wall then congratulations on not being able to put two and two together (I mean I practically spelled it out for you!) The next chapter involves the ever-mysterious ring and what it's true purpose is and why everyone is so eager to get their hands on it. And it also involves some hot shemale on shemale action as well! As I said, please leave suggestions for what pairings you would like to see desperately. Obscurer ones would be the most interesting considering how I've planned for every main character to get intimate with each other. So, some obscure pairings that you would like to see would be helpful so that I can set in stone the plan for this story! (It's looking particularly juicy! Looking forward to Chapter 10 and 12… should be particularly spicy fun! Till Next Time!
Author's Note: Hey guys, for the second week in a row, I'm actually on time with an upload! And it's a good one featuring a pairing that I absolutely adore. Hopefully it works quite well! Remember to leave reviews with the pairings you want to see and I will work them into the plan. Next week I will be finalising the plan so any suggestions after that may not find their way into the story! I would appreciate some feedback about the story in any regard. I'm writing what I would want to read, but I don't know if that's all too good! So, let me know what you think! Bad or good! It all keeps me wanting to write more and more which means you guys get more chapters! Win, win! Chapter 7: The Ring Morning quickly swept over Hogwarts as the morning sun crooned over the hillside and drifted through the multiple windows, waking the slumbering students. There was a certain fervour and excitement around the castle as everyone prepared for a new year with the added excitement of both the tournament and the visiting schools inciting an air excitement across the castle. Ginny awoke to find her dorm empty, the girls she slept alongside having gone down to breakfast early to speak to their own friends before class. Rolling onto her side, she felt her cock brush against the covers, her shaft already hardened despite the early hour. In all fairness, the last time she properly came was at the Quidditch Cup meaning she had gone a small time without proper relief. Most mornings she wouldn't even notice her shaft, but the prolonged period between her relief kept her hard. Gently stroking herself for a moment, Ginny felt her cock tingle with pleasure. There were brief moments where she could illicit pleasure in her own shaft, but they were few and far between with her having to rely on others nowadays to acquisition her relief. Her eyes slowly closed as she pictured Harry in several compromising positions. Bent over her bed, spreading his ass cheeks and begging her to slip her shaft inside him. The faces he would make as her cock eased in and out of him, harder and harder. The thought brought a smile to her lips, before she remembered her plans for the morning and before class. Rolling out of bed, Ginny made a quick check to make sure she was alone before slowly beginning to dress herself. As she reached for her bedside table to withdraw her underwear, she saw an unusual item. Sitting atop the dresser was a small note and atop it, a silver ring. Taking the ring in her hand, she inspected the small silver band. It had writing inscribed on the side, although a portion of it was smudged. Reading it aloud, she spoke, "Engorgio… Phal..." The rest of the writing was worn and illegible, much to her disappointment. Taking the ring, she slipped it on her finger, watching as it adjusted itself to fit perfectly. Quickly reading the note, she discovered the ring was from Hermione and she quickly learnt the true power of the ring. Sliding it over her wrist, the ring expanded to accommodate the size of her wrist and ultimately her forearm. Enthralled by it, she turned and felt her cock brush against her sheets, reminding her of the ever-present predicament between her legs and making her aware of her nakedness in what was a communal space. But her erection brought with it a naughty idea. "What's the worst that could happen…" Ginny said, biting her lip, a perverse and naughty smile on her face as she checked that she was alone. Striding over to the mirror, she admired herself for a moment before lowering the ring to her cock. Slipping it over the tip of her shaft, the ring sent chills through her body as it slowly expanded. Sliding it down over the thickest part of her cock, she set it at the base. As soon as it was wrapped around the base of her cock, her eyes widened as she watched her cock, "Oh, my god!" Her cock slowly began to grow and thicken. Expanding in her hand, she quickly grew to a width where her fingers were barely able to wrap around and to a length nearing fourteen inches. Her eyes widened as she let the shaft gently flop around in its enormity. The weight of the incredulous hunk of meat was incomparable as she lifted it with her hand and let it bounce back and forth between her thighs, splotches of pre-cum landing on her creamy legs. "That's just impractical… Would hurt like hell if it all went inside you…" Ginny thought, her eyes turning to shock as she realised just how grossly impractical it was. The shaft was bulbous and thick and incredibly hard to manoeuvre. She couldn't help but be intrigued by the size of the shaft, but her mind was ultimately horrified of the idea of having lug such an outrageous cock around between her legs. Hearing footsteps on the stairs to the girl's tower, Ginny quickly panicked and slipped the ring off, watching as her cock returned to normal size, but still erect. Finding a tight pair of black panties, Ginny slipped them on, her cock straining against the fabric. She would only briefly be wearing them and as soon as she found her relief, they would be comfortable. Quickly dressing in her uniform, she threw her robes on top and fastened them just in time for two of the girls from her dorm to return. Sharing a brief smile, Ginny pocketed the ring and strode swiftly pas them and down into the common room. There was an immediate buzz as everyone talked about the tournament and who they thought would be entering. Walking out of the common room, she made her way down the corridor. The school was full of people chatting and intermingling with the people from the other schools. As she descended the many winding staircases towards the main hall, she saw clumps of Beauxbatons and Durmstrangs talking with pupils from Hogwarts. Glancing into the Main Hall, she spied Hermione sitting her nose buried in a Defence Against the Dark Arts textbook in preparation for her first class. She also noticed that she had the attention of two admirers, each one stranger than the other. One was a large Durmstrang student that Ginny recognised as Viktor Krum. He was casually nodding his head as Draco thrilled him with his painful stories, his eyes also glancing towards Hermione every once and a while. The second admirer was sat at the Ravenclaw table and was almost hidden behind the multitude of students. A young French girl who was watching Hermione with a grin on her face and a hand beneath the desk. Shaking the thought from her head, Ginny made her way through the convoluted passageways and corridors of the castle eventually arriving at the fourth-floor corridor, she quickly made sure that no one was watching her. Withdrawing her wand, she ran her hand along the stone bricks of the wall until she arrived at a portion of stone-work that she recognised. Gently tapping specific stones in a specific order, Ginny watched as the wall peeled away and a long corridor was revealed behind it. The corridor led away from Ginny and had three doors branching of it on either side. Each one led to a large and lavish room adorned with a bed that held enough space to hold seven people comfortably. The rooms were trimmed with velvets and silvery banners and the beds were to die for. At the end of the corridor sat a large iron door, rusted near black, but with five easily discernible symbols emboldened in gold on the side. There was a sort of antechamber before the door which was about ten feet by ten feet and was blocked away from the lavish portion of the corridor by a set of large iron bars. As she strode down the room, she turned into the room she knew all too familiar, a sharp golden glow shining in her ears as one of the symbols lit up in her presence. However, in her haste the detail went unnoticed and her vision was quickly occluded by another bright golden sight. "Ginny! I've missed you!" Luna chirped practically leaping out of the room and latching herself onto Ginny. Pulling the redhead into the small room, Luna planted a soft kiss of Ginny's lips before pulling away, a dreamy grin on her face. Startled, it took Ginny a moment to realise that Luna was completely naked, the young girl's pert teen tits bouncing free and her hardened cock bouncing alongside them. "Oh! I've missed you too Luna..." Ginny smiled, taken aback by Luna's forwardness. As she glanced up and down the blonde's naked body, Ginny sighed, her mind trying to figure out just why she was naked. Coming up with nothing, she sighed, asking, "Why are you naked?" "To make things easier when we have intercourse," Luna said bluntly and without hesitation. Whilst it was Ginny's full intention to sneak in a quick fuck before classes started, she never explicitly mentioned that fact to Luna. However, the fact that she had enough insight into her thoughts as to take initiative and strip, made Ginny smile. Before she could say anything else, Luna continued in her characteristic, dreamy voice, "And I don't think the corridor like clothing. I hear strange sounds when people aren't naked in here." "The corridor? Right, of course, the corridor has feelings. You never did tell me how you found this corridor," Ginny said, striding past Luna and unhooking her robes, letting them fall to floor, revealing her tight uniform. It comprised of the standard attire: A white shirt, house tie, skirt and shoes. Her question about the corridor was a pertinent one as she never really understood the corridor. It was secretive and practically unknown and built for the explicit activities that Luna and Ginny used it for. Yet In all their time they had never seen anyone else using it. "I read about it in a book. An old Headmistress had it built to hide her explicit activities. They say she frequently had intercourse with the students," Luna smiled, admiring Ginny's uniform and slight curve of her ass that pressed against her tight skirt. It was fairly long, but hugged the plump behind of the redhead perfectly. "Huh… Well, I have something to show you," Ginny mused, before quickly remembering the ring. Withdrawing it from her pocket, she held the silver band up and started to tell Luna what it was, only to be interrupted by a fervent and excited Luna, "It's a…" "Penis ring!" Luna exclaimed excitedly, taking the ring from Ginny and examining It in detail, passing it back and forth between her hands, whilst observing it under the clearer light of the many candles the room had. "Yeah… How did you know that?" Ginny asked, baffled as to how Luna could instantly recognise the difference between a normal ring and a cock ring with the two appearing nearly indistinguishable from each other. Never mind the question of how Luna knew what a cock-ring was in the first place. "It's a muggle item that they use for intercourse. I've seen a couple," Luna explained hesitantly lowering the ring towards her own cock, unsure as to whether Ginny would allow her to actually wear it. She had a certain perverse desire to try the ring out. "Where?" Ginny asked, wondering where Luna would see enough muggle cocks -or even muggle-born cocks- to know that cock-rings were an item they used. Or how she would be so intimate with them to know exactly their purpose. It was times like this that made Ginny really confused as to just what Luna did with herself. "The fifth-floor corridor," Luna said simply, the implication ringing through her voice as Ginny instantly understood. Her mind went to the tapestry on the fifth-floor corridor and the hidden cubicles behind. Whilst Ginny had never partaken in it -having found the company of Luna far before her desperation reached that point- she was certain intrigued about the premise. Breaking her thoughts, Luna interjected, saying, "Can I try it on?" "Fifth-floor… yeah, try It on," Ginny said, a grin on her face as she relished in knowing the true power of the ring. She simply couldn't wait for Luna's reaction. Quickly undoing her tie and tossing It into a pile in the corner, Ginny watched Luna roll the ring over her head and slowly down her shaft. Sliding her skirt down over her legs, Ginny revealed her tight red thong, her cock bulging and throbbing at the sight of Luna naked. Unbuttoning her shirt, Luna saw the ring find its place snugly against the base of her cock. Luna's cock bulged to fourteen inches and settled at the same parameters and dimensions as Ginny's cock when she adorned the ring. The blonde's eyes widened as her tiny hand tried to wrap around the base of her shaft, the weight of her cock becoming too much for the small-framed girl to handle with ease. Her shaft flopped between her legs, but was still hard. The weight made it sink downwards instead of stand at attention despite being equally as hard as Ginny's cock. "Merlin's beard, that's big!" Luna exclaimed, lazily dragging her hand along the shaft, gently stroking from base to tip, marvelling in the time it took for her hand to reach each polar end. "I mean that's just impractical!" "My thoughts exactly," Ginny smiled, unhooking her bra and sitting down behind Luna. Resting her chin on the Ravenclaw's neck, Ginny pressed her soft, pillowy breasts against the blonde's back as she relished the sight of her new cock. Ginny, admired the shaft, showing her true interests as she said, "It's kind of intriguing though." "How would anyone be able to handle it?" Luna said, breathlessly as she tried to work out how someone would be able to get it inside them. Her mind was boggled at the logistical problems of having enjoyable sex with such a large and bulbous cock. "Shall we find out?" Ginny suggested, her hand snaking around in front of Luna and wrapping around her thick shaft. Gently stroking her hand back and forth across her newfound shaft, Ginny bit her lip. The added size made her cock pulse and throb beneath her hand, adding a level of enjoyment to just stroking. Smiling, she said, "You can go first. I want to try the ring out with a very special person." "Mmm… Ginny…" Luna breathed, leaning back ever so slightly as Ginny slid down from the bed and positioned herself in between Luna's legs. Eying up the entire shaft, face to face, filled Ginny with doubt. The sheer size was enough to put her off, but she continued to gently stroke her hand back and forth, desperate to at least experiment a little. That and she needed to cum before class, otherwise her morning would be hell. Slowly sliding her hand up and down Luna's new found shaft, Ginny bit her lip, the size now presenting an overwhelmingly daunting challenge. Milking a few drops of pre-cum from her sizable head, Ginny used it to lubricate as much of the large shaft as she could. Lifting another hand to Luna's cock, she found that she could easily work such a large throbbing shaft with two hands without them bumping into each other. Leaning in, she puckered her lips planting them softly upon Luna's tip, her lips being swiftly coated in her pre-cum. Lapping the shimmering liquid up, she parted her lips, attempting to swallow the thick shaft. Stretching her lips, she managed to take the tip of Luna's cock into her mouth, her lips pulled tight and taut around the tip. Her tongue was trapped between the bottom of her mouth and the sizable invader that was prodding gently at her throat, begging for access. Saliva began to pool in Ginny's mouth as she struggled to swallow it, the liquid dribbling down the side of Luna's cock and even rolling down Ginny's chin and onto her plump, freckled titties. Continuing to slide her hands up and down Luna's cock, she slid them swiftly down towards the ring and dipped down between Luna's thighs. One of her hands latched onto her balls, which had grown in conjunction with her cock and were now a sizable handful for Ginny to play with. Gently suckling on Luna's tip, Ginny tried to manoeuvre her lips around the giant cock to allow her to take more of the obscene size. Her struggle was in vain as her throat spasmed and clenched at the prospect of taking anymore inside of her, restraining to sucking on the minute, yet sizable portion of Luna's cock. Hollowing her cheeks, she applied a delicious pressure to Luna's cock eliciting a soft moan of pleasure from the blonde's lips as she let her hand drift over to Ginny's head, gently guiding her along the part of her cock she could manage. Moving her lips back and forth across the tip of her cock, Ginny relished every dribble of pre-cum that dripped from her tip and quickly lapped up the beads of the delicious substance that rolled down her tip. Pulling her lips from her cock, Ginny ran her tongue down along her shaft, giving the other parts of her cock some much needed attention, all the while her hands continued to work up and down. The cock looked more out of place on Luna than It did Ginny because of her thinner and tighter frame. However, it served to emphasise the thickness and engorged length that Luna now sported. Running her tongue from the base of Luna's cock all the way up to her tip, she quickly enveloper her cock once again, her lips straining and stretching as she worked them back over her cock. Steeling her resolve, Ginny pushed herself, letting Luna's cock push snugly against her throat without plunging deep inside her tight little throat. Pushing that little bit, Ginny was able to gulp down a second inch, her mouth straining painfully to accommodate such a wide cock. Gagging and splutter, she spewed a mouthful of saliva down Luna's cock, her hand quickly jerking and massaging it up and down the entire shaft, lubricating it with her spittle. More saliva dribbled down her chin and landed on her breasts, dripping down over her erect nipples. Dropping one of her hands from Luna's cock, she latched it onto her own tit, smearing and massaging the copious amounts of saliva across her plump tits, covering them and turning them to a shimmering sheen. Deciding that her jaw needed a break, Ginny slowly pulled her lips off Luna's cock, planting one last kiss on the tip of her shaft, her hand speeding up her jerking and rapidly gliding back and forth across her shaft. Closing her mouth, she felt her relaxed her jaw as she ogled the momentous cock before her. "That is far too big to be usable," Ginny exclaimed, as she breathed deeply, her jaw aching ever so slightly. Collecting as much saliva as she could, she ran both her hands up and down Luna's cock, watching pre-cum dribble from her tip and mix with her own spittle "I think it also… oh… amplifies… mmm… pleasure… because, oh my… is It good," Luna moaned, ignoring Ginny as her mind was plunged into a pleasurable haze. Gently weaving her hand into Ginny's fiery hair, Luna tried to coax the redhead back to her cock, desperate to feel her succulent suckling lips back on her bulbous cock. "It's strange, but there is a weird part of me that kind of wants to try it out. You know? Down below? See how much I can take," Ginny said biting her lip as she was strangely fascinated with the obscene size. It wasn't out of any lust for pleasure, but rather a perverse pride to see how much she could manage. Gently stroking the shaft, Ginny felt an overwhelming desire to cum and to prove herself. "I certainly want to give it a shot," Luna smiled through a dreamy and pleasurable haze, her mind riddled with the pleasurable sensations of Ginny's hand and the prospect of having something even tighter than her lips wrapped around her new found, more sensitive cock. But the idea of Ginny's arse certainly perked her up. "Okay, but if we do this, ground rules. We only go as far as I say. I say stop, you pull out. I'm in control," Ginny said sternly, her look of lust and intrigue replaced with one of sincerity and purpose. Rolling onto her back and spreading her deliciously creamy thighs, she reiterated, her ass unwittingly clenching at the nervous prospect of taking such and enormously impractical cock inside her, "I'm only saying this because I know how you get when we have sex. You get rough when you get pleasured and I don't want you getting rough with that between your legs." "Understood," Luna smiled. She did tend to get carried away whenever she was having sex. With Harry, she was ready to spear him on her cock if only he hadn't talked her down. Resting her hands against Ginny's thighs, Luna pushed her legs open wider. Dribbling a mouthful of saliva over Ginny's tight, winking arse, Luna spread it across the hole, lubricating it. Doing the same for her cock, she lubed as much of it as she could to a lubed shimmer before resting it against Ginny's arse. Looking into Ginny's eyes, she asked for reassurance one last time before she went ahead and pushed inside, "Ready?" Nodding tentatively, Ginny felt pressure building at her arse. Hooking her hands around her thighs, she tried to hold her position and make it as easy as possible. Scrunching up her face, she felt the thick, bulbous cockhead, slick with saliva prodding at her arsehole, begging entrance as it poked and pushed. Trying to find a way to wriggle the tip inside, Luna kept supporting her cock. One hand wrapped around the sizable tip, while the other supported her heavy shaft, trying to manoeuvre the tip inside her. It didn't take long for her to discover the difficulties of using such a big cock in sex, however, the amplified pleasure that the ring was providing was sensational. Even the simple graze of her sensitive tip against Ginny's wrinkled asshole was enough to illicit a moan of indescribable pleasure. Gritting her teeth, Ginny felt Luna's cock slowly pry its way inside her with the very tip of her bulbous shaft settling in the nook of her arse. Gently and slowly pushing forwards, Luna still struggled to gain entrance, but Ginny's hole was slowly giving away. Spreading her legs a little wider, Ginny relaxed as much as she could, her cock twitching at the prospect of Luna entering her. Her hole began to slowly expand, her tight ring giving way for Luna's cockhead. Grunting in pain and ever so slight pleasure, Ginny bit her lip as Luna slowly slid inside her. It took a moment of adjustment, but soon her arse was wrapped snugly around Luna's cockhead, the first inch of her shaft lodged inside her arse and stretching her to lengths that she couldn't imagine. Through all the pain, there was the pleasurable sensation of slowly filling with cock, but the pain was overwhelming at this point as she tried to relax and adjust to the monster probing her arse. Rubbing her hands along her thighs to calm herself, she moaned softly. "Fuck…" Ginny groaned, her eyes bulging as she felt the tip settle inside her, the bulbous head spreading her arse wider and wider. Her hole ached as she felt herself stretch but she tried her best to remain calm, her eyes gently rolling back into her head as she slowly got used to new invader Supporting her sizable cock, Luna slowly moved her hips back and forth, shifting her cockhead back and forth inside Ginny. She was careful not to slide any more inside the young redhead, but moved her cock enough to push the limits of Ginny's arse and to send more pleasurable sensations rushing through her cock. Ginny's ass was tight at the best of times, but with her new-found size, Luna found her cock to be enveloped in a pleasurable tightness that she hadn't experience before and a perverse part of her wanted to submerge the entirety of her cock inside the redhead's delectable bum. As Luna's cock moved back and forth, Ginny felt her hole noticeably loosen as the pain was mitigated by an ever-growing sensation of pleasure. While it was nowhere near enough for the cock in her arse to feel comfortable, it was enough for her to start moaning with every subtle shift that Luna made inside her butt. Luna lent over Ginny, one of her hands planting itself beside her head to support her, whilst the other remained firmly wrapped around the tip of her cock, gently moving it in and out of her bum. If it weren't for the amplification of pleasure, Luna would have quickly tired of such a boring and monotonous source of pleasure, however, her cock was submerged in a wealth of pleasure she hadn't felt before. Consumed by the pleasure rushing through her cock, Luna slowly eased a second inch, sending Ginny's eyes wide open as her hole stretched to accommodate the wider portion of Luna's cock. Her hands roamed Luna's body as she tried to distract herself from the immense object pushing through her butthole. Gently pawing at Luna's petite, pert breasts, Ginny softly squeezed them, her hands sliding down to Luna's arse, pulling and playing with her small butt cheeks. Slowly, Luna began to move those two inches in and out of Ginny, trying to find a position that afforded her a good angle, but she was conceded to clumsily pushing her cock in and out with her own hand. Leaning up, Ginny captured Luna's lips in a soft kiss, pulling her deeper into their embrace as their bodies pressed against each other, Luna's cock begging for more access. As their bodies writhed against each other, Ginny became increasingly aware of how sweaty she had grown, her body glistening in the candle light from the strain of her arse being plundered. Luna's body wasn't nearly as bad, but they had developed a seductive sheen that added to their arousal as they moaned and groaned into each other's mouths, pleasure slowly building in both their bodies as they grew more and more accustomed to the thick cock between Luna's creamy thighs. "Slow… Please go slow…" Ginny groaned, biting her lip as Luna pushed and eased slowly forwards. Feeling her thick tip probing deeper and deeper inside her, Ginny gasped as the third inch entered her, her hands roaming across Luna's body, breasts and nipples as she tried to steady herself and distract her from the cock that was slowly pushing her to her limits. Gently pulling and pushing the first three inches of her cock in and out of Ginny, Luna had submerged enough of her cock inside Ginny to no longer have to support her heavy shaft. Using both hands to support herself above Ginny, she sped up her slow thrusting, but not nearly enough to push deeper inside. The two girls clung to each other as Ginny winced in pain. Luna's cock tapered inch after inch, growing ever so slightly thicker, so the third inch was starting to try her resolve. Breathing heavily, Ginny strangely began to enjoy the enormity of her friend's cock, relishing the few moments of incomparable pleasure the gigantic shaft offered her. The awkwardness of the size and their position caused the two girls to grunt and groan as they tried to get comfortable, but never quite getting there. In between the fervent and passionate kisses, they let soft grunts and moans slip through their lips, Ginny's hands constantly roaming Luna's body and bringing more and more pleasure to the petite blonde. Luna was in heaven as the first three inches of her cock eased in and out of the tightest hole she had ever experienced. The ring not only amplified the pleasure her cock was feeling, but her entire body, so each gently graze of Ginny's hand on her skin made her moan in response to the divine sensations they elicited. Her small breasts would brush against Ginny's more sizable handfuls, their nipples battling each other as their bodies pushed and ground against each other. The first three inches were bringing Luna such pleasure that she actively restrained from forcing another inch and another inch. She desperately longed to feel all fourteen inches inside Ginny, but knew that such an intrusion would bring Ginny to tears if not worse. Working her hands down between her and Luna's body, Ginny found her cock. Leaning back, Luna knelt between Ginny's legs, letting her own hands wrap around the redhead's succulent thighs, pushing them wider apart and spreading her that little bit more. The new position gave Ginny access to her cock which she quickly began to pleasure. Her hand wrapped around the base of her cock rapidly speeding back and forth across her shaft as pre-cum spilled from the tip of it. Soaking her hand, she used it as lubrication and lowered her other hand further down to latch onto her sensitive balls. Moaning at the added pleasure, Ginny was getting to a point where the pleasure outweighed the pain ever so slightly, but not enough to make a difference. Assuming the time to be right, Luna decided to test the waters with another inch. Slowly sinking her hips, she let a fourth inch slip past Ginny's arsehole. Dribbling a mouthful of saliva down over her cock, she lubricated, trying to make it as easy as she could for the Weasley girl, hoping that the redhead had the ability to sink another couple of inches inside her before it became too painful. Unfortunately for her, Ginny was reaching her maximum. Her tight asshole was starting to ache to the point where she couldn't work with it any longer. Steeling herself, she sped her jerking off up, trying to build her orgasm up before the shaft became too thick for her. Breathing steadily, Ginny managed to take the fourth inch in and out of her with relative ease, her mouth falling open in pleasure after a few moments of gentle thrusting. Luna's hands ran up to her freckled breasts and gently clasped the handfuls of flesh in her hands, massaging them. Rubbing her nipples, she began to gently twist them between her fingers and roll them back and forth. Seeing her opportunity, Luna pushed forwards, the fifth inch bulging as it entered her arsehole, stretching her to new lengths. Ginny's eyes flew open as Luna continued to push past the fifth inch, her momentum taking control as the sixth inch nearly passed her entrance. "Stop!" Ginny exclaimed loudly as the next inch began to threaten entrance. The sixth inch bulged a little wider and took her to her limits. Listening to her friend, Luna obeyed her orders to a tee and slowly began to pull out. Much to her confusion, Ginny wrapped her slender legs around her waist, holding her position. The redhead's hands latched onto Luna's arse cheeks, holding her there as she moaned, "Don't pull out, just stop…" "I thought if you said stop, I should pull out," Luna said, supressing her desire to moan as she tried to check her friend was okay. The delicious myriad of tightening and clenching muscles that were dancing across her cock forced a moan to the tip of her tongue, begging to fill the room despite her attempts to remain focussed. "I can handle it… just don't put any more in… Only those five inches…" Ginny breathed stoically, laying back on the bed and letting her hand drift back to her cock. Wrapping around the base of her shaft, she began to furiously jerk herself back and forth, moaning as she slowly adjusted to the thick bulbous shaft. Moving her hips back and forth, Luna made a special effort to restrain herself to those five inches and in all honesty, she wasn't sure if she could handle the tightness of Ginny's arse wrapped around all fourteen. The pleasure was insurmountable as she eased herself in and out, building up a slow, methodical and purposeful rhythm. Every time she pulled an inch or two out, she waited a moment, allowing Ginny to groan in discomforted pleasure before she worked her cock back inside her. The two girls grunted in pleasurable pain as the adjusted to the awkwardness of the angles and how obtuse it was to manoeuvre. But slowly enough to melted into it, their bodies began to writhe together as Luna dipped down and took Ginny's lips into her own, kissing her and pulling her deeper into their passionate side. The first few times they had ever had sex were the more awkward and carnal sides of their relationship, but as time went on, they slowly devolved into the realms of pure and utter passion. And this time was no different, albeit with a larger cock plundering Ginny's arse and pulling her cheeks apart. The room filled with the pleasured groans of the two ladies and the gentle wet slap of Luna's saliva slick cock moving in and out of Ginny's ass. Ginny's hand continued to speed along her own shaft, adding a contribution of soft wet slapping sounds to the chorus of orgasmic sounds. Biting her lip, Ginny tried to curb her moans and focus on enjoying the pleasure, but her lips parted and she moaned loudly, finally succumbing to the delicious pleasures that Luna's painful cock could provide. Luna began to speed up as Ginny's hole accommodated the sizable thickness. Whilst she wouldn't try her luck and push her cock any deeper, Luna was certainly content with Ginny's flexing and spasming arse. She was constantly trying to adjust to the size, so her arse was contorting and dancing along her cock in a myriad of ways and every time she pushed inside her, her cock was greeted with a new degree of tightness, keeping her pleasure fresh and interesting as she worked herself in and out. The two continued to bump against each other passionately, both of them nearing their orgasms as they gently fucked. Luna's cock was on the verge of exploding, but she was adamant on the idea of seeing Ginny's cock spasm and erupt from the stimulation her own shaft provided. Holding of as long as she could, she gazed into Ginny's closed eyes as the redhead was lost in her own world of pleasure, her cock spasming and twitching in pleasure. Ginny continued to furiously jerk herself off while she felt herself nearing her orgasm. Laying back, she squealed in pleasure as she stroked herself over the edge. Jerking her cock, she caused several strands of cum to spurt across her stomach and stretching up to her breasts. Strand after strand of cum erupted from her pleasure ridden cock as she writhed against Luna's shaft. As she milked the last few drops from her cock, her orgasm spasming arse pushed Luna over the edge as she pushed back inside Ginny's clenching arse. Cumming hard, she spurted several thick strands of cum deep into Ginny's arse, filling the redhead up with copious amounts of cum. Slowly drawing he cock out of the Gryffindor girl, Luna popped her cock from her clutching arse, dribbles of cum pouring from her ass as Ginny moaned loudly. Rapidly stroking her cock, Luna erupted again, shooting strands of cum across Ginny's cock and onto her stomach and tits, her cum mingling with the cum that Ginny provided herself. As she lay there getting covered in cum, a part of Ginny wondered if the ring also amplified that, considering the fact she had never seen Luna cum so much. Luna flopped onto her side next to Ginny, breathing heavily as the two of them lay there recuperating from their most intense and explicitly creative love-making session. Ginny felt her arsehole flex and tense as she slowly closer, cum dribbling out of her and dropping down her sweat glistened body. Breathing heavily, she felt her arse begin to ache as the remaining hints of pleasure ebbed away from her body and left her a little sore. "Oh… fuck that's gonna hurt for a while," Ginny winced as she eased herself up into a sitting position, her ass aching from their fucking. She felt her hole slightly agape as she shifted back and forth between each arse cheek, trying to find a comfortable position. Looking over at Luna, her eyes widened as she saw her cock, "Are you still hard?" Glancing at Luna's cock, she could see that the shaft hadn't waned in its size or hardness. Still erect and throbbing in Luna's hand, she could easily go again with the ring imbuing her with a fertility charm. Gently jerking herself, she smeared several dribbles of cum up and down her own shaft, combining them with the saliva that Ginny had tried to coat her cock with, to lube it to a shimmer. Opening her eyes, she groaned deciding that she needed to take the ring of lest it give her a lust for the enchantments it provided. "I think it's the ring," Luna explained as she slowly worked the silver ring up and over her cock. As the ring slid over the tip of her cock, she watched her cocks shrink back to its regular size as well as deflate into a softened and more manageable form. "Well… it's certainly something," Ginny chuckled as she admired the ring once more. Taking her wand from her robes, she cast a quick spell, watching as the cum that was splattered across her body quickly disappeared and the dishevelled state of the bed quickly remedied itself. "Yeah. That special person you want to try it on? Go easy on Harry. If you can only take five inches, then he'll struggle even more," Luna smiled, throwing the ring back over to Ginny who quickly stowed it away in her robes away from harm's way. "He's not too keen on the idea of my normal cock going anywhere near his hole. Suppose I'll have to wait to test ride this," Ginny chuckled, remembering the adverse reaction her proposal of anal got from Harry. She was adamant on trying the ring out, but if she sprung the obscene size of her cock whilst wearing the ring on Harry, he'd certainly never let her ride him again. Turning back to Luna, she smiled watching the girl dress herself, "It's good to see you again Luna." "It was good to see you again as well. We have classes and Professor Snape won't want me turning up late. He already thinks I'm a bit ditzy. If I'm late, he'll probably think I'm crazy," Luna grinned as she dressed herself remarkably quickly and turned towards the door. Quickly disappearing, she left Ginny alone, naked and with a large, emboldened smile on her face. Luna was something, Ginny thought as she slowly dressed herself, her cock no longer wanting to spring free of her panties. Author's Note: For anyone worried about the power of the ring and how it makes cocks obscenely large, don't worry. I don't intend for the ring to be used left right and centre. I for one have grown tired of the amount of shemale stories that have obscenely large cocks on all their girls and have everyone easily managing to deepthroat and get fucked by them without question. While I wanted some girls to have large cocks, I decided that having it be a temporary thing that the ring provides makes it more special and less unbelievable. And any time the ring is used, there will be an emphasis on the obscene nature of a cock that size. It won't be slamming in and out of people like it's a three-inch cock. It will be slow and difficult, much like this chapter. Also, the ring serves a narrative function for a character so that's why it's there. I just wanted to clarify my intentions for the ring because I know there are a lot of people who like this story because it forgoes the unnatural sized cocks and like the story because it's a little more grounded! With that in mind, I intend to go back through the story and make some adjustments when it comes to the various sizes of cocks. When I've decided just what characters will be in this story, I intend to decide their sizes before their appearance to have some continuity and so some characters may be changed! The next chapter has Draco's return as he makes a rather crucial error and stumbles into a less that fortunate situation of his own making. Till next time!
Author's Note: Sorry for the late upload. Trying to get back into a schedule as there are some pretty fun chapters up and coming that I really want to write (chapter 10 being a particular favourite for me!). So, expect the next chapter next week if things go the right way! Anyways, thanks for the reviews you guys left last time, they really did help shape the story I wanted to tell. So, if you have any more criticisms and comments then please let me know and I'll ruminate upon them and alter my story to reflect that! I also have another question to ask regarding what kind of kinks and stuff people would like to see. I have very few limits as to what I won't write (feet, scat, blood and piss) and would love to know what people want to see. I've started to compile a poll on various acts that are kinkier and would appreciate some reviews from people detailing what they would like to see. The poll will go up alongside the next chapter so that I can gauge just what people want to see! I have worked on the plan for this story and I have managed to come up with a pretty spicy story. There are a few open chapters that can be changed around so any particular fantasies/ideas you want to see, let me know! Onto this week's chapter! Draco is back and does something foolish. Should be fun! Enjoy! Chapter 8: A Foolish Endeavour Peering quickly around the corner, Draco eyed up his target. The portrait leading into the Gryffindor common room. He had been standing there for just under and hour, trying to figure out the passphrase from the several muffled entrants as they moved into the room. However, he found himself unable to decipher their mumblings, leaving him without a clue as to what the passphrase was. Reaching into his pocket, he withdrew a small vial of Polyjuice potion, a vial that he had taken from Professor Snape's personal stores at the end of their last Potion's class. Unhooking the stopper, he smelled with swirling concoction, his mind debating whether or not he should just walk way, wondering if it was worth it. Steeling himself, Draco glanced around looking for Pansy. She was taking care of the other intrinsic aspect to the Polyjuice potion and was taking a little too long for Draco's liking. Just as Draco stowed the Polyjuice back into his pocket, Pansy darted around the corner, a little out of breath as she grinned wildly at Draco. Hushing the girl, Draco pulled her into the small portion of shadows in which he stood, trying to make sure none of the people entering the common room could see them. Turning to Pansy, he asked quietly, "Did you get it?" "Yes, Weasley didn't even notice me. He's stuck in the library revising with Potter," Pansy smiled, reaching into her pocket as she pulled out a lock of fiery red hair. Grimacing at the sight and the idea of what was about to happen, Draco retrieved the vial of Polyjuice Potion. "Good. Can't believe I have act like a filthy Weasley." Draco snarled, opening the vial and gesturing for Pansy to put the hairs inside. As she dropped them into the liquid, they fizzled and bubbled slightly before the liquid settled. The idea of pretending to be a Weasley was certainly unsettling, but the prospect of not retrieving the ring stood as a worse endeavour. "Well, as soon as you find the ring, we can head back to the common room. You know, for some alone time?" Pansy purred, hooking her leg around Draco as he peered around the corner. Gently grinding on Draco, she felt her cock harden beneath her clothing, straining against the tight thong she had chosen to wear. Even with its small size, Pansy's cock begged for freedom. "Yes, yes. That's if she has the ring," Draco said, dismissing the horny girl as he gritted his teeth and took a deep and painful swig of the potion. Stifling the urge to vomit, he felt his face begin to contort, his features shift uncomfortably. Grunting softly as his body widened and he became stockier and more built, Draco felt himself begin to settle, the transformation finishing. Throwing of his cloak, he revealed the poorest looking clothing he owned. He made an effort to dress like Weasley, but even then, he didn't have many options and still looked a little to posh for the face he wore. "How do I look?" Draco asked as he handed the Polyjuice potion and the cloak to Pansy, wanting to make sure that he looked exactly as he meant to. Without a mirror, Pansy's judgement would have to suffice. "Positively horrible, Draco," Pansy smiled, stowing the potion in her own pocket and tucking the cloak beneath her arm. Glancing around the corner, she saw the common room door swing open and two people slowly make their way through. Realising that it was now or never, she ushered Draco around the corner, setting him on his way, "Hurry Draco, before it closes." Rushing swiftly around the corner, Draco managed to slip into the common room just as the door swung shut. Breathing heavily, he glanced around the room, the garish red and golden colours almost blinding him as he nervously walked into the common room. Accentuating every step, he tried to find Hermione, wanting this ordeal to over swiftly and for him and Pansy to retreat. As much as he didn't want to admit it, he quite fancied the Slytherin girl's lips around his cock at that moment. The room was quite full, giving him the opportunity to move through without being spotted by anyone Ron knew, but also meant that he had no idea where the Mudblood was. Sighing, he double checked, reaffirming that he she wasn't there before crossing over to the nearest staircase. Taking a wild leap in logic, he decided to search further up the tower, only to have the steps beneath his feet smoothen and turn to a slide. His knees crashed into the stone as he was flung backwards and back into the Common Room. The majority of people didn't notice as Draco leapt to his feet and quickly brushed his clothes down. His face flushed red in true Weasley fashion as he heard two distinct and annoying laughs rise from the crowd. Sitting at a table next to him were Seamus and Dean, their faces plastered with laughter as they tried to contain themselves. Burning at the collar, Draco had to steel himself from lashing out as Seamus piped up. "Trying to crack a look at the girl's changing, Weasley? Didn't know you had it in you!" Seamus laughed, Dean quickly joining into the chorus of laughter as Draco felt his blood boil at the insolence. Gritting his teeth, Draco felt his fists clench as he glared at the two. "How dare you!" Draco snarled, ready to lash out before realising his mistake. Trying to calm himself, he remembered just whose face he was wearing and quickly pushed the thought of lashing out from mind. Calming himself, he walked swiftly towards the other set of stairs, clambering up towards the boy's dormitory, Draco needed a place to think and place to formulate a plan. Finding the dorm room with Ron's name on it, he quickly slipped inside, needing a moment to figure out how he would get up to Hermione's dorm. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Hermione watched as Parvati and Lavender left the dorm room, giggling as they often did. As the rounded the corner, Hermione reached beneath her pillow and withdrew the notebook. She had been reading and re-reading it since she had first discovered its true nature and found herself enthralled by the idea of what it was telling her. She had brushed past the entry detailing Gabrielle Delacour's information, disregarding her as some French Beauxbaton with a perversion for her own family and instead focusses on Ron's page. If the book was to be believed, Ron had a proclivity for being dominated. To what extent, she didn't know, but the details that the book revealed were interesting enough. Enough to provoke her interest and make her wonder just how true the book was too its word. There was only one way to find out the truth and she was certain that Ron would be dismissive if she simply asked him. "What if it's true?" Hermione murmured to herself, running her finger along the portion of the book that detailed Ron's fondness for a more dominant partner. Biting her lip, she felt herself slowly harden. She and Ron hadn't exactly been intimate with one another for a while and she was debating whether or not to try out the information in the book, "Maybe he likes it when I'm bossy? I mean, what's the worst that could happen? We're having sex so he won't exactly complain…Or will he? What if I hurt him?" Breathing heavily, she felt a surge of confidence build inside her as she decided to throw caution to the wind and go for it. Stowing the book beneath her bed, she went swiftly down to the common room in search of the redhead. Unable to find him, she asked Seamus and was quickly pointed towards the boy's dorm. Rushing up the stairs, she found the room with Ron's name on it and quickly entered. Closing the door behind her, she saw Ron milling about, checking his face in a mirror, his cheeks flushed red and in a general panic. Smiling, she locked the door, the clicking sound of the lock enough to draw the boy's attention. Startled, Draco turned around to see Hermione at the doorway, a devilish smile on her face as she strode towards him, her legs carrying her swiftly to his side. "Right Ron! You are going to do what I want when I want. Is that understood?" Hermione said, her heart racing as she ordered Ron around. Nervous, Hermione felt her heart nearly burst from her chest as she tried to assume that dominant demeanour. The blank look on Ron's face didn't exactly bode well for her, but she decided to press on and assume he was simply playing along to the role. Confused, Draco nodded, watching as Hermione snaked a hand through his hair and softly tugged his head back, her smile stretching across her face. Draco's heart raced as he realised that Ron and Hermione were into some kinky stuff and his heart raced even faster as he realised that he was slowly spiralling into that kinky stuff. Steeling himself, he tried to keep up the act. "Good. Now, get on your knees like the… little… cock-slut you are? Yeah, cock-slut," Hermione said uncertainly, her voice cracking and wavering as she tried her hand at dirty talk. However, he entire dominant side was based on a single video she accidently stumbled upon two years ago, meaning her nervousness and inexperience shone through brighter than the dominance. "Huh…" Draco said, her hand weaving through his hair and gently pushing him down. Quickly realising that he was in more trouble than he cared to bargain for, Draco felt his body seize up. Sinking slowly to his knees, he debated letting Hermione proceed or getting caught and promptly expelled. However, letting Hermione proceed promised to end in her naked to some degree, a fantasy Draco had had for a fair while. A fantasy that half the year had. A part of him was curious, if terrified, considering how he was on the opposite side of the equation that he was normally on. And as she unzipped her jeans, he realised just what he was in for. Slowly unzipping her jeans, Hermione groaned softly as she felt the tension release itself. Gently working the waistband down over her hips, she freed her boxer clad cock. Dropping her jeans to her knees, she watched Ron's eyes widen as he saw the large bulge between her legs strain against her boxers. Hooking her fingers inside the band, she worked the boxers over her cock, her throbbing shaft bursting free. Dropping the garment to her knees, she lazily and casually stroked her hand back and forth across her shaft, relishing the free feeling. "Ready for this… you… whore…" Hermione stammered her other hand supporting her hardened cock as she tried to guide Ron's mouth to her cock. He voice was even more unsure, with the word whore seeming more out of place than she felt at the moment. Draco's eyes went wide as he saw the thick cock bounce free, his worst fears realised as she gently stroked herself. Stuck on his knees, he risked breaking cover or being forced to suck a Mudblood's cock. Panicking, he tried to focus, but felt Hermione hand snake through his hair. Roughly jerking his head back, trying to open his mouth, Hermione elicited a squeal of pain from Ron, the pitch much higher than she was used to. Panicking, he dominating demeanour broke as she apologised profusely. "Ooo… Sorry… no, not sorry. You deserve it… for being… being a naughty boy…" Hermione said, quickly trying to recover from her momentary lapse of judgement. As she continued, she started to debate whether or not she was into the whole dominant aspect. Sure, Ron may enjoy being submissive, but she was a fish out water, "Open wide before I… spank you…" "Am I doing this, right?" She said nervously, breaking her character and leaning down towards Ron. Smiling hopefully, she looked into Ron's eyes, the unnerved glare of Draco looking back at her behind the Redhead's visage. "Eh… yeah," Draco said, trying to emulate the Weasley's voice as much as he could. Not wanting to break his cover by saying more words than necessary, he opted for the simpler response, despite the discomfort it would entail. "Good… so, suck my cock or I'll… spank you… again… no, twice," She said, bolstered with a new confidence as she gently stroked her cock and let it dangle in front of Draco's lips. Waiting for him to start, Hermione found her footing, the reassurance of Ron giving her the boost that was needed to embody that dominance. Draco sat there completely unsure as to what he should do. Partly due to shock, he found himself unable to move, unsure if he could escape or was confined to this. Sighing, Hermione grew impatient and snaked her hand around Ron's head and pulled his head gently forwards. Pressing her pre-cum coated top against his lips, she made sure to coat them in the glossy liquid, Draco doing everything in his power to not taste it. Moaning softly at the soft pair of lips sliding across her cockhead, Hermione bit her leap and gently pushed forwards, using her hand behind his head to steady him as she fed him her cock. Pressing against his teeth, Hermione nudged forwards, begging entrance, entrance which Draco was hesitant to give. Glancing up at Hermione, he was a shot a judgemental glare, forcing him to part his teeth. Pushing forwards she sank a couple inches into Draco's mouth, pre-cum spilling onto his tongue as he spluttered and gagged at the taste. Moaning, she stopped supporting her cock in favour of gently pulling Ron's mouth towards her base, wriggling more and more of her deliciously thick shaft into his tight convulsing throat. Gently grunting, she felt her cockhead probe his throat, his muscles spasming and clenching, denying her access. After the delectably expert blowjob she received from Gabrielle, Hermione was determined to sink her cock deep into Ron's gullet. But her lust to delve deeper into his throat was trumped by her desire to appear dominant to Ron. Letting go of his head, she gestured that she wanted him to please her himself, much to Draco's dismay. Breathing steadily through his nose, Draco was unsure as to what he should do and simply began to drag his lips back and forth across her shaft. Every movement made him feel perverse and wrong, the bulging thickness of her cock pressing against his lips being enough to make him gag. Trying to swallow as much saliva as he could, he inadvertently swallowed her pre-cum, his mind revolting at the taste. His tongue was pressed flat against the base of his mouth as he moved his mouth back and forth rigidly. "Jerk my cock, boy," Hermione gently moaned, her mind slowly beginning to become clouded by pleasure and her more dominant side coming to her much easier. Resting her hand of Ron's head, she gently guided him from her cock, letting him breath as she urged him to jerk her cock off. Draco's hand spasmed as he tentatively and begrudgingly reached for her cock. Breathing normally, he wiped his chin and watched his fingers wrap around the base of her cock, the thick throbbing meat acting as a change of pace from Pansy's thin and meagre shaft. Despite his disgust for the situation, he could denounce the fact that it felt better to jerk a thicker piece of cock rather than gently shake a tiny one. Sliding his towards the tip of his cock, Draco milked a bead of pre-cum from her tip, the dribble rolling down her shaft and mingling with the saliva that now coated his hand. Steeling himself, he drew his hand back down her shaft, gently, yet firmly jerking one of his worst enemies off. Hermione's hand gently pulled his head back to her cock, her cockhead glistening more vibrantly with pre-cum. Parting his lips in fear, he felt her tip settling inside his mouth. His hand ground to a halt as he closed his eyes, trying to think other things. Hermione's hand dropped to his, guiding his hand back along her shaft, forcing him to resume his jerking. Inadvertently, his hand began to milk more and more of her pre-cum from her bulbous tip, the droplets of delicious nectar dribbling down onto his tongue, coating the muscle as it wriggled around her cock. The delicious sensation of his tongue dancing back and forth as it tried to rid itself of the pre-cum sent shivers through Hermione's body. Sinking her hips lower, she pushed her cock further into his mouth, her cockhead once more pressing snugly against his throat. The taste of the pre-cum finally got to Draco as he swallowed copious amounts of it. Gagging and spluttering, he tried to pull his lips away, desperate for a clear breath of air. However, Hermione's hand held him firmly in place, her cock plunged deep into his mouth, probing and pushing, trying to sink into his throat. Pushing against her thighs, he tried to free himself, but only garnered Hermione's attention and in the wrong way. Her pleasure hazed mind gave her the wrong impression and Draco suffered for it. "Oh, you want me to make you suck my cock?" Hermione breathed, taking his sudden retraction as part of their roleplay. Biting her lip, she let pleasure take over as she pressed her cockhead back against Draco's unwitting lips. Forcing her tip back into her mouth, she felt him gag and splutter even from the short length inside his mouth. Wrapping her hand around Ron's head, she steadied her position, ready for her true dominance to shine through. Smiling, she looked down at a somewhat fearful Ron and smiled, "You're in for it now…" Weaving both her hands tightly through Ron's hair, jerking his head forwards just enough for him to wince, Hermione gently pushed her cockhead against his lips. Pushing into his mouth, she kept a strong steady momentum as she flattened his tongue and forced her cockhead deeper and deeper. Spilling more and more pre-cum down his throat, her cockhead pressed firmly against his throat, waiting for him to swallow. Saliva pooled in his mouth and dribbled down his chin as Draco tried defiantly keep his throat shut and not swallow a single drop, thus giving her access to his throat. Smiling, Hermione let her eyes roll closed as she prepared to push past her toy's throat. With one clumsy and powerful thrust, Hermione pushed past Draco's unwilling throat, three inches of thick throbbing cock disappearing deep into Draco's clutching and spasming throat. Saliva dribbled down her cock as she groaned loudly, the warm wetness of his throat doing wonders for her pleasure. Revelling in the clenching tightness of his ever spasming throat, Hermione gently began to work her cock in and out, easing the five inches she had already sunk into his throat back and forth, slowly opening his gullet up for more and more. Slowly fucking his throat, Hermione kept Ron's head in place, using both her hands to push his head closer and closer to her crotch. Her cock was lubed to a glistening shimmer as more and more saliva poured from Draco's mouth, his lips pulled tightly around her shaft. Each shift of her hips caused him to gag as he slowly fought for air. Each fleeting breath he drew threw his nose was enough to keep him conscious as Hermione was consumed by her pure and utter lust for pleasure. Speeding her thrusts up, she managed to sink another inch inside his throat, his throat expanding to accommodate the thick invading length. Draco's hands were pushing against Hermione as he fought for his freedom. Unwittingly, the fact that his hands were roaming along and pushing against Hermione's bare and silky thighs was enough to set his cock alight, his shaft hardening between his legs. Her thrusts quickened even more as she started to more with an increased fervour, her mind dancing with the orgasmic sensations she was revelling in. As a seventh inch disappeared down Draco's throat, the sound of Hermione's balls bouncing back and forth began to grow in tandem with the ferocity and speed of her thrusts. Enough saliva had dribbled down to her balls resulting in them glistening with slick spittle. Whilst she was yet to sink her cock deep enough into Draco's throat so that her balls would slap against her toy's chin, Hermione's balls still grazed his dribbling chin with enough momentum. Starting to slam her hips forwards and pulling Ron's head to meet her thrust, Hermione managed to sink two inches into his throat at once with nine of her thick, throbbing inches pulsating in Draco's spasming and clutching gullet, with the imprint of her thick cock outlined on Draco's neck as she slid into his throat. Draco's eyes flew open as he felt another large portion of delve deeper into his throat, his eyes bulging at the prospect of how much was inside him. Hermione's mind was enveloped in pleasure as she sank more of herself into Ron than she had ever managed to, to the extent that she was slowly beginning do adore the dominant aspect. Holding those nine inches deep in his throat for a moment longer, revelling in the tightness of his throat, his flailing tongue and his hands massaging her thighs, Hermione began to fuck his throat again. Slamming in and out of Draco's throat, Hermione managed to sink one last inch into his mouth before his throat gave way. With ten out of eleven inches submerged and pounding in and out of his tight throat, Hermione was content, her slippery balls slapping against his chin adding to the streaks of saliva running down his chin. Concentrating on his breathing, Draco gave up trying, simply conceding to his fate and allowing Hermione to use his throat. However, despite his helplessness, a perverse side of him still remained as he slid his hands around to her arse, gently cupping the Mudblood's cheeks, fondling and squeezing the soft, plump handfuls. Hermione was too consumed with pleasure to comment of punish him for his groping, her mind focussed on the sensational pleasures surging along her shaft. Moaning loudly, she sped up her thrusts, he balls on the verge of exploding cum down Ron's throat. She had half a mind to simply let herself spurt her load into Ron's mouth, but she still wanted to feel his tight arse once again. Slowly pulling her cock out of Ron's throat, she watched in awe as each glistening, saliva soaked inch slid out of his throat. As the last one left his lips, Draco began to breath erratically, gasping for breath as he finally got to breathe. Hermione didn't let go of his head just yet as she grabbed the base of her cock and gently slapped it against his face, streaks of saliva crossing his face as she playfully slapped him with her shaft. Finally letting go of him, she smiled devilishly as she started to take her jeans of properly. "Mmm… my cock-slut is learning… good. Now bend over for me," Hermione smiled, slowly pulling her jeans off her legs alongside her boxers. Revealing her long, slender and creamy legs, she tossed her trousers and underwear to one side. Quickly unzipping her hoodie, she tossed it aside, before pulling her t-shirt off. Draco's eyes widened as he got a look at Hermione and they widened even further as she unclipped her bra and revealed her entire nude body to him. Gently jerking her cock, she advanced on Draco, his mind still admiring her nude form. Even in his current state, Draco couldn't resist ogling Hermione's body, feeling Ron's cock harden between his legs. Her body was far fuller than Pansy and despite her heritage, Hermione was very attractive. Her breasts were the perfect size and looked full and soft. Her long slender legs weren't too thin, but instead had that seductive sleekness too them, each leg rounding into a perfect bum cheek that jiggled with each step she took. Her form more than made up for the thick enormity of her cock, but even then, Draco couldn't imagine what was about to happen. "I said… bend over," Hermione said sternly and with a dominance that she was lacking previously. Her lust for pleasure and the adrenaline running through her body gave her all the confidence she needed as she stroked herself, gently advancing on Draco. Glancing towards the door, Draco realised that he was trapped. It was either getting expelled for impersonating another student to get into a common room or getting fucked up the ass. A tough choice. Breathing heavily, he conceded his fate and slowly rose to his feet. Turning around, he rested his knees on Ron's bed, resting on all fours and presenting himself to Hermione. Closing his eyes, he calmed himself and let her take control, knowing that this was all for a purpose. Smiling, Hermione admired the view before reaching around and unbuckling Ron's jeans. Pulling them roughly over her arse, she let them fall by his knees as she bit her lip. It had been a while since she'd seen Ron's ass and she admittedly missed his round cheeks. Gently rubbing her hand along his plump arse, she pulled and gently toyed with his cheeks, prying them apart to ogle his tight little arse hole. Refraining from ploughing him there and then, Hermione decided to play with him a while longer, wanting to toy with him properly before she sank her cock deep inside his ass. Snaking her hand around to his cock, she gently tugged his shaft back and forth, jerking his cock. Trying not to moan, Draco conceded, his lips parting as h moaned gently. Her soft fingers had an expertise that Pansy's didn't and despite the situation, Draco was admittedly enjoying this. Her other hand dipped between his legs and toyed with his balls, gently massaging them as she coaxed more and more pre-cum from his shaft. Starting to coat her hand with pre-cum, Draco lost himself in the gentle pleasure, only to be sharply drawn back into reality. Hermione dropped her hand from his balls and slapped his arse, a red handprint rising from his cheek. Watching his arse bounce with the impact, Hermione smiled. "Ay…" Draco yelped sharply, his normal voice filling the room, much to Hermione's confusion. Had she not been steeped in pleasure and longing to sink herself back inside Ron, she might have questioned it. However, her throbbing cock acted as her brain for the situation and she was horny. "Is my cock-slut ready for his favourite cock?" Hermione purred, letting her hands run up and down Ron's back, her cockhead bouncing playfully between his cheeks as it nestled itself in his crack. Chills ran down Draco's back as Hermione's dominant side came into full swing. Biting her lip, she waited for a response, her mind wanting Ron to ask for it, to want it. Glancing behind him, he saw the buxom form of Hermione leering over him, a part of him wanting to relish any contact he could get with such a luscious girl, but the other part still wanted to escape. However, he quickly realised just why he came here, just why he was bent over with his arse hanging out and with one of the biggest cocks he'd seen sliding between his cheeks. He came for the Ring and if this was what was necessary to get it, he'd have to do it. Merlin knows that not getting it is far worse. Gently nodding, he braced himself, readying his body for the oncoming, bulbous intruder. Smiling wildly, Hermione grabbed her cockhead and slowly worked it between Ron's rather plump arse cheeks, wriggling her tip into position against his tight, constricted arsehole. Dribbling a small amount of spit between his cheeks, she massaged it into his rosebud with her cockhead, before pressing her tip against his hole. Her sizable cockhead prodded and poked his hole, desperate for entrance as she tried to find that familiar angle. Finally feeling his hole give way slightly, she pushed forwards, his ring expanding to accommodate. Gently easing forwards, Hermione felt his arse hole slowly expand, giving her access. Draco's mouth fell immediately open as he felt her gently prodding his hole, but as she began to ease inside, her found himself screaming hollow and silent screams. His arsehole slowly gave way as her head nestled itself snugly inside him. The burning sensation around his ring was enough to make him want to yell, but he held his tongue as Hermione's hands gently massaged across his back, her cock settling nicely inside him. Biting her lip, she snaked her hands to his hips and took a firm grip, the dominant side taking over as she readied herself to spear Ron on her cock. With one quick, uninterrupted and painful movement, Hermione thrust forwards whilst pulling Ron's hips back to meet her crashing thrust. Quicker than he could realise, Draco felt all eleven inches of Hermione's shaft bury themselves deep within his arse. Hermione moaned loudly as her entire cock was enveloped in the delectable tight warmth of an arsehole again. Ron wasn't nearly as tight as Gabrielle, but he was still impossibly tight. Pressing her hips against his soft fleshy bum, her tuft of bushy pubic hair grinding against his ass, Hermione savoured the moment. Draco was silent, his mouth held open in shock, pain and miniscule amounts of pleasure. The sudden intrusion of all eleven inches left him numb as pain surged through his ass, only mitigated by the miniscule amount of pleasure that his prostate was so lovingly giving him. His fists clenched tightly around the bedsheets as he desperately tried to adjust the thick intruder buried deep inside him, his mind filled with thoughts about how he should have let Pansy introduce him to this before he found himself in such a situation. Before he could comprehend the pain, he felt Hermione begin to move, her soft and subtle shifts enough to make him wince in pain. Gently pulling herself back, Hermione threw caution to the wind and began to swiftly saw her hips in and out, working nearly the entire length of her cock in and out of her toy's arse with each long and powerful thrust. Draco began to let out a few weak grunts, trying his best not to give away his identity as he felt Hermione crash in and out of him. Hermione buried herself deeper and deeper with each wild and powerful thrust, her cock sliding in and out with relative ease, her mind swamped with the pleasurable sensations, Ron's arse was providing. Building up a momentum, she finally found a rhythm, with her moans and groans falling in line with Ron's soft and meagre grunts. Burying his face in the pillow, he tried to stave off his desire to fight back and simply try to get it over and done with. But as she found her rhythm and slowed down ever so slightly, Draco felt his cock begin to twitch with each thrust, his cock hardening instead of softening as Hermione ploughed him deeper and deeper. Blushing bright red at the idea, Draco glanced back, his cock twitching even more at the sight of Hermione's sweat glistened body pounding in and out of him, her breasts shimmering with perspiration as she savoured every sensation. As she sped up, the sound of her balls slapping loudly and rhythmically against Draco's filled the room, her wet saliva soaked ones creating delighful wet slaps. Her cock, still slick with saliva slid into his arse, her hips adding another series of slaps as they collided with his arse, her moans only accentuating the loud crashing thrusts. Draco tried his best not to grunt, but found himself gently grunting with each thrust Hermione made, the occasional unwitting moan escaping his lips as her cockhead ground deliciously against his prostate. Playing too her dominant side, Hermione raised her hands and sharply brought them down on Ron's arse, slapping his cheeks painfully and watching red handprints rise from his creamy white flesh. Yelping loudly, Draco slipped up with his normal voice bleeding through, yet to his luck, Hermione didn't notice and continued to pound into his hole, stretching him to new limits with each deep, orgasmic thrust. Periodically, in between a few powerful pumps, she would raise her hands and spank him against, his ass starting to run redder than his cheeks, each painful slap mellowing out each painful thrust and slowly turning Draco's constant grunts of pain, into soft, pleasurable moans of pleasure. Hermione's cock was twitching deep inside Ron as she continued to thrust, her speed and rhythm slowing down as she grew tired. Her balls were growing sensitive as she felt that familiar feeling growing within them. Moaning louder and louder, Hermione tried to keep her pace, feeling her orgasm near closer and closer, each thrust milking her and bringing her nearer and nearer to the edge. Biting her lip, she felt her cock begin to twitch and her orgasm inch as close as it was going to get without bursting into Ron. Holding her breath, she felt her cock spasm, a single strand of cum spurting deep within Ron's arse. Quickly pulling it out, Hermione jerked herself, milking her cock for all it was worth. Her cockhead twitched, strands of cum spurting out across Ron's arse, painting his cheeks with rope after rope of cum. Grunting as she jerked herself to completion, Hermione let her other hand latch onto her breast, her finger rubbing her sensitive nipples simply to add to the pleasure. Milking the last drop of cum from her cock, she slapped it playfully against his ass cheeks before sliding onto the bed and sitting propped up against the headboard. Draco's mind was clearer now as he lay there, his arse still aching, but the immediate pain gone. His cock twitched and begged for attention to finish him off, but he was hesitant to do so. Laying there for a moment, he felt the first moment of relief he'd felt since he walked into the Gryffindor Common Room and in retrospect, he wished he had sent Pansy disguised as the redhead Weasley Slut. Breathing heavily, he tried to move, but his ass ached a little too much, condemning him to a few more moments stuck with Granger. However, even after all that, he couldn't deny she looked good naked. Though he would never admit it too anyone and he was debating telling Pansy about any of this, knowing that her first port of call would be too suggest trying it out with a smaller cock. He didn't want to try it out again regardless of size. "That was divine…" Hermione breathed as she rolled onto her side on the bed, her hand running along Ron's arm playfully. Smiling, she felt her cock soften between her legs as she smiled up at Ron. His face was contorted as he breathed heavily. Draco tried to clear his mind as he leapt to his feet and quickly pulled his trousers up. His ass ached as he buttoned up his jeans. He didn't even bother to clear up the cum, wanting nothing more than to get out before Hermione suggested something like round two. "You didn't cum? I know you like rough, but I'll finish you off if you want?" Hermione smiled, the nice girl returning as she looked at Ron baffled. His cock was still hard, she could see that much. It was straining against the confines of his jeans as he shuffled over to the door. "It's fine…" Draco grumbled, trying to keep the act up a little longer as he reached for the door handle to unlock it. Wincing in pain, he moved to leave the room only to remember he still didn't find out about the ring. Intent on having that ordeal be worth it, he nervously turned back to Hermione, his cock twitching as he looked at her sprawled out in all her gorgeous nudity. Bluntly, he asked, not caring about the façade and simply wanting an answer, "Didn't you buy a ring at the world cup?" "Yeah… I bought it for Ginny, gave it to her this morning." Hermione said confusedly as she propped herself up on the bed, cocking her eyebrow as she looked at Ron suspiciously. "Cool…" Draco said simply, the anger boiling behind the redhead's face as he realised he had been bent over and fucked for no reason. He was no closer to the ring and had to acquire it from another girl. And a Weasley at that. The Ron trick certainly wouldn't work for her. Storming down the stairs, he felt the Polyjuice begin to wear of as he rounded the corner to leave the common room. As he stepped out into the castle, he felt his own features return to him, his own face grimacing once more as he reunited with Pansy. "Did you find the ring?" Pansy said hopefully, watching as Draco grabbed her arm and practically dragged her back along the corridor. Wanting to get as far away from the common room as possible, Draco kept a stern grimace. "The redhead slut has it…" Draco said, simply and sincerely, his ass aching with every movement he made. "How did it go with Hermione?" Pansy asked, unwittingly setting Draco's mind into a flurry. "Don't ask," He simply said, the limp he walked with becoming more prominent as Pansy slowly pieced together what happened. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Confused, Hermione brushed the thought from her mind. She had relieved herself and her head was a lot clearer now and Ron seemed to be enjoying the dominant side of her for the majority of it. Smiling, she quickly dressed herself, not wanting to suddenly be caught by Dean or Seamus. If they ever saw her naked, they would never live it down and that was a stress that Hermione could do without. Leaving the dorm, she made her way back to her own and sat back down at her desk. Picking up the notebook, she found Ron's page, wondering if the book lied or if it was true. Sighing, she flipped through to the next page where she saw another entry. A new entry. Confused, she picked the notebook up, reading the entry: Draco Malfoy Cock Size: Seven Inches Previous Lovers: Pansy Parkinson, Bellatrix Lestrange, Hermione Granger Kinks: Dominant and in favour of his partner's complete and utter submission. Enjoys spanking others, denial or orgasm, choking and prioritises his own pleasure over that of others. "Wait… what? No, this book can't… He didn't… That conniving bastard…" Hermione stammered, realising what the book was saying. Instinctively covering her intimate areas, she suddenly felt violated. Reading and rereading the page again, she realised that Draco must have used Polyjuice potion, meaning that Ron did in fact prefer a dominant woman, despite what just happened. Violated, Hermione was on the verge of tears until she realised what just happened. Cracking a smile, she bit her lip, realising what she had just done, "I fucked Draco Malfoy up the ass… I made him gag on my cock… I called Draco Malfoy my cock-slut and whore… Could be worse…" Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that. I'm not entirely certain about it as I would have liked it to be a proper Draco/Hermione chapter without the Polyjuice façade, but working a reasonable premise into the story this early on would have been hard. But Hermione will get her revenge for being tricked (although, Draco really got the worse end of the stick) and it will be long, hard and very, very painful. As always, let me know what you thought of it and any ideas/suggestions you would like to see. Always enjoy feedback and I listen to it more often than not. Also, having a hundred reviews were pretty sweet! The next chapter is going to be a lot of fun and features the pairing that I've wanted to return to for a while. (And one of the most requested return pairings!) They've both had forays with other people, but now they are back for a romantic sexy scene. It's going to be a good one! I'm planning to put a lot of time into the next chapter so it might take a while. But it'll be a long one. Probably over ten thousand words, just because I have so many ideas for it! Till next time!
Author's Note: Here it is! The chapter that a lot of people have been asking for and the one I've wanted to write for a fairly long while. The return of Ginny and Harry as a pairing. And I am super excited to actually write it. They are by far one of my favourite pairings and I know some people want to see Ginny give it to Harry. Today's the day! I plan to make this chapter quite long and by quite long, I mean between 10,000 and 15,000 words. That should account for the period of time you've had to wait for it, but I want it to be sensational. I'm also gonna use this to build the relationship between Harry and Ginny, but I'll stop talking and get on with it. (I apologise for the incredible lateness at which this has come. Hope to keep things a little more regular, but please do enjoy nonetheless. Reviews are very much appreciated. I mean that. I kept coming back to this story only because some of the reviews really spurred me on. So, if you care for the story, even a few words are appreciated and will keep the story alive! A PM never goes amiss either) Without further ado, Chapter 9: The Champion and the Redhead. Enjoy! Chapter 9: The Champion and the Redhead The halls of Hogwarts were near empty, with nearly everyone retreating to their dormitories after the controversial and unbelievable results of the Champion selection. One of the few people still roaming the halls was Harry, his thoughts clouded and walking with a general state of being shell-shocked. He still felt the eyes of everyone in that hall glaring into the back of his head. Turning the corner, he arrived back at the common room, uncertain as to whether or not he could stomach facing everyone just yet. Pushing onwards, he made his way inside, the portrait of the Fat Lady swinging shut behind him and the fervent chatter of the common room turning to impossible silence as every face turned to glare at him. The general air of disgust, disbelief and disdain seeped into his thoughts as he scanned for Hermione and Ron only to find both of them nowhere to be seen. Ginny was the only one with a semblance of sympathy on her face, but even then, she was hesitant to go to his side. Sighing, a twinge of anger on his breath, Harry turned to the staircase and walked straight to the dorm room, listening as the idle chatter burst back into life below him, his name uttered a hundred times in a single second as every conversation resumed, the obvious subject of discussion being the boy who lived himself. Angered, Harry stormed into his dorm room, only to find Ron and to be introduced to a whole new level of being a dick. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Sleep was taking a lifetime to hit Harry as he lay gazing at the ceiling, the words Ron had snapped at him ringing in his head. The rest of the dorm had drifted of an hour or two ago, alongside the rest of the castle as midnight lingered over the stone towers. Sighing, Harry rolled over, trying to contemplate Ron's way of thinking, trying to figure out what the redhead didn't understand. A wave of anger grew in the pit of his stomach as he contemplated smacking the ginger boy in his seat. Grumbling, Harry rolled out of bed, glancing over at Ron. How Ron could think this was Harry's fault was beyond him and the air of arrogance on Ron's part was still prevalent. He was just being a bit of dick. Tired of just lying there, Harry decided a change of scenery may do him well and made his way down to the common room. Walking along the small balcony, he spied another person sitting in the common room. Groaning to himself, secretly wanting a little privacy, he got a closer look. It was Ginny, sat curled up on the sofa, watching the flames flicker and dance in the darkness. Smiling, Harry found himself caught up for a moment, just looking at her, the twang of romance stringing them together. Harry was still unsure of their scenario despite Ginny having laid it out plain and simple on the train here. As long as they were lurking and cavorting in the shadows without anyone knowing, it didn't feel real. Like Ginny would wake up one day and just say that they were never a thing. And Harry would have no one to back him up. "Can't sleep?" Harry asked as he turned down the stairs and walked into the common room, pausing as Ginny looked up from her arms and smiled. "Yeah, same with you?" Ginny asked, smiling as she pushed herself up into a sitting position, her eyes dancing in the fire as she brightened up a little. "Yeah. Why can't you sleep?" he asked, sliding into the arm chair next to the sofa, the idea of sitting next to Ginny on the sofa eluding him. His eyes were drawn to the fire for a moment before he looked back at Ginny, a smile creeping across his face as he looked at her. Ginny opened her mouth, planning to respond, only to hesitate for a moment. The words hung on her tongue, but never actually found their place, leaving her mute for a moment. Sighing, she turned to Harry and spoke bluntly and purely. "It's the tournament. I'm worried," Ginny explained, blushing as she admitted herself. Turning her body to face Harry's, she placed her hand on his leg, leaning across the small gap between them, wishing that he had sat next to her. She needed that proximity and warmth. "Worried about what?" Harry said stupidly, the hand on his thigh causing him to go blank for a moment, his mind still not used to the intimacy that he had accumulated with the youngest Weasley. "You, you idiot. I'm worried you'll get hurt," Ginny smiled seriously, playfully slapping his leg as she lifted hers onto the sofa and wrapped her arms around them. Curling into a ball, she worried about Harry, how dangerous these challenges were. Hermione had regaled her with past examples of the tournament and more worryingly the multitude of deaths and it hadn't really helped her nerves. True, Hermione did so prior to Harry being selected, but it still wasn't helpful in the long run. "Really?" Harry said confusedly as she expressed her concern. Still confused as to why she was worried, Harry realised what he should do. Sliding into the seat next to her on the sofa, he moved to comfort her, wrapping his arm around her back and gently hugging her, rubbing his hand along her shoulder, "Well, I'll be alright. I always get through these things. Besides, the challenges can't be as dangerous as they all say, can they?" "I hope so," Ginny smiled, nestling her head in the crook of Harry's neck, snuggling closer to him as she felt her heart flutter for a moment. It was nice. Simply put. Ginny enjoyed the moment, a moment that seemed genuine despite all the other stuff in their lives. "Anyway, it's probably enough to keep you up at night. Worrying about it all." "Yeah, that and Ron being a git…" Harry sighed, rubbing Ginny's back gently as he cast a thought to her older brother, his eyes drifting to the balcony and towards their dorm. Ginny knew exactly what he was talking about. Ron had spent a good ten minutes complaining about Harry before Harry returned to the common room and his complaints were well known to everyone within earshot. "Well that's to be expected. He'll get over it. Although, maybe we wait a while longer to tell him about us? I'd rather my boyfriend had a head." Ginny smiled, a gleam in her eye as she saw Harry chuckle for the first time since he walked down into the common room. "Yeah…" Harry chuckled, looking into the fire as he thought about Ginny's use of the word boyfriend and how it felt a little out of place. They were too hidden to be a couple and very rarely had time together. And now with Ron being a little ridiculous, it would be a while longer. "Well, I know what will take your mind off things," Ginny said, pulling her head away from Harry's shoulders and looking into his eyes. Confused, Harry was taken aback as she reached forwards and planted her lips firmly, yet softly on his, pulling him closer to her. Snaking her arms around his neck, she pushed her tongue inside his mouth, letting it dance around his battling each other in a playful way. Sinking into the passionate kiss, Harry let his hands slide down to her lower back, his confidence bolstered as they melted into each-other's lips, their eyes closed as they pressed their bodies against one another. Straddling Harry, the paired moaned, their cocks hardening rapidly as they pressed against each other. Through the thin fabric of their pyjamas, both could feel every ridged inch of the other pressing against their own shaft, begging for release as their tips prodded each other. Gently grinding her arse against his cock, Ginny moaned, throwing her hair back as she imagined what they were about to do. Pushing her lips back against Harry's, she let he hands drop down to his pyjama top as she gently began to unbutton the top. Continuing their tongue battle, Harry slipped his hands down to cup Ginny's ass, throwing caution to the wind as he hooked his thumbs inside the band of bottoms and gently grazed her soft cheeks. Throwing open Harry's top, Ginny let her hands roam across his chest, tracing his Quidditch chiselled form. Harry's hands dipped into Ginny's pyjama bottoms and grasped her bare cheeks, the soft sensation of her plump behind and smooth, flawless skin adding another inch to his rapidly hardening cock. Ginny's hands slipped beneath his pyjama top slowly lifting the garment up and over his head freeing his chiselled chest. Planting a kiss on his chest, she gently snaked her way lower and lower until she was parallel with his nipples. Moving to the left she captured his nipple in between her lips, her tongue circling the sensitive nub, gently playing with it as her hand rubbed and caressed the other one. She felt it harden in her mouth as she flicked and toy with the sensitive flesh. Removing her lips, she crossed to the other one, her hand latching on the saliva coated one, gently rubbing it before taking it in between her fingers. Playfully twisting, she caused Harry to push his chest forward in a brief moment of pain before slipping back into soft moans of pleasure. Dropping lower, she slid onto her knees in between Harry's legs, her hands running up and down them as she saw his pyjama bottoms tightening exponentially. Her hands grazed along his shaft, gently squeezing him through the fabric, eliciting soft moans as Harry begged for more. Slipping her fingers into his bottoms, she pulled them down his legs, his thick cock bouncing free and almost smacking her in the face. Giggling, she tossed the garment aside leaving Harry sitting naked on the sofa, his cock pulsing as it begged for a attention, "I've missed you," Ginny purred as Harry's cock bounced against his stomach, throbbing in arousal. Snaking her hand around the base of his shaft, she bit her lip remembering the fond and pleasurable sensations that she associated with the thick shaft. Gently stroking up and down, she let her mouth drop open slightly, her tongue lapping swiftly across his head as she drew his foreskin back before quickly slipping back inside her mouth. Savouring the taste of his pre-cum, she leant forward, Harry able to feel her hot breath on his shaft. She had really missed this. Luna was good and in their one brief encounter Ginny was able to work out her frustrations as well as test the ring out. But she missed the sensual nature of when she was with Harry. It was slower and that little bit more passionate. And she could savour every inch before they descended into the animalistic rutting sex that they both revelled in at the World Cup. Before Ginny could wrap her luscious lips around his cock, Harry grew bold and reached forwards, hooking his hands under the thin fabric of her top. Lifting her pyjama top up and over her head, he freed her soft, supple breasts, each handful bouncing as they settled in the cool air of the common room. Admiring the pair, Harry gently grasped her breasts, softly squeezing them before taking the nipple in between his fingers, rolling it back and forth as he imagined her cock sliding between her pillowy mounds. Smiling as he leant back, his eyes caught hers and they shared a brief stare before Ginny's lips opened and she leant down to his cock. In an instant, Harry felt his shaft sink deep into her throat, her lips sliding swiftly down his cock, her long grazing lovingly along every sumptuous ridge of his dick. Gasping at the deliciously warm pleasure surrounding his cock, Harry clenched his fists, letting his eyes roll back as she worked inch after inch into her unbelievably tight and clutching throat. Her lips slipped down until only two inches were left untouched, an improvement on her previous attempt. Conceding on only being able to throat that amount of his cock, Ginny began to lustily drag her lips back along his shaft, her eyes locked on Harry's, her passionate gaze sending shivers through his spine. Her hands ran across his legs before dipping down to his balls, gently massaging them as her tongue danced around his cock. The movement of her tongue was limited as his cock filled a large portion of her mouth, however every time her lips passed over his plump and now glossy head, she let her tongue wild, letting it slip back and forth across the most sensitive portion of his cock, his mouth parted ever so slightly with soft, pleasured moans. Grunting as she suckled on his cock, Harry found his eyes drifting down to her breasts which seemed to sway hypnotically with every deep clutching plunge of her deliciously plump lips. Hollowing her lips as she rolled her lips downwards, Ginny pushed herself one last time, forcing yet another inch into her greedy throat, leaving a single inch untouched by her gloriously soft lips. That last illusive inch wasn't going to slip inside as her throat convulsed and spasmed, making her uncomfortable, but giving Harry more delicious pleasure. Harry's eyes were still fixated on his girlfriend's breasts, her nipples now hardened and even more alluring in their plump brilliance. Reaching a hand down, her gently grasped the left one, squeezing it playfully before running his fingers across her nipples, flicking them softly and attracted Ginny's attention. Smirking with her mouth still full of cock, she pushed him back against the sofa. Reclining, Harry watched curiously as she shifted her position to one more upright, that playful cock filled smile still toying with him. With her back straight, she pushed her chest forward and pulled her lips upwards until only his head was inside her mouth. The shaft of his cock bounced against the soft flesh of her breasts. Harry's eyes widened as he realised what she was about to do. Before he could even smile, his cock was sandwiched in between her pillowy tits, her nipples pushed inwards as she used her hands to tighten her breasts around his thick pulsing cock. She could feel every ridge and throbbing movement of his shaft. Their eyes locked for a moment as Ginny pooled a small amount of saliva in her mouth before dribbling the mouthful down the side of his shaft, smearing the lubricant across his cock and her shaft leaving them with a shimmering gloss. Breathing sharply inwards, Harry watched as her hands gathered her sumptuous tits in her hands and moved them up and down Harry's cock, his tip still snugly pushed past her lips as her tongue danced wonders across the sensitive flesh. Groaning loudly as she started to jerk his cock of with her soft breasts, Harry reclined simply watching in awe as the girl pleasured him. The beautiful sight was enough to make him smile, although that smile swiftly fled as he moaned loudly. She built a swift and pleasurable rhythm, her breasts swiftening as she dribbled more saliva down to lubricate them. Her cleavage was slick and warm, her tits even soft and succulent than the tight grasp of her lips. However, Ginny was quick to add to all the sumptuous pleasure coursing through Harry's body. Sinking a little lower, Ginny angled her neck and began to pass her lips along the top three inches of Harry's cock, her breasts moving up and down the remaining portions. Taken aback, Harry's breath missed a beat as he was swamped with pleasure. Trying his best to hold out as long as he could, he let his hand rest on Ginny's head guiding her up and down his shaft. She shot him a look of disdain as he started to use her mouth as a hole to fuck, but she eventually let it slip working on her movement and relishing each delicious moan he gave her. Moaning softly around his cock, Ginny suddenly gasped around his shaft. Her nipples ground against his cock for a second sending a burst of pleasure through her body. Trying to get the angle to rub her nipples up and down his shaft, she inadvertently tightened the sandwich of her tits around Harry's cock silencing his moans as he tried desperately not to spurt across her chest. Realising she would soon have her own pleasure, Ginny decided to bring Harry to the very edge before leaving him. She would finish him of later, but if she had her way there wouldn't be any need for him to be hard anyway. Letting her tits drop to the side, Harry groaned as she stopped her boob job, but wasn't disappointed for too long. Sliding her lips down Harry's cock, she managed to throat all but one inch. Throating his cock for a few seconds, she swiftly returned her tits to his shaft, forcing him to arch his back as he came nearer to orgasm. The arch of his back thrust his cock deeper into her throat, causing to her to gag slightly before pulling her tits away again. Deepthroating his shaft one last time, she pulled her lips of entirely, a string of saliva still connecting his cock and her shaft as she gently stroked him a couple of times. "So… what did you and Luna get up to?" Ginny asked abruptly, taking Harry as surprise. Although his surprise was pushed to one side as she reclined on the other side of the sofa, her hand dipping into her own pyjama bottoms and pulling her cock free. Harry's eyes naturally widened as it flopped against her stomach, the size still enough to keep him speechless. Deciding to pull the bottoms of entirely, she tossed them to one side and dribbled a mouthful of saliva into her hand, gently beginning to jerk herself off. The erotic scene of his girlfriend reclined and pleasuring herself was enough to draw his own hand to his own shaft, the room filling with the rhythmic sounds of both of their jerking. "You want to know?" Harry smiled, watching his girlfriend jerk herself off, her eyes rolling back as she began to pleasure herself. Her sudden mention of Luna simply brought the fact that both the girls had had sex with each other into Harry's head, his cock twitching at the thought. His hand sped up as he imagined all the perverse and delightful positions the two girls would get into, grinding and thrusting into each other, they sweaty bodies pressed against each other in orgasmic wonder. A sight that he hoped he would see one day instead of imagining it. "Just curious how far you let her go," Ginny smirked, biting her lip as she remembered the day back on the train. She had tried to watch them through the window, but with people bustling up and down the train, she didn't get a clear angle to watch the two play with each other. "We didn't go… you know… all the way, if that's what you're saying," Harry said, thinking that Ginny was worried she wouldn't be his first. Well, first up there at least… "I just want to know about all the naughty things you did with her," Ginny moaned, her eyes closed as she relaxed. Whilst there was a part of her that worried they did go all the way, Ginny still had that perverse want to explore and experiment. And whilst Harry was ostensibly her boyfriend, she was still open to… having fun. As long as they were both on the same page. Opening her eyes, she saw Harry glancing towards the balcony, worried that someone would see them, "Don't worry, we'll hear someone coming long before they see us." "Well… She started by sucking me. She was rather good and took my entire length in one go," Harry described, a little nervous as to why he was, but aroused nonetheless as he recounted a fond memory, his hand lazily jerking back and forth. He watched Ginny arch her back in pleasure as she sank deeper into his words, gently thrusting her hips into her hand instead of drawing her hand across her shaft. Continuing on, Harry became lost in Ginny's movements, "But she slipped her own fingers inside her ass, fingering herself while she did so." Ginny bit her lip as she imagined the sumptuous positions the two of them got into. She had found herself imagining this earlier that day in classes, pitching a rather large tent for herself which she had to disguise throughout the day with a tactically placed book. But as Harry continued, she found herself imagining all three of them together. She would be bent over with Luna's cock sawing in and out of her mouth and Harry's pounding her from behind. Then Luna would be in between Harry and her, their movements mirrored as they kissed each other. And then Harry would be in between, her cock plunging deeper in and out of his arse. She pictured Harry on his knees sucking both their cocks, his lips passing from one to the other with lust. Ginny would then be on her back with Harry sitting on her face, her tongue exploring his arse just as Luna did. Luna would be perched on top of her cock, slamming her arse down of her pleasure ridden cock. And then… Luna would lay down and Harry would mount her, burying her cock up to the hilt in her boyfriend. Harry would spread his legs and Ginny would join Luna, her cock pressing inside Harry, sliding in alongside her best friend as the pair of them shared his tight clutching arse. The three of them would moan together, Harry and Ginny kissing as she and Luna both came deep inside him, filling him with their cocks and cum. Having zoned out for a moment, she opened her eyes, Harry not clueing into her self-absorbed fantasy. "Then, she pushed my legs up and put her tongue… in my ass…" Harry moaned, his own eyes rolling closed as he remembered the gorgeous sight of the ditzy blonde lapping at his tight asshole, her eyes gazing up from between his legs. Biting his own lip, he almost forgot that Ginny was there as his hand sped up along his cock, "And instead of her cock… she put her fingers up there. Oh… it felt good…" "Wanna try it out?" Ginny asked, pulling Harry's haze back over to her. Lifting her legs, she presented her tight asshole, slightly agape, to Harry. The puckered hole winked at him as she cupped her ass cheeks and steadying her position as she smiled devilishly at him. "What?" Harry asked, confused as to exactly what she wanted him to do. Sure, he had options, but she had a specific act in mind. "Licking someone's arse? With a tongue like yours, I'd bet you'd be rather good at it," Ginny smiled, letting go of her cheeks and letting her legs hang in the air without support. Her hand went back to her cock and began to stroke herself, sliding up and down with ease as she watched Harry smile. "Okay, but… only if you return the favour?" Harry bargained, kneeling next to Ginny, his cock grinding against her cheeks as he rested his hands against the back of her thighs. Ginny nodded in response, giggling slightly. Ginny gasped loudly, feeling her body get pressed into the sofa as Harry pushed her legs backwards. Resting on her shoulders, she watched Harry drop his head towards her hole, his tongue dipping out from between his lips as he neared her flexing and twitching hole. Face to face with Ginny's delectable hole, Harry swiftly moved forwards and pressed his lips softly against her arse, eliciting a moan of surprise and deep pleasure from Ginny. Her asshole was rarely touched by a mouth as she and Luna never really found themselves wanting it immensely. They preferred to use their cocks to pleasure one another, but now that Harry's tongue was gently gliding around her asshole, she thought she may have to change that stance. Keeping her legs up in the air, she made she that Harry could access her with ease. His tongue began to trace around her hole, dancing back and forth as he tried to pleasure her without much knowledge in how to do so. Letting his tongue wander, he had one hand pushing her thighs back as the other dipped down between his own legs, jerking his sensitive cock steadily. Darting back and forth across her hole, he managed to build up a rhythm, one that had him spurred on by lusty and pleasurable moans from Ginny. Taking it as a sign of assurance, he let his tongue wild and watched as she began to writhe. It didn't taste nearly as bad as he thought It would and simply tasted on nothing. That and the ever-building intimacy between the two led him to rest his tongue in the middle of her arsehole. Pushing swiftly forwards, he plunged his tongue deep inside her asshole, causing her moan deeply, her eyes rolling back and her mouth falling open. One of her hands found his head and began to push him deeper, his tongue slipping further and further in sending more and more pleasure through her sweat glistened body. Exploring the inside of her hole, Harry let his tongue run amok, finding the most pleasurable spots inside his girlfriend. Ginny was quick to guide him, her hand tugging his head in different directions as she guided him to her spots. Ginny still couldn't believe Harry had his tongue lodged deep inside her. A cock would have always been better, but there was something so deliciously perverse and pleasurable about the intimacy of a tongue. She was quickly learning just how pleasurable it could be. Ginny lowered her hand to stroke her cock only to have it batted away by Harry. Hooking his arm beneath her thigh, he pushed her back, his hand taking control and wrapping around her bulbous cock. Jerking her shaft, he looked into her eyes almost as if to smile as his tongue probed deeper inside her. Her breath caught in her throat as she both gasped and moaned at the same time. Her body was writhing with pleasure as Harry toyed with her sensitive areas, making her squirm beneath him as he enjoyed every groan from between her lips. Harry's other hand left his own cock and came up to her cheeks, massaging them softly before dipping down to join his tongue. His hand steadily stroked her cock, building up speed as his other hand pressed itself against her asshole, his fingers toying with her hole. Ginny's eyes widened as her hands playfully pushed against Harry's head as if the pleasure was too much. But before she could object, Harry sank two fingers deep into her bum, her mouth falling open with no sound to be heard. His fingers began to saw in and out of her hole, his tongue still rapidly moving back and forth inside her butt. Smirking, Harry watched as she arched her back, her hips thrusting into his hand as she tried to speed his jerking along. Accommodating her, he began to speedily slide his hand up and down her shaft, whilst simultaneously speeding his fingers along. Just as she was beginning to adjust, he slipped a third finger inside, her body readying to burst. However, she had other ideas, her mind lusting for other pleasures. And with great reluctance, she pushed Harry's head and hands away, trying to cool down herself. "Oh wow…" Ginny breathed wildly, letting her legs fall forwards as Harry pulled away. She hadn't cum, but with what she planned, she certainly didn't want the fun to end so soon. Taking a moment, she lay there, her breasts rising with each breath as Harry reclined at the other end, a smug smile on his face as he admired the state she was in knowing that only his tongue was responsible. Through her heavy breathing, she said, "That was intense…" "Yeah… well your turn," Harry said, leaning back and resting his head against the arm of the sofa, lifting his legs slightly only to see Ginny twiddling her thumbs. "Well I was thinking…" Ginny began somewhat nervously as she knelt in between Harry's legs, looking down at him. Sitting bolt upright, Harry was worried she was pulling out. "You're not backing out now? After I did that?" Harry said, his cock bouncing and grinding against hers as Ginny looked nervously into his eyes. "No, no, no! I was just thinking, that I'd like to claim the first of my three turns," She smiled taking Harry's hands in her own and gently rubbing them as she smiled innocently at him, only receiving a blank look of confusion in return. "Three turns? Of what?" Harry asked, completely forgetting about the agreement he had made when they last had sex causing Ginny to chuckle. "Of me on top. You know. Fucking you," Ginny smiled, watching as Harry blushed at the mere mention of the idea. Ginny had admittedly been thinking about the idea for a while and had wanted to feel that feeling of her cock deep inside someone for a long time. Luna was always hesitant, but Harry was a little more open and she thought now was as good a time as any to sink her shaft inside her newfound boyfriend. "Really? Now? I thought you were trying to take my mind of things," Harry argued, a little hesitant to suddenly leap into such a new foray. His ass clenched in response to the thought, his mind convincing him that it would be an alright idea based simple on the sensation that Luna's fingers had inside him. The feeling of the blonde's wriggling digits inside him was enough to make him want to try more, however the sudden suggestion still took him off guard with him still not entirely ready for it. "I am! And it really will, trust me." Ginny promised, one of her hands pulling away from Harry's and wrapping around his cock, jerking him slowly. "I'm not sure. I just, don't feel comfortable doing it for the first time on a sofa. I kind of hoped a bed would be a part of the picture." Harry mumbled nervously, hoping that he'd be able to worm his way out of it. Inadvertently looking around the room, he worried if anyone would see them if he did just clamber on top of her cock. "I have just the place!" Ginny said, her eyes lighting up as she leapt to her feet. Groaning as her hand left his cock, Harry watched her stride over to the portrait, her arse bouncing delectably in the moonlight, her cock flopping down between her thighs. "Really? Naked?" Harry said, unsure about wandering the corridors of the castle whilst completely naked, "At least let me get the cloak?" "Where's the fun in that? Come on, no one is awake," Ginny offers her hand, a shrewd smile on her lips as Harry breathed in deeply and took it. Together, they moved to the portrait and out into the moonlit castle. Just as the pair dipped beyond the portrait of the fat lady, someone else emerged from the shadows, their hand lazily sliding back and forth across her cock. Striding down to the sofa upon which Harry and Ginny were pleasuring each other, the mystery person slid down into the cushions, her hand beginning to speed up as she spread her legs and slid her hand down in-between her cheeks, toying with her tight back door. Finding her entrance, she breathed deeply before pushing a finger deep inside herself, the familiar voice of Katie Bell moaning, "Fuck me Harry…" Harry and Ginny snuck quietly through the castle for all of a few minutes, before throwing caution to the wind and running carelessly with the cold stone tiles of the castle floor beneath their feet. Hand in hand they made their way through the winding corridors, only stopping as they ducked behind a tapestry to hide from a prefect, giggling so loud they almost gave their position away. It was as Ginny had said. Any thought or worry of the Triwizard Tournament bled away and Harry was left for a brief moment of respite. That and a gorgeous view. Swept up in the heat of the moment, Ginny took to running ahead of Harry, giving him time to appreciate each bountiful asset she had. Her body swayed and bounced with each stride, her breasts and bum perfectly plump and her cock bouncing softly along the side of her leg. For a moment, Harry forgot that she intended to push that sizable shaft inside him and for a moment, he didn't even care if she did. He had a perverse intrigue at the prospect, one he dared not make common knowledge between the pair. Rounding a corner, Ginny seized Harry's hand and gently guided him into the secret corridor in which she and Luna had had their fun. Confused, Harry stumbled into the corridor, his mind trying to wrap itself around its existence. It didn't look in anyway familiar and to his knowledge wasn't even featured on the Marauder's Map. Slowly letting go of Ginny's hand, he walked casually down the corridor, noticing the multiple bedrooms on either side and the large iron door ahead of him. "What is this place?" Harry asked, wandering down the corridor towards the heavy iron door. Walking past the set of iron bars (adequately spaced so that he could squeeze through) that sat a few metres back from the door, Harry admired the hefty iron slab. It had a series of five symbols emblazoned on the door: a ring, a book, two circles connected by a chain, a necklace and a small triangle. Intrigued, Harry took a step forwards, his eyes drawn downwards to large set of stone slabs that tiled the antechamber. There were four distinct lines of slabs, each one bearing a different house colour. As he stepped forward, the cold stone pressing against his skin, he saw the red portion fold away, a large phallic object rising from the hole. The dildo was easily fifteen inches long, but bearably thin. Only as wide as two inches, it didn't look unusually girthy. The toy hung In the air, an apparent purple glow surrounding it as it hovered, turning, searching. Until it found Harry. The toy lurched for him, racing towards him as he stumbled back. Panicking, Harry pressed himself against the bars, forgetting that he could slip through. There wasn't much room between him and the toy when Ginny grabbed his shoulder and wrenched him through the bars. "Harry!" Ginny cried as the pair fell against the stone. Hard. Laughing through the pain, Harry landed on top of Ginny, their bodies pressed firmly and snugly together, their cocks leaking pre-cum onto the other's stomach. The phallic toy dipped back into the floor with the tiles sliding back into place. The pair's eyes caught each other's as they smiled. Everything else seemed to bleed away at the revelled in the moment, neither of them even provoked to address the large toy that had floated from the floor. Bursting into laughter, the pair pulled each other up onto their feet, sighing as they steadied themselves. Leaping at one another, their lips crashed passionately together, their tongues lurching to explore each other's mouths as their hands roamed the other's body, grabbing and playing with each other's flesh. Harry's hand found her ass, taking her cheek in his grasp, whereas Ginny's found Harry's cock. Gently squeezing it, Harry drew a shark breath, pulling back from the kiss only to an all too familiar devilish smile on the redhead's face. "Shall we take this somewhere more comfortable?" Ginny suggested, flicking her hair out of her eyes and striding slowly back along the corridor, her cock bouncing seductively along with her. Offering Harry her hand, she led him to the room in which she and Luna had their previous escapades. Snaking her hands around Harry's neck, she pulled their bodies together, their sensitive areas grinding up against each other as they captured each other's mouths in delicious passion. "So, how do we do this then?" Harry asked nervously, feeling himself clench as he felt her shaft grind against his. Glancing towards the bed, he almost gulped before Ginny managed to comfort him. "I'll fulfil my end of the bargain first and tend to you. Then, we'll take it from there?" Ginny suggested, her hands admiring his surprisingly chiselled body before snaking down wards and wrapping around his cock. Gently jerking his cock, she got a nod of agreement before she smiled, "Bend over?" Smirking, Harry slowly complied. Walking around to the side of the bed, he knelt down over the edge of the bedspread, presenting his ass for Ginny to inspect. Ginny had to stifle a smile as she finally had Harry in the position she had always wanted him. Bent over and at her mercy. She had to stop herself from simply thrusting her dick deep inside him. Walking over to him, she let her hands wander over his soft behind, gently playing with his toned buttocks, her hands snaked down to his crack and gently spreading his cheeks, revealing the all-important hole of her desire. Her cock twitched at the sight as she forced herself to wait. Instead, she dropped down on her knees behind him, her mouth inching closer and closer to his arsehole. Opening her mouth, she ran her tongue from the base of Harry's cock, along his balls and up to his winking arsehole, leaving a trail of shimmering saliva. Rather hurriedly, she pressed the tip of her tongue against Harry's asshole, a pushed it deep inside him. It wasn't that Ginny didn't want to lick him like this, it was just that she wanted to move onto the next activity. She let her tongue dance around inside him, whilst her hand jerked his cock, milking him as he knelt there helpless. She had fantasised about burying her cock in Harry's ass since she saw him. She was a perverted young girl to say the least. She had heard stories from her brothers and they shaped her fantasies. Plunging her cock in and out of Harry was a dream and she wanted to move swiftly onto doing so. Her tongue lapped at his hole, making sure to lubricate him sufficiently. Her other hand dipped to her own cock, making sure she was nice and hard for him. Rubbing the head of her cock, she made sure it was glossy with pre-cum, ready for her fantasy to come to life. She continued to lick him dutifully, not wanting him to feel unsatisfied with her work and deny her the chance to plough him. Pulling her tongue out of him, she traced around his hole, her tongue exploring. It was rare she licked asses like this. Luna had a taste for it, but Ginny never saw the appeal. But then again, she never really had the chance to properly experiment. Using her tongue to spread his hole a little wider, she began to pull her tongue in and out, extending it back and forth as if she were fucking him. Moaning loudly, Harry pushed himself unwittingly backwards, trying to force her tongue deeper inside him. Deciding that he was eager enough, Ginny pulled her tongue out of his bum, a led it back down to his cock. Pulling his cock uncomfortably backwards, she wrapped her lips around his head and playfully batted her tongue back and forth. Drifting back down to his balls, she made sure each one shone with saliva before letting his manhood swing back into place. "Right…" Ginny smirked, raising her hand and sharply spanking Harry's lithe arse. Watching a red hand print form across his skin, she smiled. Harry gasped slightly before watching the thin and sexy form of his girlfriend strut around to the head of the bed. Flopping onto her back, she spat into her hand and lubed her shaft up. Reclining against the headboard, she jerked her cock slowly, waiting for Harry, "You being on top is the best position. You get to control everything." "If you say so. Never thought I'd find myself like this, but here we go." Harry smiled politely, his stomach turning as he crawled up to meet Ginny. Straddling her hips, he felt her cock prod against his own. Reaching down beneath him, he adjusted her shaft so that it smacked against his ass cheeks and settled against his hole, prodding gently as he readied himself to slide down it. "Take your time and go as slow or as fast as you want," Ginny said kindly, watching him nod in response. Gently rubbing his arm, she piped up loudly to draw his attention, "And Harry! We can stop anytime you want." Nodding stoically, Harry tightened his grasp on Ginny's cock eliciting a soft moan from her and bringing a small smile to his lips. Holding her steady, Harry began to press her against his entrance, all the while easing backwards onto her cock, a grimace forming on his face as his hole reluctantly strained against it. His body fought the intrusion as he tried to get the angle on himself clumsily. Ginny's hands ran across his chest trying to relax him whilst she held back moans of pleasure as he rubbed her cockhead back and forth across his constricted ass. Suddenly, he felt himself give way, her head spreading his hole ever so slightly. Her cock found itself place, nestling in his rosebud as his muscles began to relax and his hole gave way. Breathing deeply, his eyes flew open as he felt his hole expand and her entire cockhead push inside him. His asshole flexed and tightened around her shaft as he she settled inside him. His mind was exploding as he tried to contain himself. With sharp breaths, he adjusted, a faint air of pleasure behind the pain. Slowly, he began to ease downwards confident that her cock wouldn't slip out of him. Harry rested his hands-on Ginny's breasts, his thumbs inadvertently running circles around her nipples. Ginny had to force herself not to moan, her mind more concerned with Harry being okay. But as another inch of her cock slipped inside his virgin ass, she found her moans forcing their way to the surface. Biting her lip, she watched as Harry's face became vacant, his teeth gritted in discomfort. Harry grunted as he felt the third inch slide inside him, Ginny's cock growing wider as he slid down it. His own shaft had softened as soon as the head had pushed past his ring and now hung limp between his legs as he grew accustomed to the sizable shaft. Bobbing up and down, Harry began to slide those first three inches in and out of him, grunting with each shifting movement. Hovering above Ginny, he winced as she stretched his hole painfully. Easing himself into it, Harry managed a fourth inch. And then a fifth. A sizable amount of Ginny's cock was plunged deep inside him. Ginny could no longer hold it in and breathed a soft pleasurable moan, her hands running down to Harry's ass, coaxing him into taking more and more of her inside him. The tight warmth of his ass was something to behold. She was used to Luna who was rather loose as they came. After a year of the pair fucking, Luna had grown accustomed to Ginny's cock. That and Luna's proclivity for experimenting on her own. Harry's tightness was a welcome surprise and one she was revelling in. Breathing deeply, Harry conceded and decided to go all out. With a fair bit of her cock left out, he began to bounce up and down on the five inches she had lodged himself, working a slow and clunky rhythm. With one push, he slid himself down, forcing the last portion of her shaft inside himself. Harry's cock bounced against Ginny's stomach as she sheathed her entirety inside him. Moaning loudly, Ginny's eyes rolled back into her head, the tightness surrounding her cock almost unbearably pleasurable. However, her state of pleasure was swiftly broken. "Ah!" Harry squealed, his arse aching as she slipped deeper inside, probing the deepest parts of his hole. Falling forwards, Harry buried his head in the crook of her neck, feeling her breasts against his chest. Comforting him, she gently rubbed his arse before pushing him upwards and looking into his eyes. "We can stop if you want Harry?" Ginny smiled kindly, her body swimming in delicious levels of pleasure as Harry's virgin arse spasmed and clenched around her bulbous and sensitive shaft. Whilst she wanted to soak up every morsel of pleasure, she wanted him to happy with it all. "No, it's alright…" Harry said, lifting himself up and breathing heavily, smiling as she ground her cock against his prostate, bringing a grunt of pleasure to his lips. Harry adjusted himself, pressing his lips against hers passionately. The intimate kiss pushed him onwards as he sat slowly back upright, feeling her cock shift inside him as he straightened himself out. It was a strange feeling, to be full of cock. In his hurry to slide her shaft inside him, his mind had glossed over the spike of pleasure that was her cock grinding against his prostate. He could feel it pressing against that sensitive portion of his arse, but that didn't outweigh the stretching his hole was going through. The painful stretching. Breathing heavily, he returned his hands to Ginny's chest, Ginny stifling a chuckle as he used her tits to comfort himself. Resting her hands on his hips, she gently began to guide him as he lifted himself up. Slowly lifting his hips, Harry's mouth fell open as he felt every ridge and vein of Ginny's cock pull slowly out of his ass. Ginny helped slightly by sinking herself down onto the bed. Biting his lip as she pulled gently out of him, he gasped loudly as she began to ease back in. Forcing himself to ease downwards to meet her gentle and tame thrust, Harry inadvertently moaned as her head pushed against his prostate. A burst of pleasure shot through his body as she did so, bringing a smile to Ginny's face. That moan gave Ginny the confidence to start moaning herself, enjoying the deep thrust she made into Harry's arse. She let him begin to bounce up and down on her cock, slowly at first, but Harry was tight enough that speed didn't matter. His bum was tight enough to be pleasurable at any speed and she was just enjoying the slow and deep pushes he was making. After the first few bounces, Ginny smiled, noticing that Harry's shaft had begun to harden against her stomach, his balls smacking against her crotch as he built up a rhythm. Each slow and deep thrust pushed her cock harder against his prostate, bringing Harry to start to moan, the pleasure slowly outdoing the pain. Swiftly sliding up her cock, Harry still had trouble pushing her back in and hesitated with every thrust back inside. Moaning loudly, Ginny wrapped her hand around Harry's hardened cock and began to swiftly jerk him back and forth, her other hand taking his balls and gently massaging them, rolling them back and forth playfully, a horny smile etched on her face. The added pleasure of Ginny's hands playing with him spurred him on. Adjusting his position, Harry rested on the balls of his feet, beginning to bounce up and down on Ginny's cock with a little more certainty. Moaning loudly, Harry forgot about the pain and was swarmed with pleasure, his arse convulsing as he grew accustomed to the cock sliding in and out of him. Moaning in time, Harry let a smile go across his face as he and Ginny moaned in unison, her cock becoming pleasure-ridden. The room was filled with the soft gentle slaps of Ginny's balls against Harry's saliva slick arse and the steady faps of Ginny's hand across Harry's cock. The pair's moans were in tandem as every time Harry slid himself down her shaft, they groaned together. He still felt every stretch, but it was nothing compared to the pleasure his prostate was pushed through. Speeding up, Harry began to eagerly fuck himself against her cock, bouncing happily up and down on her shaft, his body slick with sweat. Bouncing quicker and quicker, Harry started to feel himself slamming his ass down on Ginny's cock. Whilst he wasn't exactly going hard, his speed meant he was starting to push himself to a limit. Ginny's hands left Harry's cock and settled on his hips, leaving Harry to jerk himself off which he readily did. She began to lift Harry up and down, using his ass to pleasure herself. Now that Harry was comfortable, Ginny just wanted to enjoy her dream scenario and milk his ass for all the pleasure she could. Starting to thrust up into Harry's bounces, Ginny moaned as her cock slipped deeper into Harry's arse. Stopping his movements for a moment, the pair shared a glance as they savoured just how deep she was before starting up again. Harry swiftly began to bounce up and down whilst Ginny pounded upwards, her balls smacking pleasurably off Harry's taut arse cheeks. Leaning forwards, the pair kissed passionately, their swift and heated thrusts slowing to more deep and methodical pounds. Battling their lips, Ginny stared at Harry a devilish grin on her face. Before Harry could speak, she drew the entirety of her cock out of Harry, causing him to groan. Sliding out from underneath him, she gave him one last kiss before flipping him onto his hands and knees. Gently patting him on his bum, she grinned and leant into his ear to whisper, "My turn on top…" Before Harry could even gulp, she had the fat tip of her cock pressed snugly against his arsehole. Pressing forwards, his hole gave away surprisingly easily, allowing three inches to force their way back in. Groaning, Harry barely had time to adjust before Ginny began to push forwards. Her hands grabbed his hips, pulling his bum back onto her crotch. She watched with glee as inch after inch pushed deeper and deeper inside him, her cock getting swallowed up by his now eager asshole. Harry grunted from a little pain, but couldn't keep it up as he began to moan with his prostate in a heaven of its own. Ginny was kind enough to let him adjust to the fat cock now lodged in his ass for a moment. Her hands roamed his back and his ass as she prepared to give it to him. She was living her fantasy and relishing every moment of it and a part of Harry was thrilled with the idea. Admittedly, he was very new to this side of her, but he found nearly every moment to be pleasurable. However, he quickly decided to not let Ginny know. If she did, she would be rutting into him every single day. Deciding that Harry had adjusted enough, Ginny pulled her hips back before crashing back into Harry's ass, moaning as she did so. She swiftly built up a slow, but powerfully deep rhythm, her balls smacking against Harry's as her crotch slapped against Harry's bum. Harry could feel her pubic hair brush against his ass with every deep thrust. There was a sharp pain each time she thrust into him, but it was quickly replaced with a wave of pleasure as his prostate was battered with her hard shaft. Starting to fuck Harry, Ginny sped up, her thrusts becoming quicker and shallower. Sawing her hips back and forth, she tossed her hair backwards and steadied herself. Groping at Harry's bum, she began to pull him back onto her, dragging his ass back and forth across her cock as she fucked him. Dribbling a small mouthful of spit down onto her cock, she lubricated it, before sliding back inside. Moaning softly, she bit her lip focussing on her steady swift thrusts, each one bringing Harry closer to orgasm. Their bodies were covered in sweat, Harry particularly. As Ginny draped herself over his back, she planted her feet either side of his arse and began to thrust downwards, slamming deeper and deeper into Harry. The angle allowed her to keep her speed and still get deep down inside him. One of her hands snaked around behind herself, and rested at her own arse. Despite her movements, she managed to push two fingers into her own behind, sawing them in and out in tandem with her thrusts. Every time she pulled out, she pushed her fingers back in, only to pull them back out when she thrust inside. Her other hand went down to grab Harry's cock, but it was already in his hand, dripping with pre-cum as he jerked it furiously. Harry had fantasised about him and Ginny for a long time, but he had never thought he would find himself like this. Moaning loudly, he started to push back into her thrusts, allowing her to push deeper into him. She slowed her thrusts to catch her breath, starting to simply shifting her hips back and forth against Harry's arse, keeping her cock lodged deep inside. Feeling her orgasm near, Ginny decided to return to form. Kneeling back behind Harry she adjusted her position and forced Harry's head into the pillows. Starting slow, she began to build up her thrusts until she was hammering her cock in and out of her, each thrust sending ripples across his taut bum. Gritting her teeth as she sped up, she got lost in the moment. Bringing her hands up, she sharply spanked Harry, his ass glowing red as pounded harder and harder into him. Harry groaned In pain before beginning to moan again, his hand wrapped around his cock bringing him to the very edge. Both of them were nearing their end as Ginny thrust harder into Harry. His hand sped along his cock as he felt that familiar feeling coursing through his balls. Ginny's cock was twitching, barely able to hold on as she thrust into him one last time. His ass was clenching and spasming around her cock, a tell-tale sign of what was about to cum. She had fucked Luna enough times to know he was at his end. Sliding her cock out of Harry's bum, she flipped him onto his front. Ginny took control and straddled his legs, his cock grinding against her own. Knocking Harry's hand away, she grabbed his cock and her own in a single hand, using the other hand to hold them together at the base. Jerking both of them simultaneously, she used his shaft as friction against her own. Harry gasped as she did so, the pleasure of his cock grinding against hers just enough to tip him over the edge, groaning loudly. As if planned, the pair both spurted simultaneously. Several strands of cum spurted out of their twitching cocks landing on Ginny's hand, Harry's stomach and the pair's cocks. Moaning loudly as they both thrust against each other, Ginny made sure to milk each drop of cum out of both her cock and Harry's. Her hand sped along her cock, jerking swiftly back and forth as she reclined, riding out her orgasm. The pair both breathed heavily as they relaxed. Dropping down to her knees, she took Harry's cock in her mouth one last time, passing her lips along his shaft and swallowing what cum he had left to give greedily. Suckling for a moment, she let Harry's cock soften against his stomach and flopped down beside him on the bed. Pulling herself closer to him, she noticed him wince slightly, his asshole still recovering. Leaning up she gently kissed him before nestling her head in the crook of his neck. "That was…" Harry began, only to get cut off by Ginny, her breathing thick and raspy as she felt her cock soften against her leg, a dribble of pre-cum dripping down her thigh. "You don't have to say anything…" Ginny smiled, wrapping her arms around Harry and lifting her thigh across his. Nuzzling into his neck, she held him close, pulling the bed covers up and over their sweaty bodies, "Let's just enjoy the moment. Together" Harry lay there, his arms resting around the redhead's body, holding her close and smiled. For once, he felt like things were looking up. He had a gorgeous girlfriend in his arms and he couldn't be happier. He didn't care that she was naked, in fact their sexual intimacy was far from on his mind. For him it was just nice to let someone In and have some to hold close. Smirking, he glanced down at her, a smile of content in his face. "I love you Ginny…" Harry said simply, gently rubbing her head, his heart racing as they slowly drifted off to sleep in each other's arms. "I love you too…" She replied, a smile etching across her face as her childhood crush uttered those immortal words. And for that night and for the last time in a long while, the Triwizard Tournament was far from on Harry's mind. And he was happier for it. Author's Note: I hope you guys all enjoyed that! It took a lot longer than imagined, but I got there in the end. Been dealing with a lot of stuff in my actual life which has really sapped inspiration away from me, but hopefully I'll be able to churn some stuff out. Please leave a review or even give me a PM. When it comes to inspiration and motivation they are worth millions. I really mean it. As little or as big (bigger the better as they say ;) ) as you'd like and they can really set a fire beneath my arse when it comes to writing. The next chapter is an interesting one to say the least. Then again, I've not really decided which chapter is next. The two options I've got are both particularly naughty, but you'll see both of them eventually! But I digress, a review or PM is very very very much appreciated and I will hopefully be back again soon! P.S, sorry if the chapter seems a bit shaky, it was written on and off over the space between the last chapter and now! Might rejig it a bit to make it better. Don't know yet! Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys. Thanks for the support on the last chapter of the story, really spurred me on to write the next one and it is a brilliant pairing/grouping. One that people have been asking for for a while now. And it was a ton of fun to write and explore and hopefully you guys enjoy it as well. Let me know your thoughts on the chapter and any pairings you'd like to see. Feedback and reviews help to keep stories like this alive and I really do appreciate them a load. So, enjoy this chapter and let me know what you think! Chapter 10: In Lieu of Quidditch "What? What do you mean cancelled!" Angelina bellowed, her voice furious as she paced back and forwards in the classroom. The room was filled with the Gryffindor team, Fred and George both sitting towards the back with Alicia and Katie standing close by, every obviously upset about the news. "Due to the Triwizard Tournament taking place at Hogwarts, we have decided to postpone the Quidditch Competition until next year. Not to mention the undue stress that would be placed upon Mister Potter and Mister Diggory considering their vital roles in their respective House teams," Mcgonagall explained, looking around for Harry "Where is Mister Potter?" "You can't just cancel the Quidditch Competition!" Fred explained, rising to his feet only to get swiftly shut down by his head of house. "Yes, I can and I won't hear any more about it. Make sure Mister Potter gets the message and go about your classes today," Mcgonagall snapped before marching out of the room leaving the five Gryffindor players alone. "This is bullshit. They just expect us not to play quidditch all year? We'll get flattened next year without any practice," Alicia piped up, as she strode in front of the players and trying to catch Angelina's attention. "They didn't say we couldn't practice. I suppose we'll just have to make do…" Katie sighed, being the voice of reason, but her words being hollow. She was just as disappointed if not more so than the rest of the team. This year would have been the year that the team welcome Harry to their fold with a proper welcome. Angelina was pacing quicker and quicker, her face going visibly red despite her dark complexion. Realising she was about to burst, Katie rushed to her side, stopping her in her tracks and smiling, "I know what will calm us all down…" Before Angelina could ask, Katie leant forwards, her lips pressing softly against her fellow seeker's lips. Reacting stiffly to the girls advance, Angelina felt her lips pry ever so slightly apart as Katie's tongue explored her mouth. It took her a moment, but soon enough Angelina melted into the kiss, her lips parting allowing her friend full access and letting her own tongue dip into Katie's mouth, battling back and forth. Wrapping her arms around Angelina, Katie pulled her hips closer, the rising bulges beneath both of their skirts, grinding against the other as their hands eagerly explored each other's bodies. Fred and George reclined almost in unison, admiring the sight before them. It certainly wasn't an unfamiliar one, but it was just as entertaining as the first time they saw it. The Gryffindor team had a very intimate relationship and no doubt the true reason for Angelina's outrage was in fear of losing their weekly 'sessions' in the showers. Glancing over at Alicia, Fred saw her hand lost inside her skirt, moving slowly and steadily back and forth as she admired the pair in front of them. Spurred on, Fred and George let their hands paw gently at the outside of their trousers, groaning softly. Katie's hands slid down from Angelina's waist and latched onto the black girl's rather plump arse. Hiking up the girl's skirt, she flashed the boys and Alicia a delicious view of Angelina's panty clad arse. A frilly pair of polka-dot panties hugged her bum tightly and were obscured by the thin veil of Angelina's black tights. Slipping her hands inside her tights, Katie hooked her fingers around the hem and began to pull the fabric down over Angelina's plump ass cheeks. Pulling her lips away from Angelina's Katie smirked before slowly lowering herself to her knees. Slowly pulling down Angelina's tights, she let them drop to her ankles before coming face to face with her panties, the fabric bulging obscenely as her cock begged to be freed. Catching a glimpse of the three onlookers to her movements, Katie smirked and decided to play on her show. Quickly unfastening Angelina's skirt, she tossed the garment aside revealing their risqué positioning to the twins and their fellow seeker. Finally turning to Angelina's crotch, Katie slowly pulled her panties down and watched as Angelina's cock flopped against her thigh. Angelina was big. Probably the biggest in Gryffindor house and perhaps the whole year. The stigma attached to men of colour extended to the woman and it was safe to say that she had a big black cock. Standing at twelve inches, the thick slab of cock was simply divine. Almost as long as Katie's forearm, and almost as thick as her wrist, Angelina's cock was deliciously big. Much to both Katie and Alicia's delight and to Fred and George's dismay. They had been on the opposite end of Angelina's cock and whilst she tended to go nice and slow most of the time, Fred had the unlucky incident of being bent over during one of her temperamental moods. Safe to say, he couldn't sit down for a week. Wrapping her fingers around the base of Angelina's cock, Katie watched as the black girl's eyes rolled closed. Her shaft was sensitive with a simple touch often enough to elicit a moan of pleasure. Smirking, Katie let her hand slide slowly up to Angelina's head and slowly pulled back her foreskin revealing her bulbous, engorged tip, pre-cum already lubing it to a glossy shimmer. Running her hand across her head, Katie lubricated her palm and began to jerk her hand back and forth across Angelina's cock, the girl's moans becoming louder and louder as she clenched her fists in delicious pleasure. Giving Angelina a sly and sultry smirk, Katie then leant forwards, laying her tongue flat against the engorged bulbous, black cockhead. Hearing the pleasured moans of the chaser spurred Katie on and as she pressed her puckered lips snugly against the tip of her cock, she felt Angelina's hands rest gently against the back of her head, collecting her ponytail in her hands, ready to guide her, much to Katie's bemusement. Parting her lips, she slid them slowly over the giant head, her lips stretching as the fat head pushed against her cheeks. Moaning loudly, Angelina applied a gentle amount of pressure on Katie's head, coaxing more of her cock into Katie's mouth. Since her fourth year -last year- Katie had spent a fair amount of time with Angelina and her cock. She made special effort to get her throat used to the sizable shaft. A point of pride. Katie quickly became the most adept out of the other four players at sucking Angelina's cock and she was notably adept at taking it in her arse. George came close, but couldn't quite manage it the same as her. Adjusting her position, Katie held Angelina's cock in two hands and slowly began feeding her cock deeper into her throat. Sliding her lips down each inch, Katie began to feel her throat bulge and her lips strain. Moaning louder and louder as each inch slipped inside, Angelina began to revel in the soft spasming sensation of Katie's warm, wet throat. As the eight-inch slipped past her lips and Katie's eyes became level with Angelina's neatly shaven crotch, she felt herself start to gag and splutter. Saliva began to dribble down Angelina's cock. Quickly jerking her hand back and forth across the four inches that she couldn't throat, Katie, lubed the shaft up to a glossy shimmer, her tongue snaking back and forth wherever it could, the thick shaft restricting its movement immensely. Pulling her mouth back across Angelina's cock, she swiftly began to bob her head up and down across all eight inches and easily managing to deepthroat those eight inches. Her throat slipped up and down her shaft with ease, saliva pouring from her mouth and dribbling down her shaft. Despite the ease at which she was sucking on Angelina's dick, she was unable to swallow the saliva that collected in her mouth, leaving it lay slick across her big black snake. Quickening her suckling, Katie began to moan, her hand sliding up inside her own skirt and slipping inside the thin pair of black satin panties she had on. Her hand snaked around her own shaft, not nearly comparable to Angelina's. Moving her lips in tandem with her own hand, her moans became more frequent and louder, sending delicious waves of pleasure through Angelina's cock and eliciting deeper moans of pleasure from Angelina. Taking grip of Katie's ponytail, Angelina began to force Katie a little further, pushing her own cock deeper into Katie's clutching throat, trying to slip a ninth inch deep into Katie's throat. Both Fred and George had forgone simply fondling themselves outside their trousers. Dropping their trousers to the ground, they had their own cocks in hand, lazily jerking them back and forth as they watched Angelina start to fuck Katie's throat, her splutters filling the room. Alicia swiftly rose to her feet catching the two-twin's attention. Reaching underneath her skirt, she hooked her fingers up inside panties and slipped both them and her tights of, revealing her long dark legs. Taking each garment in both her hands, she turned to the twins and tossed them to them to fight over before winking. Dropping her skirt as well, she smiled, her own ten-inch cock bouncing and dribbling pre-cum from the tip. Walking swiftly over to Angelina, her plump arse bouncing delectably for the twins. Wrapping her arms around Angelina, Alicia swiftly stripped away Angelina's shirt and jumper, revealing her plump breasts. Leaning forwards, she pressed her lips against Angelina's the two black girls pulling the other deeper into the kiss, their tongue frantically fighting the others. Pulling away from Angelina, Alicia walked around behind her and slowly crouched down in front of her ass cheeks. Kneeling behind Angelina, Alicia planted her hands on her round bum, her thumbs grasping her soft skin and peeling it apart, revealing her tight, constricted asshole. Angelina rarely let anyone fuck her, instead opting to be on top. In fact, the last time she had been fucked was a year ago when they welcomed Katie into their fold and Angelina was feeling especially gracious. However, that didn't curb her enthusiasm for anyone's tongue straying between her ass cheeks and licking her hole. Leaning forwards, Alicia prodded Angelina's asshole with her tongue, gently flicking the slick muscle around her asshole. Making sure to cover every inch of her arse with her tongue, she traced every wrinkle, her hands massaging the soft, plump flesh of her behind. As fond of Angelina's cock as Alicia was, she would be hard pressed not to admit how much she adored the soft, bountiful behind that the girl had. Resting her tongue against Angelina's hole, Alicia spread her cheeks as wide as she could before pushing her tongue slowly forwards, nestling her nose in the crack of Angelina's arse. Her tongue wriggled deep inside Angelina's hole, causing the chaser to thrust her hips forwards, sinking another inch of her cock into Katie's unwary throat. Grabbing Angelina's ass cheeks firmly, Alicia held her fellow seeker firmly in place as she let her tongue lustily explore deeper into her arsehole. Moaning softly as she delved deeper and deeper into her hole, Alicia snaked one of her arms around Angelina's waist to keep her in place, whilst her other hand dropped down between her own legs. Wrapping around the base of her own shaft, she jerked herself off furiously, her tongue lapping at every inch of Angelina's hole she could get access to. Pulling her tongue out of Angelina's asshole, she dragged it back and forth across her hole, leaving saliva all across her hole and the skin of her cheeks only before delving back inside. Katie had stopped moving her lips back and forth across Angelina's cock instead allowing for Angelina to take control, her hand guiding Katie's throat up and down her cock. With her hands free, Katie dropped them down behind herself. Prying apart her own arse cheeks, she used the saliva collected from Angelina's cock to lubricate her fingers. Pressing the fingers against her asshole, Katie slipped them deep inside herself, moaning lustily around Angelina's cock as she fingered herself. In opposite to Angelina, where the dark-skinned seeker found more pleasure in her cock, Katie found more pleasure in her arse. Tired of their inaction, Fred and George both rose their feet simultaneously. Swiftly stripping down, the two of them stood naked, gently stroking the cocks as they walked over to the three seekers, their cocks still twitching as they watched all three of them writhing in pleasure together. The twins let their hands explore the two chasers on their knees. Fred's hands roamed across Alicia's arse, gently squeezing the flesh of her cheeks and receiving a horny wink from the darker skinned chaser. However, George's hands immediately latched onto Angelina's breasts, his thumbs toying with her nipples, gently flicking them back and forth, adding to the monumental waves of pleasure that were flooding uncontrollably through Angelina's body. Soon, Fred joined his brother, with each twin taking a breast. Their hands squeezed and fondled her ebony breasts, playing with the soft handful of flesh like a child would. Smirking at one another, they cast Angelina a wink before lowering their mouths to her breasts. Wrapping their lips tightly around Angelina's nipples, their tongue running eagerly across her chocolatey skin, savouring every inch of her beautiful body. Even as they began to toy with Angelina's tits, they couldn't help, but allow their eyes to wander up and down, admiring every sumptuous curve of both Angelina and the other two chasers. Letting their tongues run wild, they playfully flicked back and forth across her nipples, bringing them to erect peaks. Circling them with their tongues, the twins coated her boobs with saliva, her nipples slick whenever they pulled their lips away to breathe. Biting down gently on her erect nipples caused Angelina to breathe in sharply, pushing her hips forwards, sinking deeper into Katie's experienced throat. Angelina was in heaven. Every possible avenue of pleasure was currently being experienced as her body spasmed from pleasure. She had to keep herself from cumming through great effort. Moans poured from her lips every second as she constantly gasped from every shift in movement. Her breasts were tingling as the twins worked their magic, her cock twitched inside Katie's throat and she felt her arse clench every time Alicia darted her tongue deeper and deeper. The room itself was filled with soft suckling sounds, lusty moans and the grunts of pleasures muffled by full mouths, whether it be full of cock or ass. That was until Angelina chose to change things up a little. "Right then George… Your turn," Angelina smirks, pulling Katie's lips off her cock and pushing George down onto his knees. Adjusting her position, she snaked her hands through George's hair and grasped his head tightly. Alicia's tongue was wrenched from Angelina's ass and Fred was brushed aside as Angelina, prepared to pound George's throat with her cock. Lining up her tip with his lips, she pushed forwards until her head sat inside his mouth and smiled as his eyes went wide. "Care to look after us Fred?" Alicia smiled as Katie rose to her feet and dropped her own skirt. Alicia eagerly stroked her cock as Katie, ripped her tights in two and tossed her thin panties aside, revealing her comparatively small cock. Standing at only six inches, it wasn't anything compared to her two darker skinned partners, however, she preferred the more submissive position when it came to fucking meaning that her shorter cock rarely got in the way of her pleasure. Joining Alicia, the pair put on hand on each of Fred's shoulders and gently pushed him to his knees until he was face to face with the two cocks. Wrapping his hands tentatively around both the chaser's cock, his hand stretching to hold Alicia's, but not nearly as much for Katie's. Slowly jerking them both back and forth, Fred saw both the girl's heads recline in pleasure, moaning softly as they wrapped their arms around each other's waists and pulled their near naked bodies together. The pair turned to one another and began to kiss passionately, their hands slipping under the other's school jumper and shirt before latching onto their breasts. Stripping each other until they both stood entirely naked, their hands fondling the other's tits as they waited for Fred's tongue. Leaning forwards, Fred decided to start with the smaller and more manageable shaft. Opening his mouth, he took Katie's pale cockhead into his mouth, wrapping his lips snugly around her engorged purple head. Despite being smaller than the other chasers, she was still sizable enough and thick as well. Thicker than six inches would normally allow. Pushing her cock deeper into his mouth, Fred managed to sink five of her six inches into his throat before beginning to gag. Clumsily and slowly, Fred moved his mouth back and forth bobbing up and down on Katie's cock spurred on by her soft and pleasured moans of Katie, the sounds muffled by Alicia's fervent kisses. Pulling his mouth away from Katie's cock, Harry moved to Alicia, his hand continuing to work Katie's cock dutifully, the newfound slickness from his oral attentions making his jerking smoother and more pleasurable overall, whilst also unwittingly preparing her shaft for later. Stretching his lips to envelop Alicia's bulbous head, Fred swiftly felt a hand rest on the back of his head. Looking up, he saw Katie reaching over, a devilish smirk on her face as she pushed Fred's throat further down Alicia's shaft. Alicia's hand however rested on top of Katie's with both the girls guiding Fred's mouth along her cock. Alicia's other hand drifted down to cup Katie's arse, gently prying the younger girl's cheeks apart. Laying slight agape from Katie's previous finger, her asshole was an easy target for Alicia's fingers. Resting against her hole, Alicia's swiftly sank her fingers deep into her. Gasping and moaning loudly, Katie thrust forwards, her cock grazing against Fred's cheek, which was stretching from Alicia's cock. Having taken half of Alicia's thick black cock, Fred felt the hand on his head gently tug him back and away from her shaft. He had very little time to breathe and collect himself before his mouth was thrust on Katie's cock. Meanwhile, George was in a far more precarious position. Angelina had both her hands on either side of George's head, forcing his neck backwards whilst, she loomed over him. Reclining backwards ever so slightly, George's head was placed snugly between Angelina's thighs, her cock jammed deep within his throat. He had managed to take seven inches without any problems, having received a fair amount of practice. Holding George in place, Angelina steadied herself before beginning to fuck George's throat. Pulling her hips back, she started to thrust forwards, using her hands to bring George's head down onto her thrust. Jamming her cock harder and harder into his throat, she sped up her thrusts, patiently waiting for George's throat to give way. Gagging and spluttering around the thick shaft lodged in his throat, George felt saliva begin to dribble down his chin as his mouth was used as Angelina's own personal toy. His cock was throbbing between his legs, his arousal having never been higher. Thrusting harder into George's throat, Angelina began to work up a sweat, her body glistening as she, for all intents and purposes, skull fucked the twin. Finally, his throat gave way and two more inches sank deep into George's throat. His eyes flew wide open as he felt himself begin to choke. Focussing on breathing through his nose, he struggled against Angelina's grip, pushing against her thighs. Moaning loudly as she sank her cock deeper into his throat than ever before. Deeper into anyone's throat than ever before. Not wanting to stop, she continued to push her cock deep into his throat, his defences becoming non-existent as every single inch of her shaft slipped inside. George's eyes bulged as his lips were forced for the first time against Angelina's shaven crotch, her balls smacking against his chin, saliva pouring across her testicles. Katie pulled away from Fred, groaning as her cock slipped out from between his lips. Guiding his mouth onto Alicia's cock, Katie left him to suckle on the dark-skinned chaser's cock before striding around behind Fred. Running her hands across Fred's ass, playing and pulling at the soft flesh of the twin's bum. Sliding down onto her knees behind Fred, she ran her fingers across his asshole, readying herself to fuck the tight arse before her. "I know you aren't as big a fan of this as George," Katie smiled, winking at the other twin as Angelina pulled her cock out of his clutching throat, letting him splutter and gasp for breath. Lining her pale cock up with Fred's ass, she dribbled a small amount of saliva on his hole, watching as Alicia took full control of his mouth, lazily fucking his throat as he prepared to be spit-roasted. Leaning into Fred's ear, Katie whisper, "So I'll spare you Alicia's cock and go a little easier on you." As soon as she said this, Katie sank her hips forwards, her cock easily and forcefully slipping past Fred's ring. His hole tightened snugly around her cock as he groaned audibly against Alicia's shaft which now found itself sliding in and out of his warm wet mouth. Moaning alongside him, Katie rested her hands on his hips and gently began to push forwards, each and every one of her inches slipping deep inside him, stretching his arse as she pressed her shaven crotch against his round ass. Moving her hips back and forth, she started to softly fuck the Weasley twin her balls smacking against his as she sped herself up. Her cock slipped in and out of him slowly at first as she allowed him to adjust. Whilst Katie enjoyed a rougher and more fervent pace especially when she was on the bottom, she was sympathetic to the fact that Fred was far tighter than she was. Making special effort to ease herself in and out of him, Katie constantly let her hands roam across his ass and back, calming and comforting him as she started to speed up. Pulling Fred backwards onto each of his thrusts, Katie began to slam her hips against Fred's arse, his grunts growing louder with each thrust. Swimming in pleasure, Katie felt herself slowly succumb to the pleasure consumed by simply wanting to cum. Rutting into Fred's bum, she moaned sinking herself deeper and deeper with each thrust. Her balls began to slap louder and louder as she sped up, the room filling with the soft slapping sounds of her thrusts, paired with the muffled moans of Fred's cock filled mouth. Despite the delicious realm of pleasure in which her cock was, Katie wasn't satisfied and with Alicia's fingers no longer probing her asshole, she took it upon herself to administer such pleasures. Keeping her thrusts swift and steady, she reached behind and slid her hand down between her sweet cheeks, her fingers resting at her well fingered bum-hole. Sliding her fingers deep inside, she moaned loudly, her ass clenching tightly around her digits, adding another level of pleasure. Each of her thrusts pulled her fingers out, only to have them forced back in as she pulled out. The movement was even more pleasurable than she could imagine. A part of her wanted to ask Alicia to stop her assault on the boy's throat and inside slip her cock into her arse and fuck her whilst she fucked Fred. The idea of a chain had always intrigued Katie and she often wondered if she should bring up the idea to the team. They were teenagers and it was whilst they were at school when they should experiment with properly creative positions. And with five of them, soon to be six with Harry's introduction, a chain of people fucking the person in front whilst being fucked behind seemed like a naturally curious idea. If they had enough people, they could make a circle. But that was a little too ludicrous for even Katie's imagination. "Right Weasley… Bend over," Angelina purred seductively, George's mind filling with lust as the sexy chaser loomed over him. He had always hidden that side of him. The side of him that secretly adored a little domination. It came in full force when he and Fred encountered Cho and over the many years with the Quidditch team, he secretly adored when they took control. He never did let that side show for fear of how he would be used if it were common knowledge. Doing so dutifully and out of instinct, he rolled onto all fours and quickly felt his head get pushed forward by Angelina, her dominant side showing. Flopping her saliva slick shaft down between George's taut cheeks, she thrust forwards, grinding her cock against his asshole and gently humping against his behind. The simple graze against his hole caused him to moan softly and only in earshot of Angelina, "Fuck me…" "With pleasure…" Angelina smiled, catching onto Fred's obedient side. Despite George's best efforts, the three chasers knew about his proclivity for this kind of action. They noticed the clues and had picked up rather swiftly, hence Angelina's preference of George. He was the only person besides Katie who could stomach being fucked by her and being fucked at a decent pace. And after years of walking around with the monster between her legs, she adored having someone who could at least handle it to some degree of competency. Resting the bulbous tip against his tight constricted arsehole, Angelina pushed swiftly and forcefully forwards. George lasted only a few seconds before his cock pushed past his defences. Groaning in unison, the pair felt their bodies sweep with pleasure as more and more of her shaft disappeared deeper and deeper into George. George's eyes flew wide open before rolling back in pleasure. There was a sharp burst of pain before his body was swarmed with pleasure, her cock resting nicely against his prostate. About half of her cock was pushed inside when he begged her to stop a moment. Despite her haze of pleasure, she did so, knowing full well the damage her cock could do if forced on someone properly. It took George a few moments to adjust before he softly moaned and pushed his bum back against her. Taking this as a sign, Angelina started to push forwards once more, pushing against George until finally, the very last inch of her enormously long cock was inside him. While, the ring that Ginny and Luna experimented with extended their cocks to a similar length, it was the girth that the ring provided which made their session so laborious. Angelina had length, but not width, resulting in George, through great effort, being able to manage the cock. As the last inch slipped inside George's arse, Angelina's balls slapped against his, the force of her thrust, buckling George's knees. Falling onto his stomach, George tried to push himself up only to have Angelina hold him down as she began to slowly, but surely fuck him. Softly pulling her cock back and forth, she stretched him slowly with each movement, his arse becoming more adept with each soft slap her balls made against his bum. Moaning in unison, George felt his cock grind against the floor each time she thrust into him. With every thrust, Angelina sped up until she was slamming her cock back and forth, moving five inches in and out of George's arse. Grunting every time Angelina's hips smacked into her. Laying on top of George, Angelina pressed her tits against his back, forcing him harder into the floor. Having draped her body across George's she began to lift her ass up and down, humping against his bum, fucking harder and harder as the new angle allowed her to probe deeper and deeper into him. Alicia, conceding the fact that Katie was unlikely to relinquish control over Fred's arse and Angelina was not about to let George get away from her, decided to up the ante and start to use Fred's hole. Snaking her fingers through his hair, she forced his head down onto her shaft, six inches disappearing deep into his throat before he spluttered, spewing saliva down the rest of her shaft. Dragging Fred's complacent hand back to the base of her cock, Alicia coaxed him into jerking the remainder of her cock. His hand growing bolder slipped down to her balls, making Alicia gasps as he did so. Gently massaging her sack and passing back and forth between his fingers, Fred cause Alicia to stop her thrusts, allowing Fred to take back control. Whilst he wasn't a fan of sucking cock, he figured him being in control of it was a damn side better than Alicia taking control of his throat. Moving his lips back and forth across her cock, he sped his movements up in an attempt to tide the chaser over. Moaning loudly, she let her hand simply massage the beater's head. Pulling his lips off Alicia's cockhead, he jerked her entirely length before lowering his tongue to her balls. Sucking playfully on each ball, he let his tongue roam back along her shaft, only to capture her head in his mouth once more. Only now, Alicia resumed control for a few last thrusts before she came. Thrusting one last time, deep into Fred's throat, Alicia's felt her cockhead twitch pleasurably. Groaning loudly, she moved her hips a few times as she coaxed her orgasm into full swing. Her cock sprayed several long strands of cum deep into Fred's throat, leaving him no option, but to swallow them, gagging as he did so. Thrusting a few last times, she milked every drop out of her cock and into Fred, before pulling her cock out of Fred's mouth, leaving him to gag and spluttered as she stroked her saliva slick cock, a last bead of cum rolling onto her fist. Katie felt her cock twitch and twinge as she thrust in and out of Fred's butt. Grunting and groaning, her body slick with sweat, Katie continued to push her fingers in and out of her arse, spurred on by the loud vocal moans of Fred, his mouth free of the sizable cock, allowing him to moan as loudly as he could. The pair were about to cum in tandem, with Katie's faster thrusts only serving to bring Fred closer to his orgasm. Thrusting one last time, Katie felt her cock erupt. Several long strands of cum shot deep inside Fred before Katie could pull his shaft out. Slapping her spasming shaft in between Fred's cheeks, Katie unloaded the last few strands of cum out across Fred's bum and back, covering him in cum as she moaned loudly. Fred's own cock twitched with pleasure as she came inside him. His cock had softened whilst she had fucked him, an inadvertent side effect, however, it didn't lessen his orgasm. Cumming across the floor, he moaned softly before collapsing onto his front. As the three of them caught their breath, their eyes turned to the source of the loud slapping across the room. George had collapsed onto his belly, his body glistening with sweat as Angelina pounded into him from above, his asshole stretching to accommodate her long, yet thin cock. Grunting in pleasure the pair were reaching their own orgasms much to their delights. A smile etched itself across Angelina and even George's face as they came closer and closer to cumming. The three onlookers were astonished at George's impressive ability to handle Angelina with such a strong smile on his face. The way his ass stretched and warped to make room was astounding and the three slowly felt their cocks twinge, almost harden in response. Angelina felt her cock bubble on the edge of orgasm. Her balls slapped into George's one last time as she came. Spurting cum deep inside George's arse, she filled him to the brim, dribbles of cum slipping out his arse and down over her balls. Moaning loudly as she did so, she gave a few last thrusts which managed to push George over the edge, spraying his orgasm across the floor. "Well… even if Quidditch is cancelled… I'm sure we can all make time for this…" Katie smirked, breathing heavily as the group slowly began to clean themselves up. Staggering to his feet, George wrapped his hands around Angelina's waist, pulling them together. Surprised, Angelina had a brief moment as they stared into each other's eyes. Passion enveloped them as George pushed his lisp against hers, their tongues locking passionately as their bodies writhed against one another, George's cock hardening against Angelina's stomach as they grew more intimate. Hopping backwards, up onto a desk, Angelina reclined, letting George's cock slip down past her own and get sandwiched between her ass cheeks and the table. Angling himself, he thrust forwards, his cock pushing deep into her ass as their roles were reversed. Gently thrusting back and forth, George was far gentler, as they let their bodies interweave and grind against one another. "That's… a bit unexpected…" Alicia said as she readjusted her skirt and watched the pair descend into a more compassionate union. Katie had finished dressing and so had Fred, leaving all three of them to watch the pair fuck. It was more uncomfortable than usual as they felt they were intruding somewhat. A few minutes passed before Katie piped up and said, "Perhaps we should just… leave them to it." Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that. I know I said I would stray away from having enormous cocks, but I felt that I wanted to at least explore what it would be like if someone in this universe did have one. Safe to say, Angelina won't be as rough with everyone as she was with George. George has experience with her and knows how to handle her shaft. Also, I am aware of the fact that the more likely pairing would be Fred and Angelina considering that the pair go to the Yule Ball together, but plans changed and for future chapters, I need those two together. Anyway, thoughts are always appreciated! Reviews and PM's keep stories like alive. So, feel free to let loose, positive or negative! Either way, love to hear from you! The next chapter has also been asked for a fair bit and is a delicious threesome pairing. Harry/Ginny/Luna. Something I've wanted to write since the start of the story! Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope you are all well. I want to say thank you for the enthusiasm you guys had towards my last chapter. The grouping has proven to be the most popular and for good reason. Nevertheless, I think the trio will be feature a little bit more than I had planned! However, I want to announce something that I intend to start doing. I have been planning this story and starting to plan something of a sequel set in Harry's fifth year. And whilst that is some ways off I have found myself wanting to write about pairings that won't feature until the next story. And so, I've decided to start doing the one-shots again. For those of you who don't remember, the one-shots are the first two chapters of this story titled under 'POC'. I have created a poll featuring a bunch of girls who won't feature in 'Sensations of Shemales: Items of Aphrodomina' and will instead make their debut in the next one. Instead of waiting that long, I will be writing one-shots that are completely unrelated to this story and have no place within the story featuring those girls. And you get to vote on the first one! When I post it, it will be at the top of the chapter list and will be labelled as a one-shot. Please vote! With that out of the way, here is chapter 11! Chapter 11: For Modesty… "Morning handsome…" Ginny purred playfully as she awoke from her sleep. Rolling onto her side, she lay face to face with the vacant, sleeping expression of her boyfriend, who was for all intents and purposes, still catatonic. Smirking, she snaked her slender, smooth leg back over his, feeling his cock harden in the morning air against her own, which was dangerously close to pitching a tent. Finally, the grinding of her cock against his, elicited a soft moan from his lips, stirring him from his slumber, his eyes opening, blinded by the candles in the corner which burst into flame at the first sight of dawn. A rather useful enchantment. "Morning Beautiful…" He replied, wrapping his arms around her boldly. Any initial nervousness of their relationship and been brushed aside, invigorating the two with a romantic twinge in their chests. Breathing softly, the two reclined, their minds clear. No other words needed uttering, the moment was as perfect as it could be. Like a dream. A dream that was all too familiar to Ginny, as her childhood was filled with imagining the pair of them in such a candid and brilliant moment. A smile stretched across her face as she realised she had what she had always wanted and no one could ruin the majesty of their first morning in bed together. "Morning!" A voice chirped from the end of the bed, sending Ginny and Harry into a flurry. Dragging the duvet cover up over their bodies, the pair panicked flailing wildly as they tried to cover themselves from the surprise intruder. Adjusting the covers one last time, the pair slowly peered over the covers to spy the intruder who had strolled around the side of the bed and was now sat on the end of the bed, a book propped open, her eyes drawing back and forth across the tome, oblivious to Harry and Ginny's panic. "Luna?" Ginny sighed, throwing down the covers on her side, her breasts in full view as she stared down the blonde girl. Much to Ginny's surprise, Luna had stripped herself naked before she entered the room. Had the pair not been in such a flurry, they would have seen her pale nude form in the door way when she announced herself. Annoyingly, Ginny felt herself harden at the lithe form of her best friend, her eyes drifting towards her cock which was pointing straight upwards in an equal state of arousal. Harry's heart had skipped a beat as he looked at the young naked girl perched on the end of the bed. He hadn't seen much of Luna after the train and this wasn't exactly how he pictured his second encounter. Although, similarly to the two girls in the bed, his own cock began to harden. His dumfounded and drooling gaze was interrupted as Ginny started to talk, "Luna… Why are you naked?" "Well, when I saw you two in here naked, I thought myself that it would be mighty embarrassing if I was the odd one out," Luna smiled nonchalantly, turning her head briefly, an airy smile on her face. Returning to her book, she caused both Harry and Ginny to glance at each other, a look of disbelief shared between the two. "We're just about to get dressed, so perhaps you should get dressed as well?" Ginny smiled as she rolled out of the bed, trying desperately to fend off her erection as she stumbled around the bed in search of her clothing. Harry however was enthralled with the naked blonde at the end of the bed. When Harry thought ahead to his fourth year, he never thought he would be in the same room as two gorgeous naked women both nonchalantly flaunting their nakedness with all the comfortableness in the world. However, as he was admiring the bouncing nude body of his girlfriend and the succulent blonde, he realised something incredibly troubling, "Eh… Ginny?" "What? Where did we put our clothes? Did we strip in the corridor or something?" Ginny said dismissively, strutting over to the doorway and glancing out into the empty corridor, bemused by the lack of clothing. Much to her confusion, there was nothing, no clothing. Not even a sign of Luna's robes which was especially confusing, however, it dawned quickly upon her as to the location of hers and Harry's. As she turned to stare at him, she knew instantly that he had realised as well. "They're in the common room…" Harry stammered nervously, realising that the both of them had ran through the halls naked to arrive at the secret corridor. Sinking into the bed, Harry realised that their only option was to go back through the castle completely naked at the peak time for students. Everyone would be moving around to get to their first classes, meaning that the chances of Harry and Ginny to stride in front a bunch of unwitting first years was incredibly high. "Shit… What are we going to do? We can't walk through the corridors naked!" Ginny cursed slinking back into the room, biting on her nail as she nervously sat back down on the bed, her cock annoying her as it throbbed for attention, pressing itself against her toned stomach. "Why not?" Luna piped up, laying the book aside and turning to look quizzically on the two fretful and panicked lovebirds. Casually, Luna's hand dropped her cock almost instinctively and gently jerked herself off. Almost a natural reaction to being naked, Luna softly moaned as she watched on with a dreamy gaze. "Because people will see," Ginny said confusedly. Much to her bemusement, Luna still didn't catch on, staring at her with the same level of confusement, her hand moving back and forth across her cock. The fact that Luna's mind was on her own cock wasn't surprising to Ginny as Luna often fondled herself. Luna was lucky and could still bring herself to orgasm, despite her proclivity to have sex with her ginger friend. "So?" Luna asked, Ginny's answer not being enough to curb her confusion. Biting her lip as to stop herself form moaning she continued her thoughts, almost without hesitation, not allowing Ginny to answer, "I like the idea of walking the corridors with no clothes on. It seems natural…" "Well… You know… Modesty? People don't look fondly on naked people in the halls!" Ginny explained, her gaze moving straight to Harry as she uttered those last words. She knew as soon as she said it that Harry would be looking at her as if to say not everyone would be averse to such a sight. "Well…" Harry began, his mind rushing to the idea that he for one would be delighted to see people running naked through the halls. A few different girls came to mind, but that was quickly shot down by Ginny. "You, hush… Wait. Luna? Do you have robes?" Ginny asked, realising that she had a scapegoat. Snapping Luna out of her dreamy stare, Ginny looked expectantly at the young blonde. "Of course!" Luna said confusedly, wondering why Ginny was questioning her clothing. Her other free hand dropped to her balls, gently fondling them as she jerked herself off. "Can you go get us something to wear?" Harry asked, getting to his feet, finally losing that air of nervousness and striding straight around to Ginny's side, "I have that weighing of the wands thing. Would rather not be naked for it. Might send the other champions the wrong idea." "Or the right one," Ginny smirked, nudging him in the side and setting his cheeks a flame. Giggling, she wrapped her arms around him and pulled him close. "I could, but I can't walk through the corridors like this," Luna smiled gesturing to her cock and continuing to jerk herself of steadily, "I would look like a fool!" "Are you kidding?" Harry exclaimed as he quickly caught onto what she was implying. It wasn't that he wasn't in the mood for it. Quite the opposite. He had been hard since he had woken up and he would be lying if he said his mind wasn't full of lustful thoughts of a threesome with two of the most gorgeous girls he'd seen. The number of glorious positions he had envisioned them all in was innumerable. "I don't know. Could be fun you know? Teaming up?" Ginny smirked, the idea warming to her as she turned to look at Harry with a suggestive glance on her face. Harry returned the curtesy with a glare of disapproval only to find the horny and lustful side of him winning over his senses. "Fine…" Harry conceded a little too willingly. Trying to disguise his eagerness, Harry observed the glint of joy in Ginny's eyes as she wrapped her arms him. The pair strode around to Luna, all three of their cocks hard and throbbing, bouncing against their thighs. "Yay! I've always wanted to have a threesome. Should I give you two oral first?" Luna said eagerly beaming at the two lovers, her hands lunging forwards and wrapping around their cocks, jerking the pair slowly. Gasping in unison, the pair slowly and softly moaned together, Ginny's hands snaking around Harry's waist and pulling him closer. Biting her lip, Luna seductively waited an answer only to have Harry interrupt. "No. Let's start with you. Get things rolling on us getting robes," Harry said, brushing Luna's hand away from his and Ginny's cocks. Pushing Luna back onto the bed, Harry slid down onto his knees, gesturing for Ginny to join him. Annoyed somewhat at Harry for stopping Luna's soft and delicate strokes, Ginny slid down to her knees, her heart racing at the notion of the pair of them tag teaming Luna's sizable cock. Ginny took the initiative and wrapped her hands around the base of Luna's cock and began to jerk her back and forth, making sure her shaft was erect to full mast. Leaning forwards, she wrapped her lips around the tip of Luna's cock and plunged her mouth down her shaft, swallowing with swift ease half of Luna's cock. Gagging slightly, Ginny forced herself to take another two inches, her face burning red and her throat spasming and clenching in defence. Moaning loudly, Luna rested her hands on her best friend's head and gently began to guide her up and down her shaft, softly thrusting into Ginny's swallowing throat as saliva dribbled down her cock. The pair moaned in unison under the ever-watchful gaze of Harry. His mind was blown. He was watched his gorgeous redhead girlfriend deepthroat her gorgeous blonde best friend, all without a hint of anxious blushing. His hand latched onto his own cock as he watched the scene unfold with eager eyes. Noticing that Harry was simply watching, Ginny brushed Luna's hands away from her head and pulled her lips away from Luna's glossy, saliva slick cock. Snaking her own fingers through Harry's hair, she carefully guided him towards the blonde's engorged head, forcing his lips over her tip and pushing her cock deep into Harry's throat. Still relatively uninitiated in the world of deepthroating, Harry felt his throat seize up in response to the pressure, the tightness only spurring Ginny and now Luna's firm grip onwards. Reclining back, Luna let her free hand grasp one of her pert and delectable nipples, gently plucking and pulling on the sensitive nub, moaning as she did so. Leaving Harry to bob his head up and down along the first six inches of Luna's cock, Ginny let her lips drift downwards. Planting a soft kiss on Harry's full and bulging cheek, Ginny continued downwards, the fleeting kiss pushing through and onto Luna's cock making her gasp. Giggling at the gasp, she wrapped her lips around Luna's shaft, sliding her tongue lustily across the inches that she and Harry were unable to grace with their mouths. Dipping down to Luna's heavy balls, she took them each into her mouth, her tongue batting them back and forth as she dragged the slick muscle along her testicles. The combined pleasure of Ginny and Harry's tongues sent Luna wild, her hips thrusting forwards and deep into Harry's mouth, a seventh inch plunging deep into his unwitting throat, sending saliva dribbling down her shaft. Fighting to pull his lips of Luna's cock, Harry gasped for air. However, instead of waiting and catching his breath, he set his tongue loose on Luna's head, his tongue roaming around her bulbous tip, searching hungrily for the most sensitive parts of her engorged cockhead. Ginny plucked her lips away from Luna's balls and worked her tongue back towards Luna's tip. As she reached her head, Ginny let her tongue go wild, often over lapping with Harry's as the pair sought to pleasure every last inch of her purple head. The two tongues running rampant on her cockhead made Luna moan harder, both her hands now viciously attacking her hardened nipples to graze every last bit of pleasure from them. In a moment of passion, Ginny and Harry's lips met, Luna's head pinned between them as their tongue fought to explore each other's mouths and consequently Luna's cock. As if they were off the same mind, the two broke their kiss and began to work their way down Luna's cock, their tongues making sure that every inch was licked and lapped equally. As their mouths dropped to Luna's balls, they each took one of them in their mouths, playing and suckling on the sensitive organs with a greedy lust. Before Luna could drop a hand to her shaft, Harry and Ginny both snaked one of theirs each around her cock, gently jerking the shaft with a monotonous, but pleasurably brilliant rhythm. The feeling of their hands, each one slightly softer or coarser than the other, with a slightly tighter grip or looser movement was delectable. Combined with their eager and explorative tongues attacking her balls, left Luna in a near catatonic state. Pulling her lips away from Luna's balls, Ginny tackled her blonde friend, their bodies grinding against each other as they briefly let their lips attack one another. Watching the two girls grind and make out, Harry began to jerk himself off as the pair of them battled for dominance. Rolling Luna on top of her, Ginny walked Luna's knees to either side of her head. Wrapping her hands around Luna's thighs, Ginny pulled the blonde girl's bum down onto her face, her mouth forced firmly against Luna's arsehole. Snaking her hands around to Luna's cock, Ginny wrapped both her hands around her shaft and began to jerk her off with two hands. Prodding her tongue against Luna's asshole, Ginny traced every delectable wrinkle of her hole before finally resting against her tongue against the nook of her arse. Sliding her hands down along Luna's shaft, she used the leverage to force Luna down onto her tongue. Feeling herself open up, Luna moaned loudly as she felt Ginny's tongue plunge deep into her hole. Exploring Luna's arse as she had often done before, Ginny tried to slide her tongue deeper and deeper, often pulling her tongue out and laying the flat of her tongue against her flexing and constricted hole. Harry watched the two of them with awe, his eyes latched onto Luna's orgasm ridden face. His eyes quickly drifted down to Ginny's cock which stood proudly pointing towards the sky, a dribble of pre-cum rolling down her tip and beading as it dribbled down her shaft. Debating whether or not he should join in by mounting Ginny's cock, Harry decided he craved a different pleasure for his body. Striding over to the bed, he heard the lapping sounds of Ginny's tongue exploring Luna's hole. Wrapping his hands around Ginny's ankles, he lifted her legs, eliciting a gasp of surprise from the younger girl. Lifting and spreading her legs, he revealed her tight, winking asshole. Spitting a mouthful of saliva onto his hand, Harry jerked his cock back and forth, lubing himself up to a shining shimmer. The remaining saliva on his fingers was quickly rubbed across Ginny's constricted arse causing her to shiver slightly. Harry was certain she tried to say something, but was only muffled by Luna's taut teenage ass. Sinking his hips, Harry prodded her hole with the tip of his cock, moaning as he did so. She was ever so slightly agape (having never properly recovered from her and Luna's experimenting with the ring) allowing for Harry to slip the tip of his bulbous cock inside Ginny. The pair moaned in tandem and Harry was plunged back into a delicious world of pleasure. He hadn't felt the pleasures of having his cock surrounded by a tight ass since he and Ginny first hooked up at the World Cup and he was more than happy to be privy to those pleasures once more. Thrusting slowly but surely forwards, Harry pushed the entire length of his cock inside Ginny's arse, pressing his crotch against her hole. His balls gently slapped against her ass cheeks as he adjusted his position and draped her legs over his shoulders. Taking a grip on her waist, Harry savoured the tight warmth of her arse for one last moment before starting to softly and gently pull his cock in and out of her. Closing his eyes, he began to softly hump her ass, his balls slapping louder and louder with each slow, but deep thrust inside her. Ginny's moans were muffled almost entirely as Luna planted her bum on her face a little harder. As Harry entered Ginny, Luna had noticed the redhead starting to push against her butt, but she was having none of it, trapping the Gryffindor beneath her, forcing her tongue deeper into her sensitive arsehole. Speeding up his thrusts, Harry started to slam his cock in and out of the young Weasley's hole a form of payback for her rougher demeanour last night. Her arse was spasming and clenching around his cock as his fat cockhead pressed and pulsed against her prostate sending bursts of delectable pleasure through her body forcing her cock to stand at attention. The pleasure coursing through her body only spurred her explorative tongue onwards as it searched for the part of Luna's arse that made the young blonde writhe with equal pleasure. Her small chest rose and fell as Ginny's tongue probed deeper, leading Luna to reach down and begin to slowly and steadily jerk Ginny's pre-cum leaking cock. Pushing Ginny's legs backwards towards her head, Harry opened her wider, allowing his thrusts to push deeper into her arse, eliciting low and pleasurable moans from both of them. Sinking his cock faster and faster, Harry made the effort to dribble another mouthful of saliva down onto his cock to make everything smoother. Looking up, he was met with the orgasm ridden face of Luna, her mouth hung permanently agape. Leaning forwards whilst keeping her steady and powerful thrusts, Harry planted his lips on Luna's, pulling her forwards and into a deep kiss, their tongue exploring one another mouths with eagerness. Ginny took a hold of Luna's waist and flipped her onto her back. Squealing slightly in surprise, Luna lay on her back watching as Ginny reluctantly pulled Harry's cock out of her arse and planted a soft kiss on his lips. The two shared a whisper and a smile before Ginny turned to Luna, looming over the young Ravenclaw. Crawling over to her, Ginny pulled her hips forwards so that her arse was in line with her own cock, her bum resting on Ginny's knees, slightly elevated. Before Luna could figure out what was happening, Harry straddled her face, his ass placed directly on her face. Leaning forwards, Harry felt his cock drag along Luna's face and brush against her nose before finding her mouth. Smirking at the position, Luna took grip of his shaft, just as Harry took grip of her own cock. A little part of Ginny was excited to her two-favourite people in such a delicate and promiscuous position. Before she lost herself in the moment, she grabbed her cock at the base and used her saliva to make sure it was slick. Pressing it snugly against Luna's tight behind, she felt the girl's saliva slick arse give way, her bulbous tip worming its way pasting Luna's tight ring. As she pushed past her entrance, Ginny moaned and slid her cock swiftly forwards, filling Luna's bum up swiftly, her pubes pressing snugly against Luna's balls as her own balls bounced playfully of the lithe girl's rather flat bum. Luna moaned against Harry's cock, the vibrations sending shivers through Harry's body. Parting her lips, she let Harry's cock slide into her warm wet mouth, his tip prodding gently against the back of her throat. Swallowing dutifully, she took half his cock deep into her spasming gullet, his balls directly in front of her eyes and bouncing along her nose. Eagerly swallowing more, Luna ignored her body's reluctance to take more cock into her throat and instead guided every inch down her throat with relative ease. As her lips wrapped snugly around the base of his cock, her lips grazing his untamed pubic hair and her nose being smothered by his balls. Holding his cock there, she moved her tongue as much as she could, wrapping the slick muscle around his shaft eagerly. Harry, not wanting to be outdone laid the flat of his tongue at the base of Luna's cock, Ginny guiding him as to where his tongue should roam. Sliding his tongue up to the tip of her cock, he swiftly wrapped his lips around her head, hollowing his mouth as he suckled on her head. Moaning in response to Luna's mouth, Harry sent vibrations along her cock spurring her moans on, which in turn sent more delicious reverberations through his cock in a pleasurable and lustful cycle. Pushing his lips down her cock, Harry managed to swallow half of her shaft, his hand jerking the remaining inches steadily. Slowly moving her hips back and forth, Ginny began to fuck her friend slowly at first. Knowing from experience that Luna needed a few moments to adjust to the sizable intruder poking at her arse. As she eased her cock in and out, her balls beginning to slap and echo through the room, Ginny let her hand wander through Harry's hair, gently pushing him downwards onto Luna's cock in an attempt to help him along. Moaning, she quickly returned to her own task, thrusting in and out at a swifter pace, her thrusts jiggling Luna's breasts. Using the girl's creamy thighs as an anchor to pull her back onto her shaft, Ginny built up a swift rhythm, Luna's arse welcoming her dick with ease and swiftness. As Harry began to pull his lips back along Luna's cock, Luna decided she wanted more. Lifting her legs without disturbing Ginny's deep and powerful thrusts, the thin blonde wrapped them around Harry's neck, forcing his head further down his throat. As much as she could, Luna thrust into Harry's mouth, her cock plunging deeper into his mouth than before. Deepthroating nine inches, Harry felt himself gag and splutter uncontrollably as he tried to get some air. Ginny moaned loudly as Luna shifted her position. By lifting her legs, she opened her hole up wider allowing Luna to get deeper and deeper inside her. The pleasures surrounding her cock almost pushed her towards the edge, but she held off savour each tight thrust. Without missing a beat, Luna continued to deepthroat Harry's entire length, all the while thrusting into his throat, hoping to squeeze one last inch inside. Her entire body was rippling with pleasure. Each thrust she made into Harry's deliciously tight and welcoming throat was amplified with another burst of pleasure from her arse as Ginny's cock slid right up against her prostate, massaging it delicately, but with enough pleasure to elicit gargled moans from the blonde Ravenclaw. Saliva was dribbling down her cock as Harry conceded to her advances. Allowing her to use his throat, he watched as Ginny's cock became a blur, pushing In and out of her asshole, stretching the tight hole with each pound she made. Luna pushed Harry of the top her, causing him to gasp for air and wipe the saliva away from his throat. Pulling Ginny's cock out of her arse, Luna swiftly lowered her mouth to the tip and forced her dick deep into her own mouth. Giving Ginny's cock a few passes with her lips, she savoured the taste of herself mingling with the taste of Ginny's cock before turning her attention towards Harry. Grabbing him by the hips, Luna flipped him onto his hands and knees before slapping her cock in between Harry's cheeks, grinding her shaft against his ass crack for a few moments before saying, "Has Ginny deflowered you Harry? I would hate to hurt you." "Oh, I have. He's loosened up for you," Ginny smiled, leaning down and kissing Harry softly before leaning over him and doing the same to Luna. Ginny's cock bounced across Harry's face as he tried to ready himself for the thick cock that was grazing his arse hole, "And Luna… Don't let up. Harry likes it rough." "Eh, Gin…" Harry started, trying to correct her. Despite being new to getting fucked in the ass, he had discovered that he quite enjoyed it. A highlight of the night before was definitely when Ginny went a little rougher with him, but he didn't want everyone to now. However, before he could correct her, Ginny pressed her cock against his lips and thrust into his mouth, his words muffled by the sound of her cock pushing against his throat. As she moaned, Ginny smirked in response and smirked, "Open wide…" Grabbing the base of her cock, still slick with Harry's saliva, Luna angled her cock so that her bulbous head was resting against Harry's ass. Try as he might, his ass was still a little agape from Ginny's acute attention the previous night. Pushing forwards, Luna managed to squirm her cock inside his bum. Feeling himself open up, Harry groaned loudly, the sound slightly muffled by the tip of Ginny's cock. His eyes rolled into the back of his head as Luna hit her stride, easing her cock in without any difficulty. Slowly, but surely, she managed to force her entire length inside his bum. Resting her crotch against his bum, she let him adjust to the large cock, savouring the unbelievable tight sensations of his arse. Ginny then took her turn. Grabbing Harry by the neck, Ginny slowly and gently guided his mouth along her cock. As seven inches slipped past his throat, Harry felt his throat tighten up and gag. Settling for that amount, Ginny started to lazily thrust in and out of Harry's throat, saliva pooling and pouring from his mouth as she felt her tip smack back and forth against his throat. Moaning around her shaft, Harry only spurred her own as she gently began to fuck his mouth, her hips swaying sexily as she did. There was a graceful and fluid grace to her movement her soft and delicate womanly moans spurring Harry onwards. Starting to draw her hips back, Luna let her entire cock pull out of his arse leaving only the tip remaining before preparing to 'properly' start fucking Harry. Gripping Harry's waist, Luna with one swift and powerful thrust, Luna filled the entirety of Harry's arse in a single second. Harry's eyes flew open as he felt his breath get taken away. His ass stretched and flexed to accommodate as a massive slapping sound filled the room. The combined slap of her balls against his and her crotch against his cheeks echoed as Luna savoured the delicious pleasure of the hard and quick thrust. Simply divine. Keeping her thrusts slow and hard, Luna savoured every delicious morsel of pleasure that his arse could give, her cock pressing snugly against his prostate, mashing it hard with each thrust. The slaps of her fucking combined with the soft suckling sounds of Ginny's cock sliding in and out of his slick throat filled the room, each pleasured groan spurring them on. Building a rhythm, the two began to speed up. Keeping the same power and strength of her thrusts, Luna began to speed up. Moving swiftly in and out, the slapping sounds echoing with each powerful pound. Slamming her cock in and out of his arse, Luna let her eyes close. Glistening with sweat, she kept the straining pace, wincing with pleasure as she fucked him harder and harder. Ginny lost herself in the pleasure of Harry's mouth, speeding up, pounding against the throat. Finally, Harry's throat gave away. The entirety of Ginny's cock sank into Harry forcing his eyes wide open as she filled him to the brim. Filled with cock at either end, Harry struggled against the two girls. With her balls resting against his chin, Ginny moaned loudly and began to start fuck his throat with speed. As the three of them built up a rhythm -Harry more limp than anything, being used at either end by the two girls- they all felt their cocks twitch and spasm as they neared their orgasm. Each thrust whether it be deep into Harry's arse or into his tight and clutching throat brought everyone nearer to their end. Harry, on the receiving end of two hungry and eager cocks felt his own cock harden and twitch, each thrust into his arse milking his prostate for as much pleasure as it could give. Ginny's cock gave him less pleasure and yet he still felt that twinge of eroticism from having his girlfriend be balls deep in his throat. With one last thrust, Luna felt her cock spasm and give way. Burying herself up to the hilt inside Harry, she unloaded her orgasm into his arse. Moaning and groaning as she did, she felt her body convulse slightly as waves and waves of pleasure washed over her body. Ginny wasn't far behind. Grabbing Harry's head with two hands, she pushed all thoughts from her mind and thrust faster and faster into Harry's mouth. Forgetting that it was Harry and instead resigning to the notion that it was just a throat for her to use. Pounding, she thrust one last time and felt herself cum deep into his throat. Spurting several long strands of cum deep into his stomach, Ginny held his mouth there for a moment longer as she revealed in the tight warmth of his gullet. Harry felt the two girls unload inside him and as their cocks softened in their respective holes, his own cock twitched into life, spurting a couple strands of cum across the bed sheets below him. Collapsing onto his stomach, he lay there, the taste of Ginny lingering in his mouth and the remnants of Luna still filling his bum to the brim. "We need to do this more often," Ginny panted as she rolled onto her back, reclining against the pillows on the bed. Watching her sweat slick breasts rise and fall, she tried her best to catch her breath. Glancing over at Harry, she watched him wipe a bead of cum away from his mouth as she stumbled to his feet. As he staggered around for a moment, she spied a dribble of cum seeping down the inside of his leg from Luna's deposit deep in his arse. "Agreed," Harry sighed, offering a hand to Luna and hoisting her to her feet. Wrapping her arms around Harry, she steadied herself. The sight of their bodies pressed together almost breathed life back in Ginny's cock, "Luna, where are your robes?" "Back in my dorm-room of course," Luna responded, taking a seat on the edge of the bed as Ginny and Harry stared at him with vacant and bewildered expressions. Smiling blankly, Luna was confused as to why they were looking at her with such looks. "Wait, what? I thought you said you have robes?" Harry exclaimed, sharing a stunned and confused look with Ginny who sat up bolt right, only to realise what Luna had actually meant when she said she had robes. "Yes, and they are back in my dorm," Luna explained with a dreamy smile. "So, you don't have any clothes with you? You said you stripped down when you saw we were naked? You didn't want to be the odd one out?" Ginny asked trying to make exact sense of what they agreed upon. "Did I. I can't quite recall," Luna said as the two Gryffindor's rose to their feet and walked to the end of the bed, holding one another's hands in their own, "I walked here naked. I don't think I enjoy walking the castle whilst naked. Gives me the shivers." "Great. So, we have no clothes and I have the Weighing of the Wands in ten minutes…" Harry exclaimed pacing back and forth as he tried to formulate a plan. "Well, classes should have started now, so we might be okay," Ginny argued as she grabbed his hand and bolted towards the door hoping to catch that golden moment of empty corridors and hopefully get back to the Gryffindor common room with little exposure. What they would do when they got to the common room was a mystery, but they swiftly left Luna behind. Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that. I must say; the grouping of Harry/Ginny/Luna is one of my favourites and I really enjoyed writing this chapter. Let me know what you think and what pairings you'd like to see in future chapters. Feedback and suggestions are always especially welcome and I read every review! Also, don't forget to vote in the poll for the girl you want to feature in the next unrelated shemale one-shot. If you haven't read the top Author's Note I suggest you do if you want to learn more about the plan! In response to the review asking for a table with the girl's dimensions, I fully intend to do so. However, it will take a bit of time to get it right and figure out all the ratios. Know that it's on the way, but might take a fair while. I don't want to sacrifice writing time to make the table, because then it'll take even longer to write a chapter! The next chapter is another popular pairing and I won't spoil just who it is. But I will say the French are deliciously saucy ;) Till next time!
[Author's Note: Thanks for the feedback on the last chapter. I'm glad to see everyone has the same opinion of the threesome as I did. Absolutely love them! Also, thanks for everyone who has been and is voting in the poll. It is still open and will remain open for the time being. For those not in the know, the poll is for the first one-shot featuring characters that won't be in this story. Onto this chapter! And we take a trip to France with Gabrielle and Fleur. I absolutely love the two of them and can't wait to start writing their chapter. (I write the author's note before the story). So, I hope everyone will enjoy it and let me know if you enjoy it! Reviews and PM's really do spur me onto writing. Genuinely. A small review can do wonders. The only reason I came back to this story was because of one little review, so you have no idea how much I appreciate them. Chapter 12: French Bliss "Ma soeur…" Gabrielle purred, rolling onto her belly as she woke from her slumber. Waking to find her bed empty and her sister standing across the room in only a thin silk robe. Her back was turned to the younger Delacour as she inspected her face in the mirror, her nerves a little rattled after the announcement of her participation in the Triwizard Tournament. She had the Weighing of the Wands in a few hours and it had finally hit the gorgeous blonde that she was doing this. Playfully bouncing her heels of her young, but surprisingly plump bum, Gabrielle lay nude as she always did and called out to her sister, "revenir au lit..." "In a moment…" Fleur replied, glancing backwards towards her nude and promiscuous younger sister and smiling. She felt her own cock between her legs begin to harden at the sight of her soft, young and supple form. No doubt Gabrielle would grow into another attractive Delacour girl. Chances are she would be more gorgeous than Fleur herself. She certainly had the makings of a bombshell. "What iz bothering you?" Gabrielle asked, rolling of the side of the bed and strolling around to her sister. Gabrielle, budding small breasts barely bounced with her movements, but her cock, now hard and erect at seven inches was bouncing eagerly between her legs. Her body was hairless, not because of her age, but instead the nature of her Veela heritage. A blessing of Veela blood. Both her and Fleur were as smooth as you'd like with a permanent pale and hairless form. Walking around behind her sister, Gabrielle barely came up to her sister's shoulder. Snaking her arms around Fleur's waist, Gabrielle's hands wandered along her older sister's hourglass figure. Resting her hands gently on her sister's rounded hips, Gabrielle began to gently sway back and forth, grinding her body softly against Fleur's as she began to kiss across the outside of her robe. Rolling her eyes, Fleur couldn't help, but smirk as she began to sway her hips in tandem with her sisters, the soft fleeting kiss, although on the outside of her robe, still making her sense sing with arousal. "Ze Tournament… I do not know what ze first task vill be," Fleur said nervously. Despite her demeanour during the announcement of the champions, she was probably the most nervous out of all the champions. Her heart was racing as she strode to the Trophy Room, her nerves not aided by the fact that nearly every single pair of eyes in the Great Hall were latched onto her delectably plump derriere, perfectly framed and teased in her carefully made Beauxbatons outfit. Men and women had that natural desire to stare and to fantasise about her delicious body. It made acquisitioning sexual favours easily. When she matured and was in need of sexual stimulation almost every day, she had her choice of people to go to. Almost every girl at Beauxbatons was weak to her Veela advances and she could have her choice of ass to play with. That was until Gabrielle grew a little older and the pair became almost too eager to fuck one another whenever possible. "Zen what is ze point of worrying? Come back to bed…" Gabrielle whispered, her last word enunciated by her hand sliding into the folds of Fleur's silky robe and wrapping delicately around the thick base of her sister's throbbing and now fully erect cock. Gasping silently at her sister's comparatively small hand, Fleur bit her lip, her eyes gazing into Gabrielle's, their gaze locked on one another through the mirror. As Fleur opened her mouth to speak, Gabrielle began to gently jerk her hand back and forth, all the way along her shaft until she arrived at her sister's notably bulbous cockhead. Coating her hand in the liberal amounts of pre-cum that Fleur's cock produced Gabrielle began to steadily and slowly move her hand up and down, pulling back Fleur's foreskin with each soft and meaningful jerk. Every moment of her hand silence Fleur's attempts at speak, replacing them with supple, delicate moans. Finally, the older Delacour managed to breathe a few impassioned words between her moans. "I need to prepare," she panted softly, her eyes rolling closed as she succumbed to Gabrielle's devilish maneuverers. Despite her young age, Gabrielle had grown up smart and she was trickily naughty. She always knew how to wrap Fleur around her finger, although Fleur always knew just how to get a one up on her sister. There was no distinctive dominant between the two, with the pair serving more as a duo than having one sister be obviously better skilled. Gabrielle still had a lot to learn in the specifics of sexual intercourse, but she was definitely keen eyed when it came to casting her wily Veela charms. "And how vill you prepare for something zat you do not know?" Gabrielle asked, tightening her grip on Fleur's cock and using her shaft to pull the older girl round to face her. Smiling, the sisters shared a look before Gabrielle pushed herself up onto her tip toes. Pressing her lips against' Fleur's, the pair shared a short, but passionate kiss, Fleur chasing Gabrielle's lips as she pulled away. Smirking at her sister, Gabrielle glanced down at the hard cock in her hands and smiled. Fleur couldn't help but chuckle at her sister. Looking down at her, there was just something about her naughty demeanour that reminded Fleur of when she was her age. Her reminiscing however was cut short as she felt two soft lips press against the tip of her cock, stealing her breath away. Before Fleur could object, Gabrielle's lips began to descend on Fleur's cock. Moving steadily downwards, her eyes locked on the flat hairless crotch of her sister, Gabrielle started to swallow every inch of Fleur's glorious cock. Despite being only a quarter Veela, Fleur was blessed with one of the Veela's most desirable attributes. A long thick cock. Standing at twelve inches long, her cock was one of the biggest at Beauxbatons. And Gabrielle adored it. Even though she had a rather small stature and was quite young, no one could handle Fleur's cock better than Gabrielle. Learning over a few years how to deepthroat the entire shaft and how to take it with ease in her still delectably tight arse, Gabrielle made good use of every delicious inch of Fleur's cock. "I vill have to find from ze other champions…" Fleur moaned, her hand moving to rest on her sister's head only to be brushed aside. Taken aback slightly, Fleur smiled at her sister. Pushing Fleur backwards against the wall, Gabrielle smiled with a mouthful of cock. Deep throating about half of the thick pulsing cock, Gabrielle rested her hands on each of Fleur's taut thighs and forced the last half of cock into her mouth. Having easily been able to deepthroat the mystery cock at the Gloryhole, Gabrielle didn't miss a beat as the last six inches pushed past her throat. Moaning as all twelve inches sat in her tight little gullet, Gabrielle savoured the achievement for a moment, leaving the imprint of her pink lipstick neatly around the base of Fleur's cock. Pulling her lips back along Fleur's cock, she pulled her mouth of entirely, regained her composure and looked up at her sister. "And how might you do zat?" Gabrielle purred a suggestive and promiscuous look on her face. Her hands were both wrapped around her sister's cock dutifully jerking her mammoth shaft back and forth. Biting her lip, she watched as Fleur realised what she meant and giggled, surprised at her younger sister's naughty demeanour. Before she could speak however, Gabrielle's mouth was back on her cock, greedily sucking on the first half of her cock, her head bobbing up and down swiftly, her blonde locks becoming a blur as her tongue snaked around Fleur's shaft with ease and a fervent eagerness. "So naughty! I can't just sleep with zem all… ze will know what I am doing," Fleur explained, reclining against the wall, leaning her head back as she savoured every morsel of pleasure her sister was providing. She felt her tiny hands drop down to her balls, gently massaging them. Her cock was a beautiful thing to see alongside her hairless sack. It was one of the factors that made it so easy to get people to sleep with her. Most people were simply attracted by how gorgeous her cock looked. Plunging Fleur's cock deep into her throat once more, Gabrielle deepthroated her entire length again. Letting her throat contract around her sister's cock (just as Fleur had taught her), Gabrielle dribbled a small amount of saliva down across her crotch, using it to lubricate the girl's balls, turning Fleur's testicles to a gleaming shimmer. "Zen don't go after ze champions. Go after zere friends. Zat redheaded boy zat always stands around with 'Arry. And ze bushy 'aired girl. Ze wouldn't suspect a ting…" Gabrielle breathed as she pulled her lips of Fleur's cock once more and began to jerk her hands speedily up and down her cock. Biting her lip, Gabrielle found herself falling under the desirable influence of Fleur's cock. Wrapping her lips back around her shaft, she let her tongue loose on her tip, wrapping it around her delicious purple head. Grazing her tongue against the most sensitive portions of Fleur's cock, Gabrielle thrust her throat down on Fleur one last time before pulling away. "Perhaps…" Fleur smiled as Gabrielle rose back to her feet. The sight of her nude sister, a drop of saliva rolling down her chin made her cock twitch in excitement. Before she could say anything more, Gabrielle leant up and pressed her lips against Fleur's. Tasting her own cock on Gabrielle's tongue, Fleur moaned into her sister's mouth spurring Gabrielle to moan in response. Moving to wrap her arms around Gabrielle and pull her deeper into the kiss, Fleur felt her young sister push away and bounce across the room to the bed. The room they were in was aboard their carriage and due to Fleur's status as Champion, she was upgraded to a much glossier room. Blue drapes, white walls and silver trim were laden in the room and it was larger than three of the other girl's rooms combined. In the back was silver bathtub, plenty big enough for the two Delacours. And laid out on one of the dressers were Fleur's and Gabrielle's collective sex toy collection. However, neither of them had any interest in those toys this morning. Not yet… "Zen why don't we practice." Gabrielle giggled as she reclined on the bed, flashing her pert, delectable bum cheeks towards Fleur. Reaching a hand down, she spread her cheeks a little wider, her winking asshole teasing the older girl. Chuckling at her sister's promiscuity, Fleur began to advance on the young girl, her mind rampant with ideas as to punish the young whore of a sister she had cultivated. "Oh, you are insatiable Madame Delacour…" Fleur smiled as she stood at the end of the bed. The pair had fallen asleep in each other's arms after a long and pleasurable session the previous night. Much like Ginny, Gabrielle employed the same tactics to distract her sister from the tasks ahead. Only instead of fucking Fleur like Ginny did, Gabrielle opted to allow her sister to do everything she pleased with her young nubile body. And with any hope, this morning would be an extension of that perverted sexual escapade. Pulling aside her robe, Fleur slipped the silky garment to the floor, revealing her entire nude form to her sister. Unable to help herself, the younger Delacour dropped a hand to her own cock, softly jerking it back and forth as she ogled the perfect frame of her sister, instinctively biting her lip as she did so. Fleur had the perfect proportions. Her breasts were plump, yet hung on her body perfectly without sag. One could accuse her of having implants, but they were real in their entirety adding to her sexy demeanour. Her nipples had already rose to erect peaks, capping her tits of her delectably. Her stomach was flat and toned, with her hips rounding into her astoundingly delightful ass. There was a reason why every head in the corridors would turn to look at her as she walked past and her arse was even better unleashed. Her twelve-inch cock was glossy with saliva and hung down alongside her thighs. Long and slender, her legs would often catch the gaze of passers-by. Unlike her fellow Beauxbatons, Fleur neglected to wear any tights, opting to flash her creamy legs at any chance she got. Advancing on Gabrielle, swaying her hips ever so slightly, Fleur began to crawl across the bed. Taking Gabrielle's hands in hers, Fleur pinned the younger girl's arms above her head, a devilish smile on her face as she looked down at the defenceless young girl. Before she could speak however, Fleur dove at Gabrielle's face, her lips finding hers softly and yet with a powerful lust. Melting into her sister's lips, Gabrielle allowed Fleur's tongue to slip into her mouth, her own tongue defenceless and the older sister expertly darted her tongue back and forth. Pulling away, breathless, Fleur couldn't help but giggle as she looked into her sister's eyes. Sinking her hips downwards, she ground her larger cock against Gabrielle's seven inches, both of them moaning as their shafts rubbed against each other. Thrusting downwards a few more times, Fleur finally began to move down to suck her sister's cock. As she descended along Gabrielle's body, Fleur attacked the young girl's nipples. Sucking gently on each of her sensitive tips, Fleur made sure they were coated in slick saliva and erect to their fullest capacity. Her hands grasped the soft budding mounds that were Gabrielle's tiny tits and smeared the saliva across her pale sensitive flesh. Planting soft kisses down along her stomach, Fleur arrived at the young girl's shaven crotch, her cock brushing against her cheek. Running her hands up along Gabrielle's legs, Fleur let one hand grasp the base of her seven-inch cock and let one hand collect Gabrielle's balls. Firmly, but tenderly, Fleur squeezed the incredibly sensitive organs, eliciting a soft groan of pleasurable pain from the young Delacour. That pain was swarmed by pleasure as Fleur expertly began to jerk her hand up and down Gabrielle's cock, milking a couple beads of pre-cum from her pale and delicious tip. Giving her sister one last lustful look in the eyes, Fleur leant down and flicked her tongue across her sensitive tip. Tasting the sweet pre-cum on her sister's cock made Fleur moan as she let her tongue continue lapping wildly across the sensitive head of Gabrielle's dick. Every calculated and incredibly pleasurable flick of Fleur tongue made Gabrielle moan and writhe. Keeping her sister pinned beneath her, Fleur knelt greedily licking every inch of her tip. Looking down, Gabrielle was faced with the gorgeous view of her sister, her curved bum pushed upwards behind her for the younger girl to ogle. Parting her lips, Fleur managed with ease to swallow every inch of her sisters comparatively smaller cock. Her eyes flew open as her entire length disappeared into Fleur's expertly trained and deliciously warm tight throat. Leaving her own lipstick mark around the base of her cock, Fleur held the girl's cock in her throat whilst her tongue snaked and traced along the base of her shaft. Tightening her throat, Fleur made the young girl breathe in sharply as pleasure surged through her body. Smirking with her mouthful of cock, Fleur tried something, she had only done once with a fellow school mate. Her hand wrapped around Gabrielle's balls and pulled them upwards. Due to her skilled and trained mouth, she opened her lips wide and managed to envelop on of the young girl's small balls with her lips. Gasping as she felt both her cock and one of her balls become sucked inside her older sister's mouth. Excited inside that she was skilled enough to pull such a sultry act off, Fleur brushed the feeling aside and popped her testicle out and let it drop back into place. Holding her shaft steady with her thumb and fore-finger, Fleur began to bob her head up and down slowly at first, carefully making sure each of her lusty sucks was as erotic looking as possible. The simple act of pleasure was only half the battle. Looking good whilst doing it could make even the most impotent person cum near instantly. Moving her lips back and forth, she made sure to flash her sister several naughty looks, whilst her hands roamed the young girl's sexually sensitive body. Playing once again with her nipples, Fleur gently pinched them sending a sharp burst of pain which stood deliciously in contrast with the pleasure that surged through her tiny body. Not wanting to be outdone by her sister, Gabrielle sought a more dominant role. Wrapping her left leg around Fleur's neck, Gabrielle kept her cock sank entirely inside her sister's mouth and rolled so that she was straddling her sister's head. Planting Fleur's head snugly between her thighs, Gabrielle ran her fingers sexily through Fleur's hair and watched the older girl's eyes roll in annoyance. Gabrielle always made a point of vying for dominance. It became somewhat of a game for the pair as each one would seek the dominant role. It made sex very interesting as they were constantly shifting back and forth. However, it sometimes left Fleur a little annoyed as she would build up a slow and sexy rhythm only to be flipped on her back and used. Thrusting into Fleur's mouth, Gabrielle savoured the new position, but only for a moment. Due to being older, Fleur had the strength advantage. Grabbing Gabrielle by the ankles, she spun her so that her young, pretty face was planted between Fleur's thighs, eye to eye with her cock. In a new sixty-nine position, Gabrielle chuckled before dutifully getting to work. Pushing Fleur's cock inside her mouth, she swiftly deepthroated the entire length once more, just as her sister was doing with her own cock. The pair moaned in unison, although their moans were muffled by the other's cock. The constant stream of moans sent bursts of vibrations along each cock spurring the pleasured sisters on to moan more and more. As Fleur looked upwards, she was met with the rather plump view of her sister's behind. Knowing full well that Gabrielle derived more pleasure from her cute little arse, Fleur lifted her hands up to peel apart the young girl's cheeks. As soon as she felt her flesh get pried apart, Gabrielle knew what was coming. Glancing over to the dresser upon which her plethora of sex toys lay, Fleur summoned a particular toy silently and with only her hand. The toy flew into her grasp and was swiftly pressed snugly against Gabrielle's tight behind. It was a long silver dildo, embossed with the Beauxbatons crest (at Fleur's behest). Standing at around eight inches, the toy was a perfect warm up for what was about to come. Silently, she cast a lubrication spell causing the dildo to suddenly shimmer before Fleur plunged it swiftly and mercilessly deep into her sister. Buried up to the hilt, the toy elicited a deep groan of both pain and pleasure from the young French girl. Letting her sister adjust to the intruder, Fleur returned her hands to the young girls' thighs, massaging them as the toy began to move of its own volition. Charmed to thrust in and out of Gabrielle's tight derriere, the dildo began to slowly shift in and out, build up speed and rhythm. Continuing to suck the young girl's cock, Fleur sped her lips along, deepthroating her with ease and swiftness. Gabrielle's body was seized with pleasure. She pulled her mouth away from Fleur's cock, filling the room with her moans and soft whimpers of pleasure. She felt every polished inch of the silver dildo plunge deep inside her and all she could think was how much she wanted it replaced with her sister's thick, long cock. Rolling off of Fleur, Gabrielle reclined on the bed and removed the dildo, breaking the charm and tossing it to one side. Licking her finger, she lowered it to her arse and coated her asshole with her saliva before lifting her legs behind her head. Her gymnastic ability made her remarkably supple and limber. Pinning her legs behind her head, she spread her arse wide, her hole shimmering glossy and enticing. Winking at her sister, Gabrielle moaned lustily, much to her sister's approval, "Fuck me ma soeur. Fuck me 'ard…" The enticing position in which her sister now lay was enough to convince anyone to fuck her. Jerking her cock as she advanced, Fleur bit her lip. Running her hand over Gabrielle's thighs, Fleur dipped her fingers down to the young girl's arsehole and pushed It in with ease. The dildo had opened her up enough for a good fucking, much to Fleur's delight. Normally, someone would wince at the idea of such a large cock plunging deep into such a small girl, but Gabrielle had trained well. The first few months of the sister's sexual experiments were spent with Gabrielle tenderly and slowly moving up and down Fleur's cock. However, it wasn't long before the young girl grew so accustomed that she could slam her arse up and down on her older sister with relative ease. Grabbing the tip of her cock, Fleur pressed it snugly against the tight, constricted hole of her sister. Leaning forwards, she captured one swift kiss before thrust half of her cock deep inside Gabrielle's arse. Wincing slightly, Gabrielle let out a long a lusty groan, smiling as pleasure took over her body. Smiling together, the sisters shared a moment of calm before Fleur slowly thrust the remaining six inches of her cock deep inside Gabrielle. Gasping as the last inch pushed deep inside her, Gabrielle was soothed by the feeling of Fleur's shaven crotch against her hole and tender graze of the older woman's balls against her cheeks. Moaning with each other, Fleur savoured the sensation of being balls deep in her sister once again. The position in which Gabrielle lay meant she was a little looser than normal, but that wasn't saying much. She was filled to the brim with cock. Slowly starting to thrust back and forth, Fleur allowed her sister to adjust to the mammoth cock that was thrust deep inside her tight, young arse. Moaning again and again, the pair gently gyrated against each other until Fleur took the next step. Winking at her sister devilishly, she drew her hips all the way back until only the bulbous, sensitive tip remained wrapped snugly in her arse. With one long, swiftly push, she plunged her entire shaft back inside Gabrielle. Wrapping her arms around her sister's neck, Gabrielle's breath was taken away. Her legs fell away from behind her head and instead wrapped tightly around Fleur's waist. Fleur began to thrust fast and deep into Gabrielle, moving about five inches in and out before moving her entire length in and out. Building up a delicious rhythm, the pair began to sweat, their glistening body grinding against one another as Fleur thrust deeper and deeper in Gabrielle's eager and pleasure-ridden bum. Snaking her arms under Gabrielle's legs, Fleur lifted her up from the bed, keeping her impaled her massive cock. Carrying the young girl away from the bed, the pair locked in a passionate kiss. Pushing the girl against the wall, Fleur pinned her there, supported by her legs. Wrapping them back around Fleur's waist, Gabrielle started to feel the older girl thrust up and down, pounding her. The new position allowed Fleur to move a little quicker and get a little deeper. As she sped up, the symphony of pleasurable sounds filled the room. The pleasured moans of the two girls, the smacking sounds of the older girl's balls against Gabrielle's cheeks and the slapping of flesh against flesh. An idea popped into Gabrielle's head as she cast a glance towards the dresser beside her. Her wand was sitting there, waiting for her. Grasping it, Fleur stopped for a moment, curious as to what she was going to do. A small wave and suddenly she realised. The silver dildo from before was poised at her arsehole, ready to push deep inside. Casting her sister, a devilish smirk, Fleur felt her arsehole open and accept the toy. The plunge into her bum, forced her hips forwards and deeper into Gabrielle. Due to her inexperience in the realms of magic, Gabrielle didn't have the luxury of simply charming the dildo to move of its own volition. Instead, she gestured with her wand to make the movements happen, resulting in clunky and uneven movement. But still immensely pleasurable. The pair built a rhythm. Everytime Fleur thrust deep into Gabrielle, she would pull the dildo slowly out of her and would push it back in as Fleur pulled her cock backwards. Hammering into her sister, Fleur felt herself nearing her end. The addition to her arsehole was speeding her orgasm along, much the same as Gabrielle. Her sister's more frantic thrusts were causing her prostate to go into overload. Moaning loudly, Gabrielle couldn't keep up with Fleur's furious pounding. Lost in her own words, she kept slamming back and forth into the young girl, consumed by a pleasurable haze. Unable to continue her work with the dildo, Gabrielle dropped her wand and watched as the dildo dropped to the floor as well. Losing the dildo broke Fleur from her frantic haze, bringing her back to reality and to her horny little sister. Throwing Gabrielle back onto the bed, Fleur watched her tight arsehole constrict once again. Joining her back on the bed, Fleur lay beside the young girl, wrapping her arm around her should. Gabrielle took a hold of her own cock, jerking herself to completion whilst also, running her hands up and Fleur's cock to bring her to her end. The pair were about to cum, their heads turning to face one another. Kissing each other passionately, the pair battled for dominance, lipstick marks being left across both of their faces as they threw away any sense of purposeful movement, instead opting for chaotic erotic passion. Fleur, however, had one last trick. Waving her hand, she summoned the silver dildo from before. Guiding it through the air, she rested the tip of the toy against her own arsehole, before letting it thrust inside her of her own accord. Moaning as the toy shifted back and forth inside her, Fleur barely had enough conscious unpleased thought to summon a second dildo. Identical In design, the second dildo was instead ten inches long, a more fitting size for Gabrielle's more exhausted arse. Consumed in kissing her sister, Gabrielle barely felt the toy until it forced itself against her hole. Glancing down at it, she accepted it, letting her arse loosen to fit the toy. The toy filled her up instantly, sending her into a fit of moans. Forgoing their kissing, the pair simply reclined, letting their respective toys plunder their arse, speeding up on their own to milk more pleasure from their bodies. Gabrielle's hands continued to jerk both her and Fleur's cocks, their orgasms teetering on the edge as they both longed to spray their full loads across one another. Gently thrusting into her sisters' hand, Fleur felt her cock twitch and spasm, pleasure coursing all along her cock. Several long strands of cum spurted across her stomach and her sister's hand, a few last dribbles seeping down and over Gabrielle's soft hand. Her own cock wasn't far behind as she unloaded an admittedly smaller, but more violent orgasm. Her strands of cum shot loose and coated her own breasts and even landing on Fleur's delicious tits. As they pair rode out their orgasm in unison, milking the last drops of cum from one another, they fell backwards and sighed. Content. For now… "So, when will you start on 'Arry's friends?" Gabrielle asked as she used her wand to lift a towel over from a pile. Gently wiping the cum away from her body, she turned to Fleur and gently began to clean her sister up. Wiping down each of their cocks, Gabrielle tossed the towel aside and wrapped her arms around her sister, gently laying aside her, her leg snaking in between Fleur's. "After ze Weight of ze Wands… I might start being a leetle suggestive at ze meeting…" Fleur thought, thinking of exactly how she was going to make the advance. She wasn't certain as to who she should start with. The redhead boy seemed a little dim-witted and would possibly be more inclined to reveal any knowledge. However, the bushy-haired girl was definitely the brains and was more likely to know. "Do you need me to do anything?" Gabrielle asked, her mind running rampant with the multitude of sexual possibilities she could charm the pair into. Even though she was a little young, she still had her wily ways of sex and could easily entice anyone into fucking her hard or letting her fuck them. She managed to charm (or rather trick) Hermione into sucking her off at the Gloryhole. "Non… you need to stop being such a zexual obsessed minx…" Fleur smirked, tracing her fingers along her sister's tiny frame, eliciting a giggle from the young girl. The number of times her older sister had said that to her only to encourage her sexual endeavours were countless. "Well, if I am not needed," Gabrielle chuckled, rolling Fleur onto her stomach. Pinning her soft and sizable cock between the bed and her stomach, Fleur tried to look back at her sister. She could already feel the young girl's cock hardening between her cheeks and she lazily thrust back and forth, using her plump bum for stimulation. Before Fleur could look around, Gabrielle grabbed her hair and whispered in her ear, "Zen, it is my turn on top…" Before Fleur could object, Gabrielle grasped the base of her cock and pushed the tip past Fleur's tight ring. Funnily enough, due to Fleur's rather persuasive nature, she rarely had cocks inside her arse, resulting in her being remarkably tight. However, Gabrielle was somewhat forceful with her entrance. Sinking her hips downwards, Gabrielle sank the entirety of her cock deep into Fleur's tight clutching arse. Pressing her hairless crotch against the older Delacour's bum, Gabrielle moaned. Her previous orgasm made her cock immensely more sensitive, resulting in that simple balls deep thrust bringing her to the verge of another orgasm. Fleur however, was less enthusiastic, crying out, "Ah! Gabrielle! Lubrication!" "Ven 'ave you every needed lubrication?" Gabrielle purred in Fleur's ear before lifting her hips and slamming back into her sister's arse. Wincing at a slight twinge of pain, Fleur couldn't help but moan like some common whore as her sister's cock plunged deep inside her. The slapping sound of Gabrielle's balls against her own filled the room as Gabrielle clumsily and passionately pounded into her behind. The younger sibling was yet to learn the erotic intimacies of fucking someone and not being fucked. A lesson that Fleur had every intention to teach her over the course of the coming year. "Zat is not ze point… ah fuck it. Fuck me 'arder!" Fleur conceded, resting her head on her arms as she slowly began to enjoy the rough fucking she was receiving. Gabrielle's cock was constantly leaking pre-cum, lubricating their fuck session as it continued. Moaning in tandem, the two sisters filled the room with the delicious chorus of their lovemaking. The walls of the carriage weren't nearly as sound proof as the girls would like, but that didn't bother them. The other girls lusted after the pair of them due to their natural pheromones. They had caught a couple girls diddling themselves to the sounds of the Delacours sex a few times before. And of-course they had indulged a few girls' fantasies of being with the pair of them, much to the two sister's immense pleasures. Consumed with pleasure, the two fucked again and again that morning. Cum coating their bodies time and time again. Weary and tired, Fleur finally stumbled to the door dressed in her uniform leaving a tired and rather broken Gabrielle collapsed on the bed covered in cum. Fleur was unsure as to when the younger girl fell asleep. However, Fleur had spent the last fifteen minutes slamming her cock into the girl's backdoor. It never dawned on her that the girl had fallen asleep halfway through, leaving Fleur to use her willing unconscious hole for her own pleasure. Staggering through the carriage, the blonde bombshell made her way to the Weighing of the Wands. Author's Note: I don't know about you, but that is one of my favourites so far. I don't know what it is, but I enjoyed writing it so much. That's why you have it so soon after the last. It usually takes me a couple weeks, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't pull myself away from writing this one! I think now that the story is in full swing, there is no need to have chapters introducing characters to the ideas of shemales. Now, I can just write the smut without any need to establish stuff. I love it! That's my waffle over! Hope you guys did enjoy it though. Please let me know. Reviews always keep stories alive. Believe me! The next chapter is yet another hotly anticipated one with a lot of people asking after it. My plan for it indicates it might be a little longer than usual. So, it might take a while longer as a result. Still, should be a lot of fun! Till next time. P.S. The poll is still open!
Author's Note: Hey guys. A new day, a new chapter. And this one is a doozy. Featuring a rather saucy character that I've wanted to write about for a fair while. In fact, she was intended to be the starring girl of the third one-shot at the start of this series, before it became a fully-fledged story. I'll let you guess who it is ;) As always, feedback is much appreciated. PM's and reviews really help me keep writing! Just a few words go a long way. And to all those wanting Fleur and Gabrielle to have their way with Harry, I'll say, all in due time. Also, the poll is still open for the starring girl for the next unrelated one-shot. It will remain open until chapter 14 is released, so make sure you vote! Anyways, onto the chapter and a series of particularly naughty interviews ;) Chapter 13: Interviews in Intimacy "Right… We're almost there…" Ginny whispered as she peered around the corner of the stone corridor. She and Harry had, against all odds, managed to sneak across the castle, their cocks bouncing proudly in their open as each of their nude forms was exposed to the flesh. Keeping carefully to corridors that they knew would be emptied, the pair had managed to sneak as close as they could to the Gryffindor common room without encountering anyone. However, as they stared at the staircase leading up to the Fat Lady's Portrait, they were met with a group of first years, trying vehemently to figure out where they had to go. "What do we do? They aren't moving," Harry breathed, as he strained to glance over Ginny's shoulder. His cock unwittingly ground against her ass, causing her to smirk as the pair tried to figure out their next move. Annoyingly, Harry felt his cock harden as it rubbed against the redhead's soft and creamy arse. Pulling away from the corner, they stood there, exhausted of all options. "I know… We could just walk past them. I mean they are first years, they are more likely to faint from shock than spread the news across the whole school," Ginny suggested meekly, not believing her own words as she said them. Sharing a look of panic, the pair were at a loss for words, unable to figure out their next move, when suddenly a small wooden door opened a short distance down the corridor. Before the pair could react with horror, a pair of hands reached out from within and grabbed Harry's shoulders and wrenched him back inside the room. "Harry!" Ginny exclaimed moving to try and pull him back. However, before she could the hands threw a small swatch of cloth at the young witch before swinging the door shut. The implication was clear. Whoever took Harry intended for Ginny to use the tiny piece of fabric to cover her modesty, when in reality it wasn't large enough to hide away her balls. Moving to enter the room after Harry, Ginny was cornered. The first years around the corner had started moving. Trying desperately to wrench the door open, she gave up and sprinted back down the corridor from the way she and Harry came. Confused, Harry's hands instantly dropped down to his rapidly softening cock to hide his cock and balls. Turning around, he was quickly met with a rather garish sight. Standing level with him was a bold looking woman. Dressed in a bright green dress adorned with fluffy red frills. She had pale white skin and bleach blonde curly hair. Her make-up was swept on and she a painful smile on her face. Despite the rather outlandish appearance she gave off, Harry still saw some degree of attractiveness beneath it. The curve of her hips was outlined near perfectly by her almost skin-tight dress and the plump, near perfection of her arse was on display for all Harry to see. Her chest had a distinct roundness to it that looked remarkably fake, but not enough to steer away Harry's teenage, sex addled attention. "Don't worry about your modesty Harry. I've seen it all," The woman smiled, the fakery within her grin being almost unbearable. She extended her hand as an extension of curtesy, expecting Harry to offer his In return. A little, unsure, Harry readjusted himself so that he covered his privates with only one hand and tenderly grasped the woman's, only to have her grip tighten like a vice around his hand, "I'm Rita Skeeter. I write for the Daily Prophet. But, of course, you know that, don't you?" "No, I don't," Harry asked bluntly as he looked around for a sheet or anything that would help him to hide his cock away. Turning to the woman, he asked hopefully, "I don't mean to be rude, but do you have something that I could use to… cover myself up?" "Yes, yes, we'll get to that later. Don't worry, most of my interviewees end up just like this," Rita smiled, trying obviously to ease his thoughts, but only making him terrified as to what he had stumbled into. Sitting down on a nearby chair, Rita forced Harry to join her sitting opposite. Opening her bag, she let a green quill burst out and start hover next to her, a pad of paper swiftly joining it. "Interviewees? This is an interview?" Harry asked, trying to ignore the fact that she insinuated the fact that all the people she interviews end up naked for whatever reason. "Just a few questions, standard procedure. Everyone wants to know all about you! Now, why did you decide to enter the tournament?" Rita asked, resting her head on her hand, whilst smile curtly. The quill burst into life and started dancing back and forth across the paper before turning and pointing at Harry as if it had eyes. "I didn't..." Harry said sternly, his eyes fixated on the quill as it once more began to move, almost certainly writing down everything that he was saying, "I don't know how my name got into the goblet of fire." "Ignore the quill. Now, now Harry, there is no need to keep secrets here," Rita smiled once more, leaning forwards and resting her hands-on Harry's legs. He would have moved to brush them aside, but his hands were more focussed ensuring that Rita didn't latch her eyes onto his cock. "I'm not, I didn't enter," Harry replied louder, growing frustrated with her insistence. And much to his horror, the rather soft and gentle movements of her hands on his thighs began to stir his cock. Feeling himself start to shift, he winced before grimacing once more at Rita who hadn't dispelled that disturbingly fake smile from her face. "Are you sure?" She probed one last time, testing the waters to see just how far she could push it. Coinciding with her probing questions, her hands began to probe a little further, gently dipping down to his inner thighs, almost grazing against his hands. "Yes!" Harry snapped, shaking his legs and freeing himself of her grasp and forcing her to retreat. The quill hadn't stopped writing and shared a 'look' with Rita before she continued with the interview. "Okay, okay. Let's start with some easier questions. Our readers want to know all about our champions. We'll be building a profile of all the 'need to know' information about our daring competitors," Rita beamed excitedly, acting for an invisible audience, twinges of theatrics seeping from her voice. Quietening down, she glanced once more at Harry before purring, "Favourite position?" "Er… Position?" Harry asked confusedly, his mind instantly jumping to Seeker. Although, he quickly considered the fact that this woman likely didn't care in the slightest about his Quidditch career. "Sexually? Missionary, up against the wall or something a bit more… flavourful?" Rita embellished, her mind wandering as she felt her own shaft stir. Despite Harry's nudity, her cock hadn't moved a bit, but imagining Harry in such delicious and compromising positions made her horny. She could have a field day with him… "Is that really necessary?" Harry asked, cluing into her question. Slowly, he began to feel like this interview wouldn't exactly look stellar plastered in every single copy of the Daily Prophet. But it was either this or returning to skulking around the corridors of the castle entirely naked. "Entirely, readers want to know all the juicy titbits," Rita argued, pushing Harry for an answer. His mind went blank. His first thoughts weren't about how ludicrous a question it was, but instead about his preferred positioning. He had never really thought about it. In terms of positioning, his ventures had been tame when it came to sex. He and Ginny had only really fucked in the standard and expected ways. Things only got a little more interesting with Luna and even then, the no position came to mind. "I hadn't really thought about it," Harry asked honestly, losing himself in his own thoughts. Rita's words had a way about tricking her subject. The questions she asked managed worm their way into the interviewee's head making them truly ponder what she was saying and ignore the blatantly obvious fact that he questions were incredibly poor taste. Especially for a publication such as the Daily Prophet. "Well, think…" she snapped quickly, her face flashing for a single moment with annoyance only to return to that deceptive false smirk. Putting Harry on the spot, he quickly picked one, hoping it would stop her advances. "Er, I suppose Doggysty…" Harry began only to get cut off by Rita. Flashing him a smile of admiration for his choice, she watched it get hastily written down before finishing his answer for him, "Doggystyle… Classic. Now, is that giving? Or receiving." "Er, both. Are these answers going in the paper?" Harry answered, not thinking about the implication. He quickly asked, catching onto the fact that Rita would probably be fired for mentioning any of this in the actual paper. However, his question remained unanswered as Rita swiftly moved onwards. "Ooo… Versatile. The ladies must love you," Rita smirked, pushing herself up onto her feet and pulling Harry up with her. Hesitant at first, Harry eventually stumbled to his feet and stood there confused as to what was happening. Rita smiled, "Up, up, up!" "What are you…" Harry began only to have Rita press a finger against his lips silencing him. Harry saw the look in her eye, a certain strange, perverse lust. The interview was more than a profile for her. It was a chance to sink her teeth into a young unwitting Champion. "Come Harry, loosen up. A bit fun to keep the readers on your side," Rita purred, pulling Harry close to her and letting her hands run wild over his chest and arms. Harry still kept his hands clasped on his cock, hiding it from view, however Rita's proximity quickly made him regret that. He could feel her hardening shaft beneath her dress, poking and prodding at his hands through the fabric. Seeing Harry standing there rigid (and not in the good way) Rita decided to try and soothe him a little, "I know what will relax you…" Taking a step back from Harry, she reached behind herself and slowly unzipped the back of her dress. Shrugging her shoulders out of the fabric, she made an effort to flash a sultry smile at Harry as she slowly and seductively lowered her dress. Peeling the fabric over her breasts, she revealed her plump handfuls. As Harry suspected, they looked fake. They hung perfectly on her body and had a fullness that was unmatched by any natural pair of tits. That however didn't stop Harry from enjoying the look of them nonetheless. As she lowered the rest of her dress, she turned away from Harry forcing his eyes down to her plump bum. As she rolled the dress over the curve of her hips, she let it drop and revealed her entire nude form. Whilst she didn't wear any of normal underwear in the form of a bra and panties, Rita instead opted to wear a bright emerald green garter belt, matching her garish dress. Harry did have to admit that the garter belt suited her far more than the dress ever did. And pulled tightly over her long, slender, creamy legs were a pair of fishnet stockings, held in place by the lacy garter belt she wore. She swiftly kicked her high heels aside and stood for a moment, allowing Harry to enjoy her glorious body. Even he had to admit, she was a very attractive woman when she removed all the bright clothing she wore. Turning back around, she let Harry see her cock. Already hard, her cock was pointing straight at Harry and was somewhat substantial. Being around eight inches long and surprisingly thick, her cock was identical in measurements to his own. However, her cock was a little paler and her bleach blonde hair extended to the small tuft of pubic hair that grew on her crotch. "Ready for an older woman's touch," Rita winked as she advanced on Harry. Wrapping her arms around his neck, she looked into his eyes pressing her body snugly against his. Harry's hands didn't move from his cock at all and he made every effort to not let himself harden. It wasn't that he didn't want to have sex with her, it was just her insistence and pressure that made him a little nervous. As she hung on her neck, she pressed her breasts against his chest and ground her cock against his hands, moaning softly as a dribble of pre-cum leaked on his hands. Leaning in she pressed her lips against Harry's and pulled him into a deep one-sided kiss. Startled, Harry reacted instinctively and kissed her back, his tongue moving to enter her mouth. Passionately kissing, Harry took her breath away as she pulled back and gasped, still keeping her body tightly pressed against his. She remarked, making sure her quill got her words, "Good kisser…. A very good kisser. A… Diligent tongue." "Come now, Harry, hands away. We're both grownups here," Rita smirked, batting Harry's hands away from his cock. Finally getting a good look at Harry's cock, Rita gave him a glance of appreciation before slipping down onto her knees. Harry clenched his fists in annoyance and let her admire his cock. Reaching into her bag, she withdrew a tape measure and let it hover in the air. Before Harry could ask, he felt Rita's soft hand wrap around the base of his cock. Looking down, he saw the tape measure unravel and measure his shaft, "Six inches soft… and…" Taking her hand, Rita began to slowly jerk Harry off, her skilled and experienced hand deftly moving back and forth across his soft shaft. Groaning instinctively, Harry felt himself harden beneath her grasp, her hands soft and delicate with their subtle movements. Being older than the multitude of other people he had slept with, Rita had a clear bank of experience when it came things like this. Be it the fact that she would rub her thumb softly over his tip in between a couple of jerks or the fact that she softly squeezed the base of his cock eliciting more pleasure, Rita knew exactly what she was doing from a plethora of past encounters. Biting her lip, Rita couldn't help but enjoy this interview. Most of her interviews were painfully dull even when the subject ended up naked, speared on the end of her cock. There was just something different about Harry, something she relished. As his cock grew to full mast beneath her delicate grasp, she watched as several beads of pre-cum began to roll down his cockhead, coating his tip in a thin shimmering gleam. Despite having him at the stage she wanted, Rita continued, letting her hand drop to his balls whilst the other continued its steady movements up and down his shaft, milking him for all he was worth. Finally, content, she held his cock steady and let the tape measure once more measure his thick shaft. "Eight inches hard," Rita finished and let go of his cock. The tape measure quickly disappeared back into her bag as she continued to kneel in front of Harry. Leaning forwards, she planted a kiss on the tip of his cock noticing how he clenched his fists and recoiled slightly. Smirking, she decided he need to relax a little more. "Ms Skeeter?" Harry stammered, feeling himself getting swept away alongside Rita's advances. He wasn't averse to shagging the woman, but he barely had time to keep up with her. Every movement and sentence she said was swiftly cast aside to make room for her next advance. Suddenly, she leant back into his cock and enveloped the tip of his cock into her mouth. Hollowing her cheeks, she began to suckle on the tip of his shaft, milking pre-cum from his tip with every sumptuous pleasurable movement. Unable to stop himself, Harry began to moan just as Rita's hand began to speed up and down his cock faster than before. Every jerk she made was calculated and incredibly pleasurable. Harry's cock was in heaven as her tongue played havoc with his slit. Shifting backwards slightly, Harry leant against the back wall as his eyes rolled back into his head. Angling herself, Rita slid her lips down the entirety of his cock, taking every inch of his shaft into her warm, skilled and delectable throat. She had sucked of her fair share of men and women to get where she was today, and she could proudly say that her oral skills were top of the range. As his cock plunged deep into her throat, Harry instinctively wrapped his hands around her head. Liking to be in control, Rita batted his hands away and continued to let her tongue wrap around his shaft with ease. Dribbling saliva down onto his balls, Rita let her hands massage his testicles, lubing them to a shimmer. Harry's knees almost buckled under the pleasure as she gently squeezed his most sensitive organs. Rita knew she had him in the palm of her hand, his pleasured moans only confirming it as he mumbled to himself amidst a pleasure ridden haze, "Oh, yeah… Rita…" With that, Rita upped the ante. Pulling her lips back and forth across his shaft, she made carefully effort to deepthroat every inch of his cock with every pass her lips made. The entirety of his cock came in and out of her mouth, her hand guiding her lips along whilst the other hand toyed and teased his balls. Harry felt his cock nearing its end. About to burst, he clenched his fists and forced himself not to, knowing full well that Rita would write some blasphemous paragraph about how he had erectile dysfunction and couldn't maintain an erection long enough to fuck someone. She was just a little too skilled for Harry's tastes. It was clear she was trying desperately to make him blow, but Harry continued to steel himself for the sake of his reputation. Finally, she conceded and pulled her lips away from his cock and smiled saucily at him. "That's not going in the profile. Just for me," Rita winked, rising to her feet and wiping a dribble of saliva from the corner of her mouth. Her hands dropped down to her own cock, jerking her shaft steadily and moaning alongside each shifting movement she made. One of her hands left her cock and rested on Harry's shoulders, pushing himself slowly, but surely down onto his knees. Taking a step forwards, she rubbed the tip of her cock back and forth across his lips, before saying, "But this will… Go on. It's not going to suck itself." Startled by her voice, Harry did just that. Pushing his lips forwards, he took the head of her cock into his mouth, his tongue wrapping around her bulbous head and exploring every delicious portion of the purplish flesh. Moaning at Harry's ministrations, Rita took Harry's head in her hand and kept him there. She wasn't forcing him down on her cock, but instead keeping him from pulling back. Conceded to his fate, Harry swallowed her cock slowly and dutifully. Inch by inch her shaft disappeared into his throat until he reached his limits. He would have to practice a bit with Ginny as he could only stomach around five inches of Rita's shaft without his throat giving up. Maybe it was just because of who he was sucking off, or maybe that was just his ability. However, his throat began to spasm and clench around her shaft, a dribble of saliva leaking onto the base of her cock. Rita, consumed by the pleasure of his warm throat around her cock forgot her interview points and instead began to guide his throat up and down the same five inches, relishing in the delicious pleasurable friction of his lips pulling along her cock. Gently thrusting into his swallowing throat, the tip of her cock kept hitting the back of his throat, not quite being able to push another inch past his quivering lips. Moaning softly to herself, she sped up. Holding Harry's head in place, she started to fuck his mouth, letting her hips move backwards and forwards, sawing her cock in and out of his mouth. Saliva began to pool in his mouth and started to spill down along her shaft. Not wanting to swallow any of it and unwittingly give Rita access to his throat, Harry settled for letting it spill down along her cock and his chin. Slowly her thrusts down, Rita came back to her sense, remembering that she was conducting an 'interview'. Driving her cock back into his mouth, up until he could take no more, she stop and turned to her quill. "Five inches on his own," Rita commented wrapping her hands through Harry's hair as he slipped the fifth inch inside his throat. Admiring his ability, Rita moaned softly, enjoying the look of Harry's lips stretching around her shaft. Before Harry could steady himself, Rita began to force his head down on her shaft. Pushing against Rita's thighs, Harry tried to get himself free, but was unable. Rita's strength forced another inch into Harry's throat. Gagging and spluttering around her shaft, Harry concentrated on breathing through his nose. Rita drew her hips back and with one long and steady thrust forced her entire shaft into Harry's tight, warm and clutching throat. Moaning as Harry's lips were pressed snugly against her crotch, Rita savoured both the overwhelming pleasure and the look of Harry's mouth stuffed full of her cock, "Well, well, well… All eight inches when forced. Hold there a moment dear…" Holding Harry in place despite his struggles, Rita reached over to her bag and removed a small camera. Once more it floated in the air and hovered above both her and Harry. Posing, Rita kept one hand on Harry's head and seductively bit one finger. The camera flashed, and she let Harry go. Pulling his lips of her cock, Harry gasped for air and watched as Rita checked the quality of the picture. For more traditional interviews, she had her own cameraman, but for the more intimate and personal ones, she preferred to handle them herself. Pushing himself to his feet, Harry was confused. A picture like that of a fourteen-year-old boy sucking cock wouldn't go anywhere near the pages of the Daily Prophet without challenge. "Is that photo going in the paper? It's just a bit… graphic?" Harry stammered as he walked forwards to try and get a glimpse of the picture. Rita quickly stowed it away before charming the camera to take another picture of Harry naked. Pulling him closer, she hooked one of her legs around his and posed once more for another photo, before Harry pushed her away and demanded an answer. "Bloody hell…All you talk about is what's is and what isn't going in the paper. If it'll shut you up, the details of your sexual ability isn't going to be front-page news. Only those who pay for the special edition of the daily prophet will get it. And the pictures…" Rita smiled, holding his chin as yet another photo was taken much to Harry's annoyance, "The pictures are just for me." "No. Can you get rid of those photos?" Harry snapped finally having enough of Rita's act and demanding she did something about those photos. Grabbing her wrist and smacking it aside, he glared at her and watched her sink backwards into herself. "Feisty… Take a note of that will you?" Rita smirked, turning to her quill which had been dutifully capturing every aspect of their interview, even taking summaries of their elicit activities. Harry extended his arm and batted the quill away, only to watch it retreat behind Rita and continue writing, poking its head out from behind her bum like a scared child, "Very feisty. I'll cut you a deal? I finish the interview and then I'll destroy the pictures." "Deal…" Harry groaned, realising that he was pretty much in the palm of her hand. However, as soon as the word 'deal' slipped of his tongue, Rita leapt into action. Grabbing him by the hips, she flipped him around and forced him up against the wall. Standing behind him, Rita ground her hips into the boy's bum, her cock flopping in-between his arse cheeks. Sliding her cock back and forth, she cut of Harry's attempt to interject. "Good, good. Now, trouble is, I don't like receiving, so… Let's test just how versatile you are," Rita smiled, taking her cock by the base and pushing the tip against Harry's clenched tense arsehole. Trying to get the angle, Rita desperately tried to worm her cock past his defences, only to find Harry's hole closed up tight. Grimacing, Rita adjusted the angle and knew instantly that she had him. Harry knew as well and in a vain attempt to stop her advances, exclaimed, "Wait!" Harry couldn't stop her. She dribbled a mouthful of saliva down onto Harry's arsehole and massaged it across using the tip of her cock. Before he could say anything else, she sank her cock into his arse. Luckily for Harry, he had been welcomed into the world of anal pleasures the night before and during the morning meaning he was looser than he would have been. He barely felt any pain as half her cock plunged into his bum. Groaning slightly as he was speared on her shaft, Harry rested his head against the wall, preparing himself for a fucking. Rita moaned, savouring the boy's young arse. Pushing forwards, she managed to fit the rest of her cock inside him. Moaning as she did so, she simply enjoyed his butt for a moment before starting to fuck him. Moving in and out, she quickly sped up. Where Luna and Ginny had taken a subtler approach for the first few minutes of fucking Harry's virgin arse, Rita had no such inclination. Starting to hammer her cock back and forth, she simply thought about her own pleasure. Each thrust was bringing her closer to her end and she practically forgot about Harry. He was a hole to her and she intended to milk every morsel of pleasure she could from his tight clutching arse. Her balls slapped against his. Both of their balls were coated in saliva, making the sound that much more delicious. Dribbling another drop of saliva onto her cock, she lubricated herself even more, allowing her cock to plunge deeper and deeper into his bum. Consumed by pleasure, Rita raised both her hands in unison and brought them down on Harry's arse, the cracking of her hands against the soft, supple flesh of his arse echoing through the room. Squealing loudly, Harry turned around to try and dissuade her from doing it again only to be met with a second painful spank. Grunting in pain, Harry felt the pleasure in his body get amplified by contrast. That pleasure was short lived as she spanked him painfully again. His ass was burning due to her painful ministrations, but she cared very little. Her next bout of spanks came in tandem with a series of fast paced thrust. Every time her cock plunged back inside him, she'd slap his arse cheeks painfully. Rita slowed her thrusts down, instead opting to drive her cock as deep as she could inside Harry's arse. Grinding her hips against his bum, she made sure the tip of her cock found its ways as deep as it possibly could, her balls mingling with his. She didn't let up on the spanking however, making sure to squeeze two sharp painful spanks in-between each thrust. Harry's legs were wobbling by this point, his stance ready to give in. Suddenly, Rita slammed herself deeper into Harry, stealing away his breath and causing him to collapse down onto his knees. On all fours, he rested his head against the floor as Rita smiled, "Couldn't resist a go at your favourite position? I'll make sure it's like nothing you've ever felt before." Rita walked her feet forwards until they were either side of Harry's hips. The position pushed her arse a bit into the air, but allowed her to fuck Harry both swiftly and powerfully. Each thrust inched deeper than the last and her speeding pounding filed the room with swift rhythmic slaps. However, the position made it impossible to slap Harry, forcing her to resort to tugging his head back by his hair. She relished in the pain he was feeling. His arse may have been full of pleasure, her cock smashing deliciously against his prostate, but she wanted him to wince. Her spanks made him grit his teeth and her rough treatment of his hair would do the same. As much as Harry was averse to what was happening, he felt his cock begin to twitch, bordering on the edge of an orgasm. Rita was much the same, her cock beginning to feel that familiar way. Speeding her thrusts up, she finally pushed herself over the edge. Her cock began to twitch and spasm deep within his arse, spurting copious amounts of cum deep into her bum. Groaning in response, Harry felt himself get filled up with cum for the second time that day. The sensation was enough to push himself over the edge. His own cock twitched and spurted a small amount of cum out across the floor. Continuing to thrust into his arse in order to milk herself, Rita finally pulled out and let her cum dribble out of his bum. She swiftly grabbed her wand and before Harry could move to clean himself up, did it for him. A quick spell removed any and all cum from the room. "Right… Of you pop. Got another two people to interview," Rita said, her enthusiasm for the interview disappearing entirely once she had gotten what she needed. Spanking Harry firmly on the arse, she went and collected her dress up, and began to dress herself, almost ignoring Harry entirely, throwing him aside as soon as she had cum. Harry watched as her cock began to deflate rapidly, losing its rigidness. "The photos?" Harry asked sternly, limping slightly, his arse still burning from Rita's rather liberal spanking treatment. Even he couldn't argue that the entire experience felt good, if a little rough. But even then, there was a part of him that enjoyed just how dominant she was with the entire session. Every hard slap against his skin reverberated with a little perverse pleasure that made him moan that little bit inside. "Yes, yes. I'll destroy them," Rita said, brushing Harry aside as she zipped her dress back into place. Adjusting the garment, she slipped her heels back on and staggered over to where her quill was floating. Seeing Harry standing there with a vapid look on his face, she smiled kindly before looking over her notes, casually flicking through the scrawled pages that her quill had hastily written. "Good," Harry said before walking to the opposite end of the room. The room they were in had two doors leading In and out. The one through which he entered and the one on the other side that lead to where Harry presumed the Weighing of the Wands would be. As he reached for the doorknob, his brain suddenly clicked into action reminding him that he wasn't exactly dressed appropriately. Rather… he wasn't dressed at all. Turning back to face Rita, he asked, "Ms Skeeter? You said you had robes for me?" "Merlin's beard, it's want, want, want with you," Rita said, tossing the notebook aside only for it to float in the air waiting for her. She crossed the room and began to dig through a pile of stuff that Harry could only presume was brought by her. She was bent over at the waist, perfectly flaunting her round, plump, curvaceous bum to Harry. Glancing backwards, she saw where his eyes were headed and toyed with him. Hooking her fingers beneath the edge of her dress, she sexily drew the fabric up over her butt, revealing her soft arse cheeks to Harry. The slightest hint of her arsehole was flashed, but she quickly pulled her dress down before tossing Harry a pair of his own robes. Turning to him, she smiled, "A sight for you to jerk off to later…" How did you?" Harry asked as he jerked the name tag on the collar. The robes were his. Presumably taken from his room. Confused, he looked up at Rita who wore an expression of surprise. Not wanting to be called out, she helped him pull the robes over his head, hiding his modesty. She then handed him a pair of his shoes and guided him towards the door. "Never you mind," Rita said, ushering Harry towards the door. Pulling the door opening, she thrust Harry through to the other side. Staggering slightly, Harry turned swiftly backwards only to have the door slammed in his face. He found himself in one of the many corridors of the castle, Harry quickly looked around only to see Professor Mcgonagall standing, looking judgmentally down upon him. "Mr Potter, I see you've already met Ms Skeeter," Mcgonagall said sternly. Despite her rather rocky glare, Harry saw a twinge of red In her cheeks, a subtle hint as to whether or not she noticed just what was happening in the small broom cupboard. Brushing swiftly past that, she added quickly, "If you'll just wait a few moments, we are waiting for Ms Delacour to arrive." Nodding, Harry turned to look at the small groups of people that were gathered outside. Viktor Krum stood propped against the wall, brooding amongst a large group of fawning girls from both Hogwarts and Beauxbatons. Opposite that group, Cho and Cedric stood talking amongst themselves. Cho kept glancing backwards to Professor Mcgonagall to see if she was watching. As soon as the Professor glanced the other way, Cho plucked a bottle of what appeared to be Firewhisky and encourage Cedric to take a swig. As soon as he suggested she took a sip, Cho slipped the bottle away before brushing the idea away. Suddenly, Rita burst out from her cupboard and ushered Cedric into her domain. As Cedric left her side, Cho gently slapped Cedric on her arse before winking seductively at her presumed boyfriend and pushing him into Rita's claws. "Harry!" a voice shrilled loudly behind him. Startled, Harry turned and was met with the beaming face of Katie Bell who was swiftly striding directly towards him, a smile on her face. "Hi Katie. What are you doing waiting here?" Harry asked, confused as to why she wasn't in class and was instead loitering around outside the Weighing of the Wands. As she approached him, she glanced over her shoulder at Mcgonagall whose gaze was unfalteringly fixed on Rita's cupboard. "I came to meet you actually. Quidditch has been cancelled and I thought you should know," Katie explained disappointing seeping from every word she spoke. Aside from himself, Harry didn't know a single person who was more enthusiastic about Quidditch than Katie. "Really? I was looking forward to that…" Harry groaned, disappointed that such a decision was made. He had been hoping to use the Quidditch practice time as a place to escape from the pressures of the Tournament. But now it seemed as if he'd have to focus solely on that. For better or for worse. "Enjoy your time with Rita?" Katie asked a promiscuous smile on her face. Unbeknownst to Harry, she had heard it all. The walls to cupboard were surprisingly thin and didn't afford much secrecy. Katie had felt her cock begin to harden pushing snugly against her panties. As she propped herself up against the wall, listening to the many suckling sounds and the hard thrusts, she couldn't help but let her mind wander. She debated finding Angelina and letting her go all out on her, but figured she'd be too tired from their session in the morning. That and she was most likely still enjoying George. "Not particularly…" Harry asked, wondering just why she was asking. Running a little red beneath the cheeks, he scratched the back of his head, eventually arriving at the possibility that Katie may have overheard or had a sneaky peak through the door. "Why? Too Rough?" Katie smirked, revelling in her ability to make Harry squirm nervously. His face went even redder as his fears were confirmed. Stopping himself from lashing out, Harry instead forced himself to whisper for fear of attracting other people's attention. "What? How did you?" Harry asked, pulling Katie to the side of the corridor, embarrassed that someone heard just what Rita had been doing to him. His arse still stung, and he couldn't quite stand correctly. Although that may have been due to the combined efforts of Ginny, Luna and Rita who had all in turn had their way with his tight arse over the past twenty-four hours. "Listen?" Katie said softly as she hushed Harry. It took a few moments, but then he heard it. It practically echoed through the walls. The sounds of someone sucking a cock. The sound was distinctive. From the sloppy suckling sounds to the gentle slapping of balls against a chin. Harry had no idea whether it was Cedric or Rita who was on their knees sucking, but Harry didn't need to know. What was important was the fact that everyone in the corridor most likely heard his encounter with Rita. Katie quickly picked up on Harry's sigh of embarrassment and quickly defused the tension, "Don't worry about it. It's not like Mcgonagall was standing right outside the door the whole time. You should have heard Krum. He went in and bellowed: I don't sleep with fake titted prostitutes!" "You're kidding?" Harry chuckled, glancing over at Krum and picturing his outburst. It seemed like something he would say, although the way he was indulging the large group of girls that were fawning over him, it didn't look like he abstained from sleeping with every fanatic that came near him. "Not in the slightest," Katie smiled, before resting her hand on Harry's arm and looking into his eyes. Before he could say anything, Katie quickly removed it and said, "Anyway, I've got double potions, so better be off. Listen. If you ever want to brush up on some Quidditch, I'll be glad to lend a hand." As Katie sped around the corner, the final Triwizard Champion stumbled into view. Fleur was looking as gorgeous as ever, her make-up perfectly applied, her robes neatly pressed and delicately worn. However, her posture was a little off. She staggered somewhat as if she was in pain. Truth be told, her arse ached. Gabrielle was liberal with fucking her arse and without lube. Fleur of course moaned like a lusty whore at the time, but the aftermath rendered her a little tender, making it difficult to walk. She would have liked to say that this was an uncommon occurrence, but she couldn't. She lost count of the number of times she walked through the halls of the Academy like this. But what always baffled her was Gabrielle's ability to skip with ease through the halls even after being on the receiving end of a long and hard fucking. As Fleur found her footing, the door to the cupboard opened and Cedric walked swiftly out, followed by Rita. Everyone was a little preoccupied, so Harry was the only one who noticed a small drop of pre-cum in the corner of his mouth. Cho noticed it as well and swiftly wiped it away before shooting daggers at Rita. She gave Cedric a sip of the Suggestibility Potion to make sure the interview went smoothly, and he answered the questions to the best of his ability. He didn't expect that whore of a reporter to use him like that. Unlike everyone else, she arrived just after Harry had finished his interview and had no idea Rita's intentions. "Ah Miss Delacour, just in time," Rita smiled, rushing over the French girl and beginning to usher her into the cupboard. However, just as she was about to guide the young French lady into the room, Mcgonagall piped up. "If you don't mind Ms Skeeter, I think it would be prudent to begin with the ceremony? I think we've waited long enough," Mcgonagall interjected, opening the door to the Ceremony room and ushering Harry, Cedric and Krum through inside. Fleur swiftly followed, annoying Rita. Retreating to her room, she prepared for the final interview she had to make, pondering over her encounter with Cedric. As she waited, Rita withdrew the photos she had taken of Cedric, her cock hardening instantly at the sight of them. Unzipping her dress, she dropped it to the ground and reclined, gently stroking herself to each one. Cedric was unusually pliable. Even the slightest suggestion got him to do what she wanted. The interview was too easy. Harry had a little bite to him, but Cedric just rolled over. Not that that was a bad thing. The first series of pictures were of him stripping down. The boy had a nice body, chiselled like Harry's. Quidditch had a tendency of gifting it's players with rather good-looking bodies. His bum was particularly nice. It had that little bit of bounce, but was still toned enough to look good. His cock was instantly hard, and Rita barely had to do anything to entice him further. As soon as she stripped naked and told him to suck her cock, he did so. Cedric was little more skilled than Harry. A testament to Cho's diligent training. He managed to deepthroat Rita's eight inches with uncommon ease, much to the woman's surprise. Jerking herself off steadily to the pictures, she quickly flipped onto the next one. She had angled the camera to get a view of both her and Cedric as he buried in tongue deep into her arsehole. Much like his deftness with cock, his tongue expertly moved back and forth inside her bum. She took a few different pictures from a few different angles, each on saucier than the next. She wouldn't be able to cum with her own hand, but as soon as Fleur was done with the ceremony, she would make special effort to get balls deep in that French girl's arse. The next few phots were of her cumming. She made Cedric return to sucking her off and made special attention to unloaded herself deep into the boy's throat. He coughed slightly, and Rita managed to get a delicious shot of him with a dribble of cum on the side of his mouth. Continuing to jerk herself off, she found the pictures she had off Harry. She wasn't going to get rid of them, quite the contrary. She had plans for all the pictures. Consumed in her own lust, she didn't hear the door open behind her or the fact that someone strode swiftly into the room, a smirk on her face. "Ah, it iz zis kind of interview?" Fleur smiles as she walked through the door. Closing it behind her, Fleur propped herself up on the door frame, folding her arms. She always had her suspicions that this was what the woman had in mind. That and Krum spent every moment he could during the Weighing of the Wands talking about the blonde bimbo in the other room. "Is that a problem?" Rita asked, stowing her pictures away inside her bag and rising to her feet. Even Rita couldn't deny just how gorgeous the French girl was. Her cock stood as testament to that. It twitched in response to simply looking at the clothed figure of the woman. "Non… it iz not," Fleur purred, slowly advancing on the woman and kicking her Veela charm into high gear. Swaying her hips slowly and seductively, she popped a button on her robes and displayed her bountiful cleavage to the older woman. Rita practically melted at the sight, but was brought back to her senses when Fleur smiled softly, "But we play my rulez…" Fleur wrapped her arms around the naked reporter and pulled her body close to hers. She felt Rita's cock grind up against her robes, her rigid nipples poking at her own. Dropping her hands down to Rita's arse, she grasped and pulled at the soft flesh, leaving red hand prints on her flesh as she groped it. Leaning in, she planted a soft fleeting kiss on Rita's lips before pulling away. Rita chased her for a second kiss and Fleur knew that she had Rita under her influence. Allowing her a second kiss, Fleur pulled away and whispered in her ear, "Bend over zen…" "I don't like to receive…" Rita chuckled, letting her fingers trace Fleur's cheekbones, a ditzy smile on the reporter's face as she explained her quandary. It wasn't enough to convince Fleur however, who stared at her with a seductive glare and repeated. "Bend over…" she murmured, letting go of Rita and taking a step back. Rita nodded, not wanting to lose her chance to sleep with the buxom blonde bombshell. Turning around, she bent over, presenting her bum to the French girl who admired it for a moment, letting her hands pluck and pull at her supple flesh before starting to strip. "It's been so long since I have done this," Rita said, keeping her head forwards as Fleur stripped down. Unbuttoning her robes, she dropped them to the ground revealing her underwear. She wore a tiny blue thong that was enchanted to keep her cock in place despite the tiny amount of fabric and her bulbous cock. Her bra was matching making her even more stunning. Unhooking her bra, she freed her breasts and gently fondled them for a moment, before kicking her thong down around her ankles. Her thick cock burst into life and flopped down against her thigh. Taking it by the base, she lifted it and flopped it in between Rita's cheeks, letting her feel the full length and breadth of the cock that was about to fuck her arse, "That's… big… Go easy on me?" "So zat you can write a filthy article about moi? Non, Ça va être dur, rugueux et rapide…" Fleur spat in French. She had no intention of having an interview written about her. From the moment she walked in she knew the conniving background of the older woman and knew she would have no part of it. In fact, she intended to dissuade the woman from ever coming after again by giving her a hard, rough and fast fuck. Pressing the tip of her bulbous cock against Rita's abnormally tight constricted arse, Fleur didn't bother with lube. Perhaps her sister's proclivity was rubbing off on her, or perhaps she just wanted to see the woman fucked without any aid. Pushing forwards, she felt the woman's hole begin to give way despite her best efforts to keep it closed. Before Rita could object, Fleur sank the tip of her cock into her arse, instantly silencing the mouthy woman and stealing her breath away. Clinging to the wall, she tried to squeak out a word, but was unable to. She felt Fleur take a hold of her hips and steady her position. And just as she adjusted ever so slightly to the enormity of the bulbous intruder, Fleur began to thrust steadily forwards. For the first thrust, Fleur took things slow, making sure that she could lodge the entirety of her length inside the woman. Although, unbeknownst to Rita, Fleur had no intentions of making her next thrust as kind. Pulling Rita backwards onto her thrust, Fleur didn't let up. It took only a short time for every single inch of her cock to be lodged up Rita's practically virgin arse. She hadn't let anyone fuck her arse since she slept her way into her job at the Daily Prophet. As soon as she had influence it became a no go. She only allowed people to lick her ass, but never fuck it. And now she had the largest cock she had ever seen buried deep inside her, stretching her hole to new lengths. Trying her best to stay upright, she began to breathe quickly and loudly whilst sweating profusely. Her body glistened with sweat as Fleur revelled in the tightness of her hole. She was even tighter than Gabrielle which was saying something. However, Fleur had the fullest intentions to not leave her as tight. As she pressed her shaven crotch against Rita's pale arse, she settled for a moment, before pulling her hips all the way back until only the tip of her cock remained inside. Rita breathed a sigh of relief only to have any respite shattered as Fleur crashed her hips back against her arse, shoving all twelve inches back inside her without warning. Normally, the French girl would have been a little more considerate, but she didn't have any compassion for the snake of a woman before her and thus didn't let up. A tear pooled in Rita's eye as she felt pain like no other. There were twinges of pleasure there, but not enough to outweigh the sudden sharp pain that flooded her arse. Before she could even grunt, Fleur began to pound in and out of the older woman without letting up. The room filled with the loud, sharp slaps of flesh against flesh. Rita's body went limp. Her hands fell to her side and she slump forwards. Not wanting to let Rita fall, Fleur buried herself up to the hilt inside her and stood the woman straight up against the wall. Rita's cheek rested against the wall as Fleur continued to thrust in and out of her. Rita slowly began to loosen up and the faintest of moans drifted from her lips. Although, she was too out of it to even register emotion as she simply focused on staying conscious. Fleur began to speed up, slamming her cock In and out of the woman, moaning as she did so. Her cock with in heaven as her balls smacked loudly against Rita's soft, shrivelled cock. Biting her lip, Fleur began to feel herself sweat, her body glistening sexily, and she fucked Rita harder and harder. Taking her hand, Fleur spanked Rita's arse cheeks, eliciting a squeal of sharp pain. Rita was slowly coming around, her mind managing to contend with the pain. She began to grunt and groan in response to her arsehole being stretched so much. Burying her cock deep inside Rita, Fleur grabbed Rita's hair and pulled her head back only to plant a kiss on her lips. Consumed by the eroticism of the situation, Fleur began to lose herself in the sensations that were coursing through her cock. Slowly down, she savoured each deep thrust, enjoying just how her arse spasmed and clenched around her cock the deeper, she thrust. However, to her disappointment, she drew her hips back and hammered back into Rita only to have the woman's knees buckle. She slumped to the floor, Fleur's cock slipping out her arse and dangling in front of the reporters face. Turning around to look up at Fleur, almost begging her to stop, Rita found Fleur's hands grabbing the back of her head. Fleur pulled Rita's head towards her cock. Forcing the woman's lips around the enormous tip of her cock, Fleur began to treat her throat as if it were her arse. Thrusting forwards, she Fleur was met with resistance, her cockhead prodding against the clenched throat of Rita. Fleur smiled. As if that would stop her. Drawing her hips back, she thrust forwards and pulled her head back, continuously pushing until her throat gave away. Rita's eyes bulged as she felt the fat invader push deep inside her throat. She had to continue swallowing just so she didn't pass out. Her lips stretched wide around her shaft and were swiftly pressed snugly against the hairless base of her cock, a bright red imprint left around her cock from Rita's striking lipstick. Trying to push against Fleur's thighs and free herself, Rita had no luck. The cock was lodged in her throat for the time being. She simply had to lay there and have her throat used as a fucktoy. Fleur began to face fuck the older woman, the spluttering gagging sounds only spurring her onwards. It was a particularly sloppy blowjob as saliva began to pour from Rita's mouth and dribble down her chin and onto her breasts. Fleur was revelling in the tight warmth of her throat. Gabrielle was good and skilled at blowjobs, but there was something so delectably pleasurable about an experienced, spasming throat. Despite Rita's experience and skills with oral, she had not ability when it came to handling such shafts as big as Fleurs. Despite her lengthy session with her sister, Fleur still had a lot of cum to give. As much as she would have loved to unload her cock deep into Rita's throat, she decided that a different approach would be more prudent. Giving a last few thrusts deep into her throat, Fleur pulled out just in time to unload several long strands of cum across the woman's face, painting her with her cum. Aiming her cock, she made sure to cover the woman's fake tits. Fleur couldn't help, but compare her own tits to Rita's. They were both nearly perfect, but Rita's were noticeably fake. Fleur's were delectably natural. As she milked the last few drops of cum onto Rita's body, Fleur picked up her panties and stuffed them into the woman's mouth. Swiftly finding her camera, Fleur snapped several pictures of her piece of art before tossing the camera aside and taking the photos. "Vous êtes un whorre…" Fleur seethed, slapping the defeated and empty face of Rita with her cock one last time before starting to dress herself. Collecting the series of photos, she had taken of the cum-soaked, broken reporter, Fleur stored them down her cleavage before striding elegantly towards the door. She disappeared into the castle, leaving the woman crumpled in the broom cupboard, where she would remain for an hour until she reclaimed the ability to walk, albeit painfully. Author's Note: I'm not entirely sure about this chapter, but I hope you enjoyed it nonetheless. I felt like I got a little off point, but I'm not sure. I feel like it may have been a little all over the place, but I'll let you lot be the judge of that. If anything, this chapter deviated a little from the standard smut orientated. There was a little more conversation than sex, but I don't really know. Let me know what you think! I really would appreciate some form of feedback on this chapter just, so I can gauge how well received it is. Also, it might sound weird, but some feedback as to how well I write the characters would be appreciated. I know there are certain liberties with creative license, but I would appreciate what people think of how I portray them and whethe r or not it's good. I'll keep going if so and change things if need be! Up to your opinions! The next chapter sees Fleur begin her devious attempts to get a leg up, but unwittingly drives a wedge between one of our beloved couples. Till next time! P.S. It just occurred to me after finishing this chapter, just how much I've enjoyed writing the past few chapters. I don't know what it is, but I've really loved writing them. Just wanted to say that, because I probably won't be stopping anytime soon because of that fact!
Author's Note: Hey guys. Thanks for all the feedback and too everyone who voted in the poll. As for which lovely lady won the poll, it was pretty clear cut. Our favourite metamorphmagus, Nymphadora Tonks will be the star of our first new One-shot. It should be pretty saucy. Not sure when it will be released, but know that it is in the works. Whilst we are speaking about the one-shot, I had a curious thought. Do you want Tonks to be paired with Harry or someone else? I know Harry is the popular and probably the choice I'll go with, but would be people be interested in something like Tonks/Hermione or Tonks/Luna or even Tonks/Fleur? Just a thought. Let me know in the reviews what folks think and if I should experiment a bit. Now, onto the next chapter. A lot of people have had a go at guessing just how this chapter will play out and just what Fleur will do during her spying. I'm not sure if what I have planned with satisfy people, but I hope it will. There are also some revelations regarding the title of this story. Exciting stuff! Chapter 14: Sexual Espionage "It wasn't funny!" "I had to walk through the Common Room entirely naked!" Ginny exclaimed, playfully punching Harry's shoulder. The pair of them had joined Neville down by the lake as he waded in the shallows in search of rare water plants. Harry sat propped up against a tree, pouring through Neville's books, the one had been given by Professor Moody in light of his rather troubling demonstration. Ginny was huddled next to him recounting just what happened after Harry was nabbed by Rita "It sounds quite funny," Harry chuckled, imaging Ginny striding into the common room in the buff. According to Ginny, it was surprisingly full of a whole bunch of second years milling around as well as a whole bunch of her classmates. It wasn't helped by the fact that her rather sizable shaft was fully erect and bounced along in front of her, standing entirely at attention. "It was quite funny," Neville added, much to Ginny's horror. Turning to the round-faced boy, Ginny went bright red. As she opened her mouth to object, she realised something. Ignoring Harry's snorting chuckles, she rose to her feet and walked over towards Neville, a little fury burning in her cheeks. "No, it wasn't Neville! Wait, you were in the common room?" Ginny asked, much to Neville's annoyance. It always seemed like he never got noticed wherever he went. It had stated to get on the boy's nerves. "I walked through the portrait with you…" Neville said, watching Ginny's face turn an even brighter shade of red. Shrinking away from him, she turned back to Harry to continue recounting the horror of the previous morning. "Oh? Really? Well, either way, it was so embarrassing! Everyone saw my…" Ginny began, only to watch Harry's eyes drift slowly away. He was looking back up the path. Turning to face where he was looking, she saw Hermione and Ron begin to stagger down the path way, with Ron whispering frantically in Hermione's ears before drifting behind his girlfriend, "Here we go…" Hermione continued on towards Harry and Ginny, staggering ever so slightly. She and Ron had spent the morning together doing what you would expect. Whilst not official, she and Ron were essentially a couple for all intents and purposes. And thus, they spent the morning experimenting with one another. However, their experiments were remarkably one-sided. Hemione was reluctant to do a lot of stuff. Whilst Ron was more than happy to be on the bottom, he kind of hoped she would indulge him with a blowjob or maybe by licking her arse, but she wasn't entirely thrilled with doing that. Despite her interactions with the mysterious girl named Gabrielle at the Gloryhole, she didn't want Ron to acquire a taste for blowjobs. It was safe to say that tensions were running high between the pair. "We've already been through enough people… Why don't you just go and do it yourself? Ughh. What do you want me to say again?" Hermione whispered as she shared a few last words with Ron before turning back to Harry and trying to recite her practiced speech, "Ronald would like me to tell you that Seamus told him that Dean was told by Parvati that Hagrid was looking for you." "Is that right? Well… What?" Harry started before letting his sentence crumble. Ginny had to stifle a snigger as she retreated back towards the water. Ron glanced past Harry and saw Ginny milling around behind him. Confused as to why she was hanging around with Harry and Neville, Ron felt a pang of betrayal, pushing him back into a foul mood with Harry and now his sister. "Uhhh…" Hermione said trying to remember just what she said before turning back to Ron. Ron, furious with Ginny and Harry, whispered fervently under his breath. Nodding, Hermione turned to Harry and began again, "Dean was told by Parvati that… Please don't ask me to say it again. Hagrid's looking for you." "Well you can tell Ronald…" Harry called out to Hermione who was walking down towards him. She walked past Harry to talk to Ginny. "I'm not an owl!" Hermione snapped, turning and lashing out at Harry before pulling Ginny aside and whispering rather fervently with her. Harry walked back to Neville and sank back into his position by the tree. Huffing, Ron turned back along the path and slowly ambled his way back through the woods. Annoyed at pretty much everyone, Ron felt isolated and alone. Trudging through the forest, he made his towards the castle. "'ello… what iz it zat zis 'agrid 'az to say?" a voice purred to the left of him. Startled, Ron turned swiftly to face the voice, only to be met with a rather glorious sight. A tall, slender woman clad in a Beauxbatons strode slowly out from behind one of the trees. She had delicate blonde hair tied up in a sexy bun. Fleur posed for a moment, allowing Ron to take an eyeful of her delicious body. Breathing in tightly, she forced a smile, her clothes being a little too constricting. She had borrowed a uniform from Gabrielle in order to vamp up her sexual appeal (not that she needed to). Her breasts were almost bursting at the buttons, with the front cut low enough for a large portion of her cleavage to be on show. The frilly herms of her sexy white lacy bra were on triumphant show leaving nothing to the imagination. The bottom of her robes rode high on her legs, with each step having the incredibly seductive power of flipping the back upwards, revealing her plump, panty clad arse. Her lacy thong was identical to her bra and cut straight up through her arse, flossing her cheeks delectably. She had once again enchanted her panties to keep her cock secured and hidden until she removed them, hiding her enormous cock which most certainly would be dangling in full view without such enchantments. "What?" Ron said rather bluntly, his eyes practically bulging out of his eyes as he looked at the sexually accentuated French beauty. His eyes were almost instantly drawn towards her legs which were covered by pale blue tights held up by a garter belt which was unfortunately hidden behind her robes. Her pale creamy flesh was enough to make Ron's mouth to fall into an uncharismatic open position. "Sorry… I should introduce moi…" Fleur smiled, walking closer and closer to Ron. She casually slipped her hand onto his shoulder and slid it down his arms whilst batting her eyelids, a sly devilish smirk on her lips as she played with Ron's strings, "Je m'appelle Fleur Delacour. Perhaps you 'ave 'eard of me?" "You're the Beauxbatons Champion!" Ron said a little too excitedly, practically bellowing it at her as she giggled in response. His cheeks were flaring up and looked brighter than they had been before. His heart raced as Fleur cocked her hips. She noticed Ron's eyes travelling south and she took a step back in order to let him get a good view of her beautiful legs. "Qui! Tu es très intelligent," Fleur smirked, closing the distance between the pair of them, her eyes glinting in response to Ron's rather dumbfounded look, "And what is zis 'agrid saying?" "It's…" Ron said honestly. He was hesitant to tell her despite the seductive and increasingly alluring aura. Even though Ron was angry at Harry, he didn't want him to die in the tournament, thus him revealing the information regarding Hagrid. However, he didn't want the other schools to beat Hogwarts, curbing his tongue when talking to Fleur despite the strong impulse to succumb to her whims. "Complicated." "Qui? Well… I would very much like to know…" Fleur asks. She knew that she could easily bat her eyelid and purr a few sultry words, but that would likely take a little longer. And considering the rather empty and lustful gaze in his eyes, she knew she could simply… fast-track the process. Reaching forwards, she planted her hand on Ron's crotch, feeling his cock swell almost immediately beneath her hand. She pressed her breasts against his chest and whispered in his ear, "Will zis 'elp?" Ron's voice failed him as he grasped for words. Fleur's hand continued to gently massage his bulge, biting her lip as she felt him grow larger and larger. A moan escaped Ron's lips as he felt his eyes roll closed. Her hand was so delicate and purposeful. Every subtle and soft squeeze she made sent his cock into spasms of pleasures even through the fabric of his trousers. He could only imagine what her hand would feel like on his exposed cock and just how pleasurable a soft and steady handjob would be from her. "Non… maybe I should go elsewhere?" Fleur said removing her hand and moving to walk away. It took Ron a moment to realise just what had happened as her hand was strangely capable of leaving a lasting impression on his cock, his shaft tingling with pleasure even after she removed it. "No!" Ron burst out, his hand grabbing her arm and stopping her. He acted out of instinct and much to Fleur's amusement. Casting him a devilish smirk, she slid her hand back into position, gently squeezing his cock and forcing Ron to lean back against a nearby tree. "Non. Maybe a leetle persuasion…" Fleur purred, her hand dipping down to Ron's zip. Gently pulling the metal downwards, she unfastened his jeans and let them slide down to his knees. His boxers swiftly followed finally revealing his cock. Fleur was pleasantly surprised. Most of the people whom she found herself seducing for personal gain were unfortunately lacking in the endowment department. And whilst Ron was far from the largest she had ever seen, especially considering just how her own shaft dwarfed hers, he was a perfectly pleasurable size. Her hand swiftly wrapped itself around the base of his cock and began to jerk him back and forth. Whilst her hand made itself busy, her head buried itself in the crook of his neck, leaving a lipstick imprint just below the lobe of his ear. "You can touch zem If you would like?" Fleur smiled, seeing Ron's gaze turn solely towards her rather plump breasts. Nodding, Ron reached slowly to her tits and began to clumsily grab at her breasts. It wasn't that Ron didn't know what he was doing, in fact Hermione responded rather well to his ministrations upon her tits. In fact, it was more the lusty and arousal fuelled state that Fleur's Veela charms left him in. As he groped and roughly squeezed them, Fleur chuckled to herself before brushing his hands and smiling, "Like zis…" Fleur dropped her hand from Ron's cock and slowly unbuttoned the front of her robes and slowly shrugged her shoulders out of the garment. If she were wearing her own robes, it would be likely that they would fall instantly to the floor, however Gabrielle's robes were considerably tighter meaning the clothes bunch around her waist revealing her creamy, toned stomach and bra clad breasts. Reaching around behind her, she unhooked the lacy bra and let it drop to the forest floor, revealing her plump tits to the open elements. Her nipples had grown hard in the gentle, cool breeze and now stood firmly at attention. Taking Ron's hand, she pressed his palm against her breasts, using it to massage the sensitive handfuls, moaning loudly, exaggerating ever so slightly. She dropped her other hand back down to his cock, jerking him off whilst he grasped her tits softly and gently. Moaning, in response to her hand stroking his cock, Ron felt her speed up, her hand gliding quicker and quicker over his engorged penis. Slowly milking a few dribbles of pre-cum from his tip, Fleur used her thumb to spread the droplets across the tip of his cock, sending spasms of intense pleasure through his body. Removing her hand from Ron's she let him continue to grope her breast of his own volition. Her hand then dropped down towards his balls, her hands massaging and jerking both his cock and balls. "So, what iz it 'Agrid wants to say?" Fleur asked, using her hands to stifle Ron's response, before letting him stammer his response. Grunting in pleasure, Ron breathed through the pleasure and finally revealed just what Hagrid had to say, much to Fleur's approval. "It's about the first task…" Ron moaned, watching Fleur raise an eyebrow. Removing his hand from her breast, she walked around in front of him and licked her lips slowly and seductively, making Ron groan in pleasurable approval just at the sight. "It iz?" Fleur said, dropping to her knees and coming face to face with Ron's cock. Fleur was sufficiently adept at sucking cock as she would naturally be having spent so much time with her sister. And whilst her sister was remarkably smaller, Fleur was still capable of deepthroating shafts longer than Gabrielle's seven inches. Just as she was about to demonstrate, "Anymore?" Before Ron could answer, his breath was once more torn away from him as Fleur parted her lips and swallowed four of his nine inches. Her mouth was velvety and warm, sending his cock into bouts of pleasure. Her hand was pleasurable enough, but her lips were incomparable. Every deliciously purposeful movement her mouth made sent Ron into new realms of satisfaction. Her hand continued to jerk back and forth across the remaining five inches, stroking him to keep his whole shaft pleasured. Ron could only imagine that every blowjob would feel like this, but little did he know that Fleur was simply one of the best. His knees began to quiver and shake as he clung to the tree to keep himself upright. Keeping her throat tightly clenched around Ron's cock, Fleur pushed her lips all the way along his shaft, swallowing every last inch he could offer with incredibly ease. Breathing through her nose, Fleur kept amazing composure. Where most girls would be gagging and spluttering, Fleur was casually toying with him, her tongue wrapped sensuously around the base of his shaft, milking more and more pleasure. Bobbing her head up and down, she deepthroated all nine inches of his cock, plunging every inch in and out of her throat every time, savouring the sensation of his cock filling her throat every single time. Dropping her hand down to his balls, she gently began to squeeze them before sharply pinching them. Ron grunted slightly in pain before his body was plunged deep into more pleasure than before, the contrast almost enough to buckle his knees. Pulling her lips off Ron's cock, Fleur smirked, proud of her work. Both her hands wrapped around Ron's cock and she began to jerk him off with both. One hand focussed on the base, squeezing and milking every drop of pre-cum out of his tip as she could, whilst the other hand focussed on his tip, massaging the pre-cum across the head of his cock and the top of his shaft. Not wanting to let her mouth rest easy, Fleur sank lower down and took both of Ron's balls into her mouth, her tongue passing them back and forth as gently played with them. Coating them liberally in saliva, Fleur began to pop them in and out of her mouth before lazily lapping her tongue back across them. Having warned Ginny that Ron was slowly starting to catch onto her relationship with Harry, Hermione began to make her way back to the castle in hopes of going to the library to research the curious notebook that she found. As she made her way swiftly along the path, hurried along by the sharp bitter cold in the air, she heard a curious sound. The slurping sound, echoed by low guttural moans filled the portion of forest through which she was walking and as she staggered around a small patch of trees she was met with a horrifying sight. Her boyfriend had his trousers round his ankles and his cock stuffed down the throat of the gorgeous half naked blonde Beauxbatons Champion. Hermione's heart sank as she witnessed in person, her admittedly new boyfriend betraying her and cheating on him in full view of anyone who walked by. As anger, sorrow and disappointment flooded her heart, she strangely felt an unwanted twinge in her pants. No matter how hard she tried to shake the feeling, Fleur Delacour was just too sexy. Fleur once more pulled her mouth away from Ron's cock, but not to turn her attention towards his balls, but instead to plunge his cock into yet another entirely new pleasure. Adjusting her position, she took his cock and sandwiched it in between her soft, pillowy breasts, the natural firmness of her tits creating the perfect pocket for his cock without Fleur even needing to push them together. That didn't stop her from doing so and thus making her breasts push even tighter around Ron's cock. Dribbling a large amount of saliva down onto her tits, she lubricated her breasts and his cock, making her titjob even slicker. She wasn't averse to using her breasts in such a way, in fact she often did so with people she needed to curry favour with. Her sister didn't care for it, but there was something about just how gorgeous Fleur looked whilst doing such an elicit act that made men and women alike just fall for her. Even more so than they normally did. Starting to move her tits up and down along Ron's cock, she began to tit fuck the boy, his eyes rolling further back into his head, his lips falling permanently open with loud moans dribbling out. She started off slow, gently jerking his cock back and forth with every movement of her soft breasts. But she slowly picked up speed, making sure to add more and more saliva whenever she needed to slicken things up. Ron began to gently thrust into her movements, taking a little agency. And as his balls began to slap against her tits, he felt himself nearing his end. Lowering her lips, she began to suckle on the tip of his cock, using her tits in lieu of her hands, jerking him slowly and steadily. Spicing things up, she began to alternate. Instead of moving up and down with her tits, she moved one up and the other down, sending Ron's cock once again into new realms of pleasure. "C'est beau n'est-ce pas," a voice called from behind Hermione. Glancing behind her, tearing her eyes away from Ron's betrayal, Hermione saw a girl, dressed in the distinctive blue robes of the Beauxbatons. Only she was younger, much younger. The girl strode slowly forwards, fixated on the sex scene playing out before her, eagerly watching her own sister devour the boy's cock with skill and a fascinating elegance. "I'm sorry?" Hermione said, startled at the young girl's sudden appearance and the young girl's vapid fascination with the blowjob occurring in the forest. Surely, she was too young to be drawn to such sexual and adult perversions, Hermione thought. However, she had no idea the true lusty desires that the young girl's mind was full off and the many perversions that she practiced on a day to day basis. Although, she would soon discover just how naughty the young girl could truly be. "Perhaps I should…" Gabrielle smiled, sinking down to her knees in front of Hermione. Gabrielle had a decidedly more forwards approach and lacked the minute delicacy of sexual espionage. However, she did make up for her lack of tactful proposition with pure eagerness. She undid Hermione's jeans before the fourth year could even comprehend what was happening. Her mind was screaming that this was vastly inappropriate, yet her body was urging the young French girl onwards. And as the young girl's small hand wrapped around her cock, she felt herself melt into palm, swayed by her mysterious Veela allure. Hermione watched as the young girl swiftly took her cock into her mouth and with little hesitation slid her lips along her entire shaft until her nose was buried in the tufts of pubic hair at Hermione's crotch. The bushy-haired girl's eyes went wide with awe and a weirdly perverse admiration. There was a part of her that wished she had the deepthroating abilities this young French girl had. She hadn't entertained the notion of having sex since the summer and she hadn't even thought of the possibility of being any good at it. In all honesty, Hermione was still off the mindset that it was a simple necessity and not something to be enjoyed. Yet as she watched the young girl push and pull her lips up and down her cock, Hermione felt something shift inside her. Gabrielle sped her deepthroating up, her hands reaching around to Hermione's arse. Grabbing the girl's plump bum cheeks, she began to massage and grope the delightful handfuls. She used the grip to pull Hermione's hips forwards and inadvertently plunge her cock deeper into the young girl's throat. The tightness of the younger French's girl's mouth was unbelievable and remarkable familiar. Her smaller frame made her holes naturally tighter as Hermione was experiencing to its fullest. Yet despite Hermione's keen and remarkable intellect, she couldn't connect the dots as to where she had felt such tight, warm, delicious pleasures before. That was until Gabrielle plucked her lips off her cock and smiled with a sultry, saliva sticky grin and said… "Recognise moi…" Gabrielle purred, breaking Hermione's fixated gaze away from Ron and Fleur. Glancing down, she watched the younger girl slide her lips down to the base of her cock before winking at her. Hermione's eyes flew wide open as she put the pieces together and joined the dots. The girl was the French woman from the gloryhole. Only she wasn't a woman and more a little girl. Hermione's heart raced as she realised just how perverse the situation was, but as Gabrielle's small hands latched onto her balls, all thoughts of it disappeared. Pushing her lips all the way down on Ron's cock, Fleur deepthroated his entire length one last time. Keeping her lips pressed tightly around the base of his cock, she buried her nose in his rather untamed pubic hair. Clenching her throat around his cock, she focussed on his balls, gently massaging them with her hands. Ron felt himself nearing his end with Fleur's throat being unbelievable. He wasn't sure whether or not he should have warned the French girl he was about to unload down her throat, but wasn't even if sure he could even stammer the words necessary. Unbeknownst to him, Fleur knew exactly how far along he was and was preparing to swallow his entire load. She felt his cock begin to twitch and suddenly several long strands of cum filled her throat. Milking every drop she could, Fleur swallowed it all eagerly, the taste being one of her perverse favourites. "So what iz zis 'agrid saying?" Fleur asked as she wiped a bead of cum away from her mouth and cleared herself up slightly. Pulling her robes back into place, she buttoned them up and turned to Ron. He was breathing heavily and looked to be a little spaced out. Sighing heavily, Fleur dropped her hand to his balls and squeezed them a little harder than she was previously, snapping his mind back to reality. "It's dragons. The first task is dragons," Ron grunted as she sharply squeezed his balls. Gently massaging them until he moaned again, Fleur leaned into his ear and pressed her lips against his neck, leaving a soft love-bite on his neck. Pulling away, she pressed one last kiss on his cheek before leaving him standing in the middle of the woods with his saliva covered cock in full view. "For you," Fleur smiled, picking up her bra and tossing it to him before striding away and in the direction of Hermione and Gabrielle. Briefly panicking as the older French girl walked over to her, Hermione's concerns were quickly dispelled as Fleur planted a single finger on her lips, ushering her silence in. Concerned that Ron would turn around and see her, Hermione found relief as the redhead boy simply tucked his cock away and retreated back to the castle before anyone saw him in such a state of undress. Before Hermione could say anything, Fleur smiled. For the sake of garnering as much information as possible, Fleur purred in the bushy-haired girl's ear, "Care for ze same treatment?" Before Hermione could object or accept, the woman she recognised as Fleur Delacour sank down onto her knees and kissed her young sibling on the cheek, her mouth stuff full of cock. Removing Hermione's cock from her throat, Gabrielle continued to steadily jerk her shaft as she turned towards her sister and roped her into a deep and passionate kiss. Even Hermione couldn't ignore the pure erotic arousal that bubbled up inside her from seeing the two sisters kiss each of in such a deep, loving way. Parting their lips, Gabrielle smirked and offered Fleur Hermione's cock which she greedily accepted. Leaning forwards, the older girl swiftly enveloped the girl's bulbous head taking her shaft deep into her own skilled throat. Much like her sister, Fleur steadily pushed her lips along Hermione's cock until she had swallowed every last inch, her lips pressed snugly against the base of the bushy-haired girl's dick. Hermione was in heaven, with her cock being thrust and pushed into the warmest and most deliciously pleasurable throats she had ever experienced. Both the sisters were incredibly talented, more so than she ever imagined she could be with every single small movement they made sending her deeper and deeper into new realms of pleasure. Gabrielle dipped down below her sister's lips and down towards Hermione's balls. Opening her small mouth, she took one of the girl's balls into her mouth, her tongue working swiftly to cover it in a thin layer of saliva. The sensation of the young girl's tiny tongue moving all across her testicles was unbelievable to Hermione. Moaning like some common whore, Hermione clung to the tree behind her to steady her quivering legs. Swapping to the other ball, Gabrielle offered it the same treatment, her tongue working diligently to play with her balls. Pulling away, she let her hand start to massage the girl's testicles, smearing the saliva across her hand and making her balls glossy and smooth. Leaning her lips to Hermione's creamy and soft thighs, she shot the woman a sly smirk before planting soft pink kisses along her smooth, delicious flesh. Fleur bobbed her head back and forth across a few inches of Hermione's cock before pulling her lips away entirely, leaving her hand to jerk the girl's admirably sized shaft. Gabrielle joined her sister at the tip of her cock and the pair pressed their lips to either side of her head. Hermione gasped, her heart racing in response to the touch of two lips on her cock. The soft pressure the pair gave in their kiss was divine and as they parted their lips and let their tongues glide along either side of her shaft, coating the entire length in saliva. Gabrielle broke contact and took Hermione's tip back into her mouth, swallowing the entire shaft in one long, deep gulp. Bobbing her head back and forth quicker than before, the young French girl worked on getting the girl to cum deep in her throat, unloading her heavy balls into her mouth. However, much to the girl's disappointment, Hermione came to her senses. Hermione's mind snapped back into reality. Looking down at the two French girls, Hermione realised the hypocrisy of the situation. Despite the immense pleasure coursing through her cock from the two sisters, Hermione pulled herself away. Stuffing her hardened cock back into her trousers, Hermione staggered away, confused as to how she got so consumed by the two girls. Embarrassed and ashamed, she quickly fled, leaving the two girls on their knees, saliva on their chins and a disappointment in their minds. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Retreating to the library, Hermione had begun researching into the notebook she had bought from the Quidditch World Cup. Having poured through book after book in search of any tiny reference in regards to the artefact, she finally stumbled up what she was looking for. Having almost given up, she decided instead to work on some homework set by Professors Binns in their History of Magic class. Tasked with writing about various Hogwarts Headmasters and Headmistresses, she accidentally stumbled upon the name in 'Hogwarts Heads: A Brief History'. When it comes to the most influential, yet surprisingly understated Headmasters and Headmistresses of Hogwarts, there is one name which is almost wholly forgotten. Headmistress Leliana Aprhodomina. Usually omitted from the list of Hogwarts Head Teachers due to her reputation as a promiscuous and serial adulterer, Professor Aprhodomina was perhaps equally as responsible for much of the castle's construction as the original founders. She, in secret, created a number of secret rooms and corridors amidst the castle to allow for her sexual endeavours, often with select students that she deemed capable of satiate her desires. In order to understand the mindset behind the teacher and just why she sought such approval and relief, one must first address her appearance. A rather squat, portly and decidedly ugly woman, it is historically regarded as fact that the teacher was rather poorly endowed. Such an observation may seem crude and unnecessary, however when one looks at the lengths she went to rectify her biological disadvantages, it is a likely observation. For, Professor Aprhodomina, in her youth, was bullied heavily for her lack of typical beauty, thus driving her to craft a series of items to rectify her short comings. The Ring of Endowment: a ring worn upon the phallus of any witch or wizard that would extend the length and girth of their phallus as long as it was worn. It is possible the ring had certain potency enchantments to prolong the stamina of the wearer as well, although this Is undocumented. The Clamps of Bust Enhancements: a pair of clamps worn upon the nipples, connected by a silver chain. These would magically enlarge the breasts of anyone who wore them. It is recorded that the clamps would also keep the wearers breasts in perfect form long into old age. The Necklace of Singular Submission: a necklace of amber that allowed the wearer to control the sexual endeavours of a single subject. Used by Aprhodomina to woo those who weren't convinced by her other magical enhancements, the necklace would allow control of a single person indefinitely. It is unclear if the person can be changed once selected or if the choice is permanent to the wearer. The Book of Pleasure Unmasked: a small notebook that would reveal the sexual proclivities, desires and other such relevant information of anyone whose name was written into the book. One could write the name of their closest friend and discover all the perversions that saturated their mind. The Entoxivus Vial: a potion vial containing an unknown liquid that has the ability to transform into a multitude of different potions via a few simple ingredients. The Professor developed a series of sex based potions that incorporated the Vial into them, allowing her to apply various effects to herself and any sexual partner. These items allowed her to achieve the desired sexual mastery that plagued her mind. By using these items, she was able to seduce, woo and have sexual intercourse with anyone she desired. However, before she died, she locked away her greatest secret. She hid it away amidst the castle of Hogwarts, locked behind a vault. As to what is behind the Vault, we do not know. We only know that it requires the five aforementioned items and four willing participants from each Hogwarts house to open. The items have only been collated once during the 1970's before being lost once more. The Ring, Notebook and Vial were lost abroad travelling from collector to collector whilst the Necklace was confiscated by the Ministry for Magic. The Clamps were stolen by dark forces and suspected to have wound up as property of one of the Magical Pureblood families. "Hello," a voice called from behind a bookcase, startling Hermione. The passages she was reading were incredibly interesting, suggesting that she and Ginny both possessed one of these magical artefacts. Turning to face the mysterious voice, she was met with a boy from Durmstrang. He had shaven hair and a small trimmed patch of facial hair. He was decidedly handsome, at least in Hermione's eyes, confusing her as to why he decided to talk to her. "Sorry, are you speaking to me?" Hermione asked, snapping the book shut. It wasn't that she was embarrassed about her reading, only that the subject matter was somewhat distasteful and could be misinterpreted. That it would be a poor first impression for someone to see her reading about the sexual proclivities of a Hogwarts Headmistress. "Eh yes. I've noticed you a few times and wished to tell you that you are very pretty," Krum said boldly and without a sliver of embarrassment. Hermione almost keeled over as he threw her that curveball. "Wow… You're very forward," Hermione stammered, blushing heavily as she turned her head away in embarrassment. Brushing a lock of her hair out from her eye and back behind her ear, she gave the boy who she swiftly recognised as Viktor Krum, the man Ron wouldn't stop gushing over. "Forwards? I'm sorry, my English isn't very good. How am I moving forwards?" Krum asked, taking the literal interpretation of the expression. Confused as to what she meant, he cocked his eyebrow in surprise. "It's an expression. It means you are quite blunt," Hermione explained rather poorly, only receiving another confused look from Krum. Laughing to herself, she blushed another shade of red, turning away before saying, "Probably not the best way to describe it, ah…" "No, I understand… a bit…." Krum began, his voice a little unsure. Correcting himself, he stood straight up and looked at Hermione before courteously asking her, "Would you like to eat with me tonight?" "Sorry, I have a…" Hermione began. She was about to mention Ron, when her mind was filled with the sight of Fleur Delacour deepthroating his dick whilst he coaxed her on. A lump formed in her throat as she remember the sight of that betrayal. Glancing back at Krum, a fire burned in her stomach as she smiled. Checking to see where Madam Pince was, Hermione found her tucked away behind her desk. "You have a?" Krum asked, watching as Hermione stood up and crossed over to where he stood. Shaking with nerves, Hermione felt something take over her impulses and as acted out of something other than logic. "Talk about being forward," Hermione smiled, her mind taken over by a perverse sense of empowerment. Dragging Krum to the back of the library, they ducked into a small alcove. Pushing him back against the wall, she stared down at his crotch and ordered him, "Pants down mister…" "Really?" Krum asked, confused as to what she was saying. He would be lying if he said he hadn't fantasised about such a possibility from the moment he laid eyes on her at the opening feast, but never did he picture it happening. At least not so soon after talking to her. "If Ron can fool around with other women, I can fool around you," Hermione said, sinking down onto her knees. She knew that Ron would be the most pissed off if she was sucking someone off. And sucking of the Quidditch Player he idolised. Rubbing his legs gently, she repeated herself, desperate to get started, "Cock. Out. Now." Krum quickly obliged not wanting to pass up such a pleasurable offer. To have the girl he had been admiring from afar since he arrived on her knees and begging for it (rather order him around for it) was too good of an opportunity. Unfastening his trousers, he let them slip down to his ankles, his thick Bulgarian cock flopping free. Nine inches long, but a little thicker than Ron's, Krum's cock was plenty enough for Hermione. And considering the lust filed haze that was currently clouding her judgement, it was big enough to satiate her needs. As soon as it flopped free and Krum's hands were out of the picture, Hermione latched on, both of her hands wrapping around his shaft and jerking him off steadily. Letting out a loud groan, Krum was quickly hushed by Hermione who glanced one last time towards Madam Pince before she took him into her mouth. Spurred on by her own arousal, Hermione pushed her lips a little too quickly down his shaft. His tip bounced off the back of her throat, causing her to gag and splutter a little ungracefully around his cock. Setting herself straight she began to bob her head up and down the first four inches of his shaft, her mouth unable to fit anymore. Her mind kept flashing back to Fleur's gorgeous mouth deepthroating Ron's cock again and again. The knowledge that he was getting far better blowjobs than she could ever provide annoyed her immensely and as she drew her lips back up to the tip of his cock, Hermione decided to push herself that little bit more. Steeling herself, she slowly swallowed his first four inches, her throat refusing to take anymore. Breathing deeply through her nose, she swallowed, forcing his cock into her throat, uncomfortably. Gagging and spluttering wildly, Hermione did her best to keep her composure, but was unable. Pulling his cock out of her mouth, Hermione feigned purpose and began to drag her tongue all the way along his shaft, coating it in saliva and making sure it shimmered with a glossy shine. Her mind was panicking. She was sucking his cock, but clearly poorly. His moans weren't nearly as pleasured as she hoped, and she was in a constant state of worrying that she was a bad blowjob giver. Wrapping her lips one last time, she kept to what she knew she could do, swallowing his first four inches with ease. Taking notes from Gabrielle and Fleur, she kept her hand jerking the remainder of his shaft, using the saliva from her previous licks to lubricate her handjob. Her other hand, again inspired by the sisters, dropped down to his balls and began to massage them. She clumsily gripped them a little too hard, eliciting a sharp grunt from Krum before she breathed a muffled 'Sowwy' around his cock. Knowing that she needed to up the ante, she pulled her lips away from his cock and with her heart racing, deciding to do something a little… out of her comfort zone. "Well, they make everything bigger down south…" Hermione grinned, smiling seductively up at Krum as her own mind spun out of control. Even she couldn't quite believe that she was saying all these things and being so very forwards in terms of sex. She was unbelievably out of character, acting far more promiscuous than ever before. "If this is being forward, then I can agree very much," Krum groaned, leaning back and simply enjoying the pleasures of the young witch's hands running all along his cock and the sensations of her palm rubbing and grinding against his engorged, sensitive tip. "We're about to get a whole lot more forward, baby…" Hermione groaned, pulling at her own jeans. The rising bulge in her pants was making her a little uncomfortable. Rising to her feet, Hermione quickly unbuttoned the cumbersome trousers and worked them over the plump bum cheeks. Bunching them around her knees, she bent over one of the desks, quickly checking to make sure no one was coming before glancing back at Krum expectantly, her body quivering with nervous anticipation. "You want me to…" Krum asked watching as Hermione spat into her hand and began to massage the lubrication into her arsehole. Moaning at the slightest graze against her hole, Hermione stuck her ass out a little bit more and felt Krum's erection grind against her soft bum, making her moan. "I never let Ron fuck me up the arse. Also, I've never actually been fucked up the ass. Merlin's beard, I don't know why I'm acting like this. I'm never so slutty, but I can't stop," Hermione says, her continuous spouting halted by Krum's cock being slapped in between her cheeks, the tip prodding against her arsehole Moaning, she also felt a twinge of pleasure course through her body due to her cock finally being released. "I will have to thank this Ron…" Krum smirked, before slowly applying pressure to Hermione's arsehole. Slowly, but surely, her virgin hole gave way and he slipped several inches into her bum. Her eyes went wide as she felt herself slowly get full of her first ever cock. It hurt, but in a good way. She had of course experimented before with other objects. She once tried fingering herself, but found getting the angle a little difficult, so she used a few elongated objects she could find on her desk at home. It was never her thing, thus creating her reluctance to have Ron fuck her. But now that Krum had speared her on the end of his cock, she was slowly coming around to the idea. Knowing that the young lady was an anal virgin, Krum started off slowly, gently easing the first three inches of his cock in and out of her arse, slowly but surely loosening her tight ring. Her face was clenched in pain, but as Krum's calloused hands began to massage her arse, she felt her eyes roll closed and her lips part to breathe her first soft moan. Taking this as a cue, Krum began to slide the rest of his cock deep into her untouched bum. Holding onto her soft round him hips, he pulled her back onto his slow, steady thrust, watching as inch after inch disappeared inside her. Hermione's hands flexed as she gripped the table beneath her harder and harder, her nails scratching into the wood. Her mouth fell open as Krum's unending cock plunged deep inside her. Everytime she thought his cock was fully inside her, she was proven wrong as yet more stretched her tight hole, until his crotch finally pressed against her plump bum cheeks, his entire cock settling inside her. Giving her a moment to adjust, Krum felt himself get swept away by the pleasure and began to draw his hips back before letting her fully adjust. Wanting to call out, Hermione steeled herself and allowed Krum to continue. Drawing his hips back until half his cock was still submerged, Krum slowly began to thrust back in. Preferring a slow and sensual speed to furious thrusts, Krum wasn't a stranger to women. This was apparent to Hermione considering his rather cool reaction to seeing a rather sizable cock between her legs. Gently thrusting in and out of her, Krum began to groan in pleasure, his balls slapping against hers as his thrusts became rhythmic and steady. Being sodomised for the first time had Hermione on edge, yet as his cock found its rhythm, she found herself moaning ever so slightly. Feeling her hole adjust almost entirely and the initial pain wear off, Hermione groaned loudly and subconsciously ordered Krum, "Fuck me harder…" Initially taking it slow, Krum wasn't about to refuse her wishes. Drawing his cock out a little swifter, he thrust it back in, watching her bum ripple from the thrust, echoed by Hermione's slutty moans. Savouring the pleasure, Hermione leant forwards and lay her cheek against the surface of the table, her mind focussing on the pleasure of having her ass spread apart. Feeling Krum rutting behind her and slowly thrusting harder and harder, Hermione slipped a hand between her legs to jerk herself off, only to beaten to the punch. Graciously and gentlemanly, Krum dropped his hand down to her cock. Being no stranger to a woman's shaft, he was more than ready to start jerking her shaft back and forth, with a surprising degree of skill. Cupping her balls at first, he quickly wrapped his hand around her shaft, jerking her forwards at an angle, milking dribbles of pre-cum down and onto the floor. Starting to fuck her harder, Krum filled the room with soft slapping sounds. The crashing of his hips against his bum was mirrored by his slow and steady jerking of her cock. Hermione was moaning into the table as she let herself get fucked. The urge to control the situation slowly dissipated and she allowed herself to be at the whims of someone else, being controlled and being fucked. Every time his cock pushed back inside her, she felt his shaft grinding against her prostate, milking her body for pleasure as her cock tingled and twitched. Biting her lip, she felt her ring stretch as he pushed deeper and deeper. Due to this being her first ever fuck, combined with the pent-up pleasure she had built with Fleur and Gabrielle, Hermione felt herself teetering on the edge. Krum was much the same with the untouched tightness of Hermione's arse bringing him closer and closer to the edge. Starting to slam his hips forwards, he felt himself push himself across the line, his cock twitching and pulsing deep inside Hermione. Long strands of cum pushed deep into her bum, the new and brilliant sensation enough to make her cum. Krum aided in milking her cock across the floor, with several long strands of cum landing on the wooden panelling of the Library floor. Pulling his cock out of Hermione, Krum shot the last of his cum up along her back and onto the back of her hoodie which was bunched up around her stomach. "Wow. I very much enjoy this being forward…" Krum groaned as Hermione withdrew her wand and cleaned both her and Krum's cock up. Standing up straight, she pulled her jeans back of her arse, stuffing her cock back into its place. Button herself up, she quickly straightened her hair and such out before turning back to Krum. "As do I," Hermione smiled, watching as Krum stowed his cock back in his trousers. Slowly reverting back to her more nervous demeanour and timidly asked him, "Did you say something about Dinner." Krum nodded stoically before offering her his arm. Taking it eagerly, she wore a huge grin as they wove their way back through the library. Hermione quickly managed to grab the book she was reading and tucked it under her arm before accompanying Krum to dinner. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. Not my favourite chapter to write, but still enjoyable. I'm not a massive fan of Krum. Always felt like he was the least interesting champion and by far the most underwritten one. However, this chapter is pretty necessary considering just how it ties into everyone's relationships and how necessary it is for later chapters. Still fun though! And just a forewarning. For anyone who wants a full Hermione/Fleur or a full Hermione/Fleur/Gabrielle, don't be disappointed by this chapter. Intend for a full chapter to be devoted to that later down the road! The next chapter is one that I have been super excited about and is definitely one that I am going to enjoy. I may over indulge myself, but that will probably be for the better. Let's just say that Harry accepts a previous proposal in order to get himself ready for the first task. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Thanks for the amount of feedback on the last chapter. It really wasn't my favourite, but you guys responded really quite well to it which is encouraging. It's spurred me on to starting this chapter straight away. I've also looked forwards to writing this chapter and the next chapter a whole lot, so forgive me if I get a little carried away. I'm going to try and keep the same schedule of uploading on Mondays at least all the way to Christmas. I also figured out if I keep to that schedule of one chapter a week, Christmas Day coincides with the Yule Ball chapter, so that should be a fun little Christmas Present to look forwards to. I have a whole lot planned for that one! Very exciting! I have also created yet another poll (sorry for having another one so soon after the last). I felt that instead of going through reviews, I would just create a poll to decide who Tonks will be paired with in the one-shot. I've put in all your suggestions as well as a few of my own and a few choice groupings for you to vote on. I've decided that you can choose two just because there are so many choices and I want to get a fair judgement on them all! Enough of my ramblings (they get longer and longer each time!) and onto the next chapter for a little flying practice before the big first task! Enjoy! Chapter 15: Practice and Preparation Nerves were flooding Harry's stomach as the day of the first task slowly ticked closer and closer. Had he not been approached by Professor Moody and coaxed in the direction of his tactic for success, Harry would have been going in blind with the bare bones of a plan. But he and Moody worked for the day, teaching Harry the necessary spell and getting him in the right mindset. All the remained was some last-minute flying practice before the big day tomorrow. And for that, Harry had recruited some help. Without Ron to help him and with him wanting to distance himself a little from Ginny so that Ron didn't suspect anything and go on a full rampage, Harry was forced to look elsewhere for a flying partner. Doing a few laps of the field, he was drawn to a halt by a series of loud screeches coming from the stands. A group of girls (a massive group of girls) were there, their eyes fixed on the air, barely able to contain themselves. Harry thought for a moment they were there to see him, but soon enough, Viktor Krum burst past him and began to circle the pitch, showing off. Speeding back and forth, performing trick after trick, he milked the girls for every shred of appreciation they could muster. Had it been under different circumstances, Harry may have been there in the crowd, clapping him on, but as it stood, he was nothing more than annoyed by it. "Bit of a show off, isn't he?" A voice said, flying up beside him. Glancing to his left, he was met with the cheery face of Katie Bell, whose eyes were fixed on Krum, with a certain disdain burning behind them. She had supported Ireland in the world cup and was still a little bitter about the loss. "Just a wee bit. Makes you wonder what he's gonna go do for the first task," Harry mused, adjusting his gloves as they watched Krum perform trick after trick in lieu of actual practice. He was definitely skilled when it came to Quidditch, hence his place in the Bulgarian National team, but right now he was all about flash, his movement echoed by the various screeches of different girls. If one looked really hard, you would see Hermione sat several metres away from the group, silently watching on as Krum buzzed back and forth. "I still can't believe it's dragons," Katie said. Harry had of course filled her in on the first task having first asked her to practice with him a few days ago. Harry had to quickly quieten her shocked gasps, worried that other people would overhear her. Quickly nudging Harry, she informed him, "Thank Merlin that you chose today to practice as well. Mcgonagall is closing off the pitch even for Quidditch Practice until next year." "Really? Well, better get a move on then," Harry said speeding off as he tried to become more familiar with his broomstick once more. He and Katie spent hours practicing different Quidditch drills that could possibly help him a fight with a dragon. However, it quickly became apparent that Quidditch drills weren't an apt substitute for a fire breathing dragon and no matter how hard Katie tried, she couldn't keep up with Harry on his Firebolt. They practiced a few times with Katie speeding behind him as if she were a dragon, using her wand to cast Incendio, sending plumes of fire ahead of her, almost singing the back of Harry's broom. After several hours, they slowly ground to a halt, conceding to the fact that further practice most likely wouldn't be very beneficial. Flying towards the ground, the pair elegantly hopped off their brooms and stumbled towards the changing rooms, both of them tired and sweaty. "Thanks for that Katie. I needed the practice. It's nice to know someone's still on my side," Harry smiled as the pair began to make their way to the showers, their legs a little weak and unsteady after so much practicing. He hadn't considered the fact that he would feel drained after practicing. And with the task so soon on the horizon, Harry didn't really contend for keeping himself in proper shape. "Are you kidding? After the hammering Hufflepuff gave us last year, I'll do anything to make sure that smug grin gets wiped of Diggory's face!" Katie laughed, clapping Harry on the back. Katie was still bitter from the Quidditch defeat the previous year, despite the dementor attack on Harry. Rounding the corner, Harry and Katie came into view of the showers only to be met with an incredibly annoying sight. Krum had obviously retreated into the boy's side of the shower block, followed by the swooning crowd of girls who were waiting not so patiently outside. They kept pushing different girls into the changing room, giggling as they almost sneak a peek at Krum before retreating swiftly. "Damn… Don't really fancy fighting my way through them…" Harry sighed annoyed that he would probably have to go without or at least wait to get a shower. He could very well return to the common room like this considering just how much ridicule he was already under. It was at that point, Katie suggested something a little more risqué and interesting. "Well… you could always just use the girl's? I don't mind," Katie smiled, trying her hardest not to blush at the prospect. Looking at Harry expectantly, she smiled, Harry quickly realising she was serious. The showers in the men's side were communal with one big open space with multiple heads making Harry assume that the women would be identical. And whilst Katie was a decidedly attractive girl, Harry wasn't exactly excited about the prospect of sharing showers, considering his proclivity to harden at the simple sight of a naked girl. "Are… you sure?" Harry said, a little nervously. Despite his various forays into sexual exploration, Harry was still a little nervous. And being invited to shower with a hot naked girl was leading his mind to jump conclusions. However, unbeknownst to Harry, he wouldn't be shy and nervous for long. "Yeah, but best be quick. Those girls see you going in and it'll be the end of your reputation at Hogwarts" Katie said, growing a little bolder and grabbing Harry's hand before dragging him quickly towards the girl's entrance. Peering around, they quickly made sure no one was looking before ducking inside. As the door swung open, the room slowly illuminated, sconces around the wall bursting into life. The bathroom was identical to the male counterpart. One wall was lined with metal lockers with the other side opening into the shower. From the entrance, you couldn't see directly into the showers, with the white tiled room being embedded into the wall. "What about my stuff?" Harry asked, wondering if he'd eventually have to sneak over to the men's version to grab his clothing or whether he'd just have to make do with the sweaty stuff he was wearing. Propping his Firebolt up against the wall, he watched as Katie walked over to one of the lockers. "The lockers are charmed to have your stuff in them whenever you open them. Works across both genders. Learnt that in my third year sneaking over to the boy's," Katie said, opening one locker to display her stuff, the frilly hem of a pair of pink lacy panties just visible to Harry. Closing the locker, she opened another revealing the identical locker full of her stuff. Dropping her broom, Katie began to casually strip without any shame or modesty, causing Harry to be a little startled. "What were you doing sneaking over to the boy's?" Harry asked a little curious and worried about Katie's snooping. Worrying that he had even fewer secrets that he already did. Little did he know that Katie was already incredibly familiar with both his and Ginny's anatomy having spent a fair while watching them as they played with one another in the common room. "Angelina and Alicia wanted a peek. I kind of did as well," Katie smiled, casually and shamelessly pulling her top over her head revealing her bra. With one swift movement, she unhooked the garment and dropped it into a pile on the floor, her breasts casually bouncing free. Harry didn't know exactly where to look as she stood in front of him slowly stripping. From what he could tell, any sexual tension between the two was only felt one way as Katie seemed to ignore any feeling of arousal from the situation. Harry's cock was already hard, pushing painfully against his trousers and his fears of being aroused around a naked friend were becoming a reality. For all intents and purposes, it appeared as if Katie was just wanting to shower, revealing her body as if it was nothing. As she hooked her fingers into the band of her trousers, she stopped, looking up at him, "Do you know about… witches?" "Oh, yeah… You heard me with Rita, didn't you?" Harry answered, confused as to why she was asking. Katie was just playing the situation up, enjoying and revelling in Harry's awkwardness. She had every intention of at least trying to move on Harry, but she wanted to torment him a little before indulging herself. Being completely unashamed of her naked body was just the tip of the iceberg. "Yeah, just wanted to make sure you knew it was all witches," Katie said, dropping her trousers and kicking them off the end of her feet. Standing completely naked in-front of Harry, she crossed slowly over towards her locker, her soft penis bouncing alongside her. Much to Harry's surprise, from the small glimpse he got of her, she wasn't massively endowed. At least not nearly as much as Ginny, Luna and even Rita. She appeared comparatively smaller. Casting a glance over her shoulder, she smirked, saying, "Wouldn't want you to catch a glimpse and faint with fright." Harry was a little confused about what exactly was happening. Katie seemed to be acting much like a boy would in the locker room. A little boisterous and very Locker-room talk. It was quite jarring. His starting experience with Ginny left him with the impression that a lot of girl were embarrassed about having people see them naked. Luna was the exception, but Harry passed that off as Luna being Luna. Katie stripping down and waving her private parts about like it was nothing, complete changed his perception and left him feeling a little out of place. "Yeah. Wouldn't want that," Harry said, watching as she turned and walked swiftly towards the showers, her bum bouncing delectably along behind her. Standing there for a moment, confused as to what was happening, Harry contemplated his options. He could just leave, but that would be incredibly awkward. Deciding just to go for it, Harry tepidly began to remove his clothing, stripping down to his boxers. Debating whether or not he should go into the shower in his boxers, Harry decided against it, slipping the garment of his legs and letting his cock bouncing free and completely hard before slowly and a little nervously walking around and into the shower. "Don't be nervous Harry. We've all seen naked people. I mean it's not like we're fucking. Just mates showering after Quidditch practice," Katie said as he shuffled into the shower. Her body was already glistening wet, her hair slick and sleek down her back, droplets of water rolling like beads over her creamy white flesh, dripping down from her erect and hardened nipples. As soon as she said that, she turned immediately back round a little quicker than she intended. Seeing Harry and his hardened cock (admittedly hidden poorly behind his hands) set a fire in her stomach as she felt the effect start to rise in her crotch. "Yeah, I guess," Harry smiled, a little more amenable to the idea of showering with her. Turning on one of the shower heads, Harry began to slowly wash himself, having quickly grabbed his shower gel from a locker once he had stripped. Soaking his body seemed to soothe the aches in his body and as he slowly began to relax a little. At least more so than when he entered. Becoming quickly more comfortable around Katie whilst naked, Harry slowly felt his bones begin to untense. That was until Katie opened her mouth again. "Could you do my back?" Katie asked, knowing exactly what effect such a promiscuously innocent question would have on Harry. Turning her back to Harry, she swept her hair over her shoulder, revealing the toned, pale flesh of her back, rolling down into her surprisingly plump bum. Harry didn't know why it surprised him, but considering how flowing and loose their Quidditch robes were, it wasn't hard to imagine he never got a good view. Although Harry was surprised he hadn't noticed such a delectable behind when she was dressed in jeans or casual clothing. Nodding, dutifully, Harry slowly began to approach her from behind, carefully conscious of his exposed hardened cock. Katie offered him her bar of soap and turned away, subtly pushing her bum out behind her, accentuating the perfect roundness of her butt. Gently rubbing the soap across her back, Harry quickly worked up a slick lather that slowly moved down to her bum, coating it in a thin soapy layer. Breathing deeply, Harry pulled the soap away and began to use his hands to spread the soap across her back, the touch of her soft skin giving him pause. The simple unexpected graze caused Katie to shiver slightly before smiling, enjoying the touch of his hands on her back. Even though she was naked, Harry still couldn't believe how beautiful she was. Easily being the most attractive member of the Quidditch team (though that wasn't saying much considering the two other lovely ladies), Katie had always been gorgeous in Harry's eyes. Even now, with her naked, he still found that cute and impish smile the most arousing part of her. Although his cock would wholeheartedly disagree. She was remarkably toned, even muscular in areas. Her muscles were more apparent when flexing, but even when relaxed she had a gorgeous sharpness to her body that looked simply divine when compared with the round and plump curves of her bum, breasts and hips. Losing himself in the moment, Harry lost track of himself. Stepping a little too far forwards, Harry's heart stopped as he felt the tip of his hardened cock bounce softly against her arse, the head of his cock leaving a smear of pre-cum on her soft skin. Quickly stepping back and dropping the soap, Harry almost slipped, but managed to steady himself, his face blushing incredibly red. "A little excited, Harry?" Katie chuckled, biting her lip as she turned around, showing off her equally hard shaft just as shamelessly as she displayed the rest of her body. Giggling slightly, she wiped her bum clean and picked up the soap, revelling ever so slightly in Harry's uncomfortableness, "I'd be lying if I wasn't the same." "Sorry," Harry said, swiftly turning away much to Katie's annoyance. It wasn't that she was angry he wasn't jumping her and bending her over as she secretly wished, but that he seemed to shy away from the simple act of looking at a naked body. Sure, it was a woman's body and a friend's, but that didn't mean he should be embarrassed. Especially not in the company of friends. Taking his embarrassment, a little personally, she popped the soap up on a ledge and walked slightly towards him. "No, it's natural. You see a naked girl, you get hard. I see a naked guy, or girl for that matter, I get hard. It's life," Katie said, explaining just how she saw it. They were friends and it was natural to have their bodies react in such a way. It wasn't that she was angry at Harry, just that she thought it was an important note to make. "I guess. Yeah, you're right," Harry said, turning towards her, a smile on his face and the air of uncomfortable nature bleeding away. Looking at Katie, he was met with a grin as she gently reached out and punched him on the shoulder, cementing his view of her as simply a teammate. It didn't matter that she was a woman, there was no reason to be so rigid and tense in her presence. It emboldened him a little, giving him a tepid confidence. "Yeah. You can look at me and get aroused and I can look at you and get aroused. It's natural. It only gets complicated if we were to act on it, you know. Start touching…" Katie said, emboldened by the moment and reaching forward to wrap her hand around his cock, only to swiftly retract it, the shy and impish side of her taking over as she retreated to her side of the shower, "No, sorry. That was too far. I shouldn't have done that." "No. It's alright," Harry said swiftly, giving her pause and causing her to turn back towards him expectantly. Realising that she was expecting him to say something profound and meaningful to justify her rather abrupt and swift fondle of his cock, Harry stammered out, "We're friends." "Doesn't mean we should be fuck," Katie said, leaning against the side of the shower, lifting her leg to hide her cock from Harry's view. Harry turned to face her fully, his cock entirely exposed for Katie to see, fall hard against his thigh as he looked at her. "No… but… You're hard. I wouldn't feel right leaving you like that considering you can't relieve yourself. I could… give a hand," Harry said, growing bolder, much to Katie's excitement, her face beaming as he suggested what he was suggesting, "You know as friends. I couldn't rightly have you walking to Gryffindor Tower like that." "No?" Katie said, a smirk on her face as she inched herself closer and closer towards Harry, opening herself up a little bit more, her cock coming back into view as for the first time since they walked in, the pair were looking directly at one another fully and without embarrassment. The pair shuffled back and forth on their feet, a little unsure as to who should move next, admiring each other's bodies. Quidditch had done them both some good, with both of them having the beginning hints of a six pack on their stomach. Harry's cock was longer and thicker than Katie's, but Katie was fonder of being the bottom incidentally. Finally, the silence was broken by Katie who murmured, "Like what you see?" "Yeah…" Harry said, a little less excitedly than Katie hoped, causing her to look at him a little confused. His eyes were fixated on her cock, more specifically the shaven crotch, a sight he hadn't yet seen and was a little enthralled with. "Yeah? Not so enthused?" Katie smiled, cocking her hips and offering him a wry smirk. Slowly inching closer to Harry, she ran her hand along his arm, gently stroking his skin, the simple touch bringing goosebumps to Harry's skin, water cascading down over his shoulders. "It's just… I've not seen one that's shaven like that," Harry answered honestly as her cock bounced closer to his, their heads gently grazing one another, the fleeting touch enough to make the pair moan soft, before chuckling in unison, the situation getting the best of them. "Really? I find it easier this way. Stuff doesn't get in the way," Katie smiled, her hand dropping to her own shaft, pulling it out of the way to display her freshly shaven cock. Letting her cock fall back into place, she looked up at Harry and asked boldly, "Would you like me to… shave you?" Nodding, Harry was a little taken aback by the idea but wasn't liable to deny such an offer. Katie smiled and swiftly crossed over to her locker, grabbing her bag of shaving equipment. Normally, she would use magic to shave herself, but doing that for Harry would deny her the opportunity to get up and close with Harry, although she was confident they would be getting very personal very soon. Walking swiftly back over to Harry, she sank down onto her knees in front of Harry's cock before opening the small shaving bag. Taking some shaving foam, Katie made sure to cover the entirety of his crotch with the white foam, tenderly manoeuvring around it cock. Breathing deeply, she then began to massage his balls, coating them in a thin layer and eliciting a moan of approval from Harry. Once he was sufficiently cover, she began to shave him, using her razor to delicately make her way across his crotch, leaving him cleanly and freshly shaven. As she continued, she delicately wrapped her hand around his cock, pulling it different directions to get the effect she need. Finally, she moved to his balls, making special effort to keep everything clean and even. Harry was stifling moans as she tenderly moved his cock and balls around, trying his best not to look like he was enjoying it all though that was Katie's primary purpose. As she finished up, she cleaned him off, wiping away excess and admiring it. "Perfect… Now when I do this…" Katie said admiring her work before holding his cock steady. Leaning in, Katie parted her lips and took the tip of his cock into her mouth. Moaning at the taste, Katie flooded his cock with gentle orgasmic vibrations, causing Harry to moan alongside. Surprised by her sudden movement, Harry watched as she swiftly plunged her lips down his shaft, swallowing every single inch of his cock and pressing her plump lips against the base of his cock. Flexing her throat, Katie swiftly pulled her mouth back up his shaft and plucked her lips from his cock before letting her hand start to jerk him steadily, "It doesn't get in my nose." Moaning as Katie continued to jerk him off, Harry reclined against the wall of the shower, letting the shower head douse him liberally with water, making her hand movements slicker and more pleasurable. Biting her lip, Katie grabbed a small hair band from her shaving bag and tied her hair back in a ponytail to make the next part easier. Having warmed up her throat, she was confident her mouth could take a little more forceful persuasion. "You know… I saw you and Ginny in the common room that one time. It was super-hot. You very sensual with her. Nice and slow," Katie purred, revealing herself to Harry, having watched them play with each other a few weeks ago. Biting her lip as she jerked Harry off, she finished, "I don't like it nice and slow. I like rough… Don't treat me like your ginger princess. Treat me good and proper…" Opening he mouth once more, Katie took his cock into her mouth and pulled her hands away. Bobbing her head up and down a few times, she eventually plunged her lips down and along his shaft, submerging his entire cock in her warm, tight and flexing throat. Moaning in response to the delicious pleasure coursing through his cock, Harry felt Katie begin to tease him with her throat, tightening and contracting the muscles in her neck to play with and please his cock. Her hand gently squeezed his balls before falling down to her own body, finding their familiar places. One hand found her cock and the other found her arse, gently beginning to play and probe her tight behind in preparation for what she hoped would be a furious fucking. Catching onto her intentions, Harry slowly wrapped his hand around her ponytail, taking her head firmly into his control. Grinning inside, Katie waited for him to start to use her throat as if it were just a toy at his disposal. Closing her eyes and breathing through her nose, she felt a gentle tug as her hair was pulled upwards. Fighting his grip, she waited for him to proper pull her head upwards and as she felt herself slowly lose control of her mouth, she waited to relish the erotic pleasure she would be feeling. Pulling her lips back along his own cock, Harry looked down at her for some form of conformation, but got none back. Instead of shying away, he embraced it and as he drew her head back up to the tip of his cock, he used his grip to slam her throat back down on his cock, causing her to gag and splutter slightly at the sudden forceful push. Harry's conformation came in the form of a deep lusty moan that reverberated along his cock, but he was so engrossed in pleasure that he failed to register it as such, instead beginning to move her mouth up and down his cock as if it were him jerking himself off. Having control over Katie's throat was incredibly satisfying as he began to fuck her throat with his cock, sliding her lips up and down his shaft slowly at first, but with a growing fervour. Grunting as he tugged her hair back and forth, Harry felt saliva start to dribble and pour down his cock, Katie being unable to swallow it with his constant throat fucking. Wrapping both his hands around Katie's ponytail, he held her head in place, instead opting to thrust into her mouth instead of moving her mouth. A little annoyed that he wasn't being as rough as before with her, Katie was quickly quietened as he slammed his hips into her mouth, his cock plunging deeper into her throat than before, his balls slapping audibly against her wet, saliva slick chin. Holding her throat in place, Harry (consumed by pleasure) began to fuck hard and fast into her soft wet throat, pounding her mouth as if it were her arse, his balls slapping loudly and rhythmically against her chin, the soft supple gargling sounds of her throat being invaded time and time again filled the room. Katie's hand was speeding back and forth across her own cock, the pleasure causing her to moan around Harry's cock whenever it briefly filled her throat before retreating and doing so again. Her other hand peeled her arse cheeks apart and was slowly easing two fingers in and out of her water soaked behind. Grunting as he began to tire from the fucking, Harry grabbed Katie by the hair pulled her over to the wall, her throat still full of his cock. Pushing her back against the wall, Harry used the wall to fuck against, pinning her head between his cock and the tiled surface allowing him to speed up. The new position angled her throat upwards allowing him to sink his hips downwards and slip his cock deeper into her clutching spasming throat. Katie had a fetish for being submissive and Harry was giving her immense relief when it came to her kink. Having his cock slam in and out of her throat without her control was making her cock twitch with anticipation. The pain of having her head pushed against the wall with each deep powerful thrust was also sparking a deep fetish inside her, a fetish for pain which would be deliciously explore in only a moment. Pulling his cock out of her throat, Harry watched as she gasped for air, saliva dribbling out of her mouth. Imbued by a brilliant confidence and the fact that Katie wasn't objecting, Harry quickly grabbed her, giving her nearly no time to adjust. Wrenching her to her feet, he pressed her roughly against the wall, her cheek pushed against the tiles. Crouching down behind her delightfully attractive bum, Harry sharply spanked her, watching with eager eyes as bright red handprints grew on her butt cheeks. "Oh, spank me! I've been a naughty girl," Katie moaned, savouring the sharp pain that rose from the burning red handprint on her plump, pale skin. Harry felt his cock twinge in arousal from Katie's sultry words and he gladly indulged, her lifting his hands and striking her painfully once again. Where other girls would gasp and groan in pain, Katie moaned lustily, the pain being a delicious kink of hers. Spanking her sharply once more, Harry instead of peeling hands away to do so again, peeled her cheeks apart, revealing her tight, constricted asshole. Before she could realise his intentions, she felt it. His tongue lunged straight for her hole running circles around her rosebud. Moaning even louder from the attention, Katie pushed her arse back, hoping his tongue would pierce her hole. However, Harry had other ideas. Refraining from diving deep into her ass, Harry instead teased her, prodding her hole and toying her with the idea of his tongue wriggling deep inside her delectable hole. Taunting her for another moment, his sudden push inside her bum was accentuated by his loudest and sharpest slap, eliciting a squeal of pleasured pain from Katie as her arse ran red raw. Massaging her cheeks whilst his tongue pushed inside, Harry began to explore her tight hole, his tongue nestled in the crook of her arse. Letting her cheeks fall back in place, almost smothering him, Harry rose his hands once more and spanked her hard. The sharp slap caused her hole to tighten around his tongue, pulling him deeper and deeper into her ass. Katie has a soft spot for oral when it came to someone giving it to her arse. She rarely indulged in proper lube and instead preferred the rougher and rawer experience of simple saliva. Not only did it make the administering of the natural lubrication incredibly fun, but saliva also gave that initial penetration a little edge. Bring one of his hands to her asshole, Harry gently slid one of his fingers into her hole alongside his tongue, spreading her hole wider to accommodate his cock, something which Harry didn't need to do considering Katie's endeavours with Angelina and Alicia. Moaning at the intrusion, Katie once more squealed as Harry's free hand spanked her painfully. A second finger quickly entered her with ease, followed by a third convincing Harry that Katie was more than adept at taking cock. Dribbling a last bit of saliva into her arse and using his tongue make sure it was spread evenly, Harry pulled away and stood up behind her, flopping his cock down between her cheeks. "Fuck me good and proper. None of this slow and sensual shit. I want a good hard f…" Harry placed the tip of his cock against Katie's tight arsehole listening as she begged him to fuck her hard and fast. Before she could finish, Harry forced himself forwards, her well used arse giving his cock access with ease. Plunging his entire shaft inside her, Harry revelled in the delicious sound of his hips colliding with her bum. Moaning loudly, from the immediate penetration, Katie finished her sentence with a deeply pleasured groan, "uck…" Normally Harry would wait a moment and allow Katie to adjust to the rather sudden and massive intrusion. Little did he know, she was used to far more sizable shafts plundering her rear entrance. However, he decided that Katie wasn't that type of girl and whilst she would have been adjusting to his cock slamming into her arse, Harry pulled his shaft backwards until only the tip remained inside her tight flexing arsehole before hammering home once again, causing her to gasp and squeal in pleasure, the words 'yes' pouring from her mouth each time he slammed his cock all the way back inside her. Pinned against the wall, Katie kept pushed her arse back into Harry's powerful thrusts, forcing his cock deeper inside her plump behind. The room filled with the slapping sound of his balls against hers as well the audible ripple of her arse jiggling. The sight of him bum shaking with each thrust was enough to turn Harry's attention back to the bubble butt before him. As he slammed forwards again, he raised both his hands and once again sharply spanked Katie's behind. Feeling her legs almost fall out from beneath her, Katie clung desperately to the wall, her ramblings, moans and general mutterings becoming louder and louder with each powerful fuck. Speeding up, Harry found his rhythm, his body starting to ache from the fury of his fucking. His mind overthrew his body, speeding his movements up as a thin layer of sweat formed over both Katie and Harry despite the constant plume of water from the shower above. Katie was trying to keep her mind focused as she relished the sensation of having arse pounded. Despite her and Angelina's many forays into sexual exploration, she found Angelina was far too protective to properly fuck her despite her proclivity for doing so with the twins. So, Katie had to watch as the twins got speared again and again at a delicious pace knowing that she would never experience such a sensation from Angelina. But now Harry was fulfilling her erotic fantasies. Hammering back and forth, Harry began to spank her multiple times at once. Every now and again, he'd unload a series of quick sharp slams onto her arse, her skin turning redder and redder with each slap, almost blistering as he continued his attentions. His cock was in an amazing state of pleasure as he sank back and forth into her arse. It wasn't the tightest, considering her past indulgences, but the speed and fervour at which he could fuck her was unbelievable. He could squeeze five thrusts into the time that it would take to do one thrust into a tighter arsehole, leaving Harry in pleasure heaven. He didn't even consider how Ginny would feel about this, despite her past musing on the idea of multiple partners. Moaning in unison, the Katie began to slip, her legs weakening from the rather potent attention Harry was giving her. Pulling her hips back onto his cock, Harry didn't really begin to notice, but Katie did. Clinging to the wall, she just managed to drop a hand down to her cock to relieve the pleasure that was building there. Jerking her hand back and forth, she felt herself about to cum. Jerking herself furiously, she spurted several long strands of cum down and across the floor, her orgasm getting swiftly washed away into the drain. Harry didn't even notice, only feeling her arse clench slightly before turning back to normal. Katie had half the heart to tell him to stop so she could recover, but decided the pleasure was too great for either of them to stop. "Harder! Fuck me harder! Talk dirty to me baby…" Katie begged as Harry began to speed up, lifting his hands to spank her again and again, watching her creamy pale ass turn a delectable ruby red. Rubbing his hands across her behind, Harry sank his cock into her arse entirely, simply enjoying the slower pace for a moment before speeding up once again, crashing his hips back and forth, the sweet echoing sound of flesh smacking against flesh filling the shower. Not even the pouring water of the showers could drown it out. "Oh yeah, you filthy Quidditch slut…" Harry moaned, reaching forwards and grabbing Katie's ponytail, jerking it sharply backwards, causing her to grunt in pain, a pleasure delirious grin on her face as she enjoyed being destroyed by Harry's more rough treatment. Despite the pleasure, Harry found being more dominant and leading the sex incredibly freeing and enjoyable. And hearing Katie's whorish moans in response to Harry's rougher approach spurred him on. "I'm your Quidditch slut!" Katie squealed as Harry slammed one last time into her arse. Pulling his cock out of her arse, Harry quickly turned Katie around to face him. Unsure as to what he was doing, Katie simply let herself get moved around by him and was ecstatic when she learned what he had planned. Hooking his hands underneath her thighs, Harry lifted her up in the air, pinning the smaller girl against the wall of the shower with his body. Instinctively wrapping her legs around his waist, she let Harry lower her body, impaling her loosened arse on his cock in one swift movement, his cock quickly being lodged all the way inside Katie once more. Starting to hammer his cock in and out of her, Harry groped her bum cheeks spreading them wider to give his cock more access, getting deeper into her unbelievable arse. Katie buried her head into his shoulder, biting her lip as she clung to his muscular form. Her legs were starting to go limp and slip a bit, but Harry's hands grabbed her and held her in place. The pleasure and pain coursing through her body was making her a little delirious as she focussed on remaining conscious her ass getting pounded again and again. Her cock was pinned between their stomachs with each powerful thrust pushing it upwards, milking more and more pre-cum out of her cock and onto Harry and hers belly. Each slap of his balls against her flesh was enunciated by moans and groans from both of them. Katie's were muffled as she groaned into Harry's neck, but Harry's began to fill the room, his moans echoing. The sound of wet flesh slapping against wet flesh filled the shower, the water still pouring down over their steamy, sweaty bodies. Pulling her head away from Harry's neck, she rested her forehead against Harry's looking into his eyes as pleasure surged through both their bodies. Swept away with the moment, she leant in and captured his lips with her own, pressing her lips firmly and passionately against his. Returning the favour, Harry battle her, his tongue demanding dominance and batting hers out of the way. This was enough for Katie, her cock spurting cum across their bellies as Harry continued to slam into her. Each thrust milked more cum from her cock and as she ran dry, each pound made her cock sing with incredibly sensitive pleasure that was borderline painful. Harry was nearing his end and as Katie pulled her lips away to moan in tandem with her orgasm, he felt his cock on the edge. Pulling his shaft out of her arse, he dropped her to the floor, her legs crumbling leaving her sitting on painfully pleasured arse. Jerking his own cock furiously, he unloaded strand of cum after strand of cum over her water glistened face, plastering her with cum. Looking down, he savoured the sight before the water began to wash it away and Katie eagerly swallowed that which she could. "Not bad Harry… Not fucking bad…" Katie laughed, staggering to her feet and wincing ever so slightly. Her bum ached from Harry's rather brusque ministrations. Adjusting her position in order to mitigate the pain, she chuckled, savouring the slight pain, "Yeah, I'm gonna feel that for a couple days." "Sorry, maybe I shouldn't have been so rough," Harry chuckled as Katie leant on the wall to steady her uncertain footing. "No. When I say rough, I want rough," Katie smiled, taking the hair band out of her hair and soaking herself in the water. Glancing back at Harry shared a look, "I'm gonna wash up… I'll see you in the common room? Thanks Harry. That meant a lot to me…" "Me too…" Harry said, his heart fluttering briefly as his mind forgot about Ginny, simply savouring the moment of high school romance. There was something about that encounter that was a little more real. He found himself being a little bit more open with her and vice versa. Not that he was acting around Ginny, but it simply felt like he and Katie had an understanding as to what they each wanted. "Hey, if you ever get tired of that slow and sensual stuff," Katie smiled, looking over her shoulder and sticking her still red raw bum out towards him. Reaching around, she gently spanked herself before winking at Harry, before saying, "You know where to come…" Author's Note: What did you guys think of that? I hope you enjoyed it! It was very interesting to have Harry taking the lead and I thought who better for him to do that with than the delectable Katie. I love her, and I really adore her as a character at least in the context of this story. I think it's an interesting dynamic to have her being such a submissive character sexually, whilst not being a timid submissive weakling as a person. It's really fun to write someone like that and I think it's easily one of my favourite chapters. Also, I am aware that I borrowed the locker charm idea from Futadom and his story 'Harry Potter Futanari Oneshots' but it was the only way I figured that made sense. Also, if you like this story and haven't read Futadom's story then you really must. It's very good and actually what inspired me to start this story. Would love to know what you guys think though! I hopefully want to include Katie a little bit more, but entirely up to you guy's feedback. Let me know through a review or even PM. And remember to vote in the poll for who you want Tonks paired with in the One-shot. The next chapter is an interesting one to say the least. It's finally time for the first task and the Champions try to squeeze in a little relief before the big show. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! I have a horror story to tell you about this chapter. Normally, I piece together the chapter over a weeks' time, hence weekly updates. I usually plan and write up a brief summary of events on one day and start writing the next. I'll spare you the details of my writing plan. However, the day after I uploaded the last chapter, my computer broke down and I was almost entirely certain that I wouldn't be able to update the story in a weeks' time. I know ironic considering the last chapter was the chapter in which I announced a fixed weekly update plan. The irony is strong with this one. However, luckily, I managed to fix my computer. On Saturday… Saturday evening… Giving me Sunday and the majority of Monday to write this chapter. A chapter that is comparatively longer than the others… I've been at this non-stop for a fair while because I wanted to stick to my plan. And I managed it. With twenty minutes left of Monday. I hope to all hell that it's worth it. Please show this chapter some love if you enjoyed it. After the effort I put into to get it done, some feedback would be well and truly appreciated. More so than most… And the next chapter will be a little shorter, because I don't want to burn myself out. Please let me know if you like it! Anyway, this chapter features the First Task, at least all the champions in the champions tents trying to squeeze in some last minute 'preparation'. It also features the return of a much-desired pairing. Please do enjoy and let me know what you think. It really means a lot to get so much great feedback after putting a lot of effort into chapters. Even the smallest bits are really appreciated. And if you want to chat about the story with me, please feel free to PM me. Honestly, I'll talk to anyone! I really appreciate it all. Enjoy! Chapter 16: The First Task "I like it…" Ginny smiled, tracing her fingers softly over Harry's neatly shaven cock. They were in the Champion's tent for the First Task, laying in the bed that was provided, curtains drawn. Naturally, to steel Harry's nerves, Ginny suggested they were naked and naturally, Harry complied. Barty Crouch had already explained the task to the Champions, Ginny keeping herself hidden behind the curtains so as she could help calm Harry afterwards. Instead of giving the task away almost instantly by having Cedric's dragon waiting in the arena already, they decided they would move them after announcing the task allowing the Champions time to prepare themselves. But none of them had any intentions of preparing in any meaningful way as every single Champion was hardly alone with their thoughts. Ginny then asked nonchalantly, "And Katie did this?" "Yeah. you don't mind?" Harry asked, wanting to reaffirm Ginny's position on It all. He explained his encounter with Katie to Ginny almost immediately after it happened in the interest of full disclosure. If the roles were reversed, Harry would want to know about the people Ginny was ploughing on the side and she was kind enough not only to tell him about such endeavours but invite him to do so himself with her fuckbuddy. "No, I was thinking about shaving myself. It looks good," Ginny grinned, pulling his cock in different directions to admire the impressively neat and tender job that Katie did. Even his balls were nicely shaven, each one hairless and admittedly beautiful in Ginny's sex infused mind. "Not that. About Katie?" Harry clarified, rolling his eyes as he did so. Looking into his eyes, Ginny sighed, thinking for a moment. There was a part of her that wanted to be bothered by it, but she just couldn't bring herself to acknowledge it. What she and Harry had was special and in Ginny's mind, the act of sex had become routine. A pleasurable, extremely interesting routine. But it didn't really matter to her who he had sex with or who she had sex with for that matter as long as she and Harry still had that unique, fluffy dynamic. "No. I mean, I fuck Luna. And as long it's me cuddling up to in bed at the end of the day, I don't mind. It's me here and not her, right?" she smiled in response wrapping her arms around his neck as she pressed her soft breasts against his chest. Leaning forwards, she pressed her lips against his, her leg intertwining with his as her cock was pressed snugly against his thigh. "Very true. It's you I love," Harry smiled, returning the kiss and pulling her passionately towards him. Those words had become so easy and comfortable to say. The pair had spent a lot less time together, dodging Ron to make sure he didn't catch onto their relationship. Trying to minimise their nights in their special corridor, the pair instead opted to use breaks between classes to get their rocks off, even going so far as to coordinate with Luna for another threesome. "Right, you're going to up soon and I'd reckon this would get in the way when you're flying," Ginny smirked, rolling on top of him and sitting astride his cock. Her hands held his shaft in place, gently jerking him off, eliciting soft moans from Harry's lips as he looked up at the gorgeous redhead that was waiting to impale herself on his freshly shaven cock. "Time, I took care of it." Dribbling a mouthful of spit into her hand, she jerked his cock steadily, making sure to coat the entire length in saliva, jerking it to a perfect lubed shimmer. Spitting into her hand once more, Ginny massaged the lube against her asshole, dipping a finger inside herself to make sure she was sufficiently lubricated before finally mounting Harry's cock. Lifting her hips, she pushed his cock against her hole and gently began to shift her hips up and down until she found the right angle and felt his cock slowly spear her on its tip. Starting of slowly at first, she let his cock carve its way softly through her arse, letting gravity do most of the work as she slid down his shaft, savouring each delicious inch that spread her hole pleasurably. Resting his hands on her hips, Harry began to pull her down, craving the warm tightness of her arse, moaning as he felt his entire shaft submerge itself inside her bum. Resting her bum against his legs, his balls pressing against her smooth behind, Ginny gasped. She had become incredibly familiar with his cock and could take his shaft inside her with ease, but every now and again, the angle or sudden intrusion would catch her of guard, causing her to gasp. Harry calmed her almost instantly with a soft squeeze on her breast, his thumb rubbing gently over her nipple and bringing moans back to her lips. Starting to bounce up and down on his cock, Ginny developed a slow and steady rhythm, sliding up and down calmly and softly. Biting her lip, she began to moan, savouring just how it felt to have his cock slide back and forth inside her. Harry's eyes rolled closed as he let his girlfriend rise and fall above him, her arse slowly plunging up and down on his shaft, his balls slapping against her soft, glistening butt. As Ginny lifted her hips, steadying herself by planting her hands-on Harry's chest, Harry began to pull her back down, spearing her arse on his cock, growing firmer and firmer with each slow bounce until Ginny exclaimed. "Hey! Not so rough!" Ginny said as Harry's hands began to grow a little rougher, an unanticipated side effect from his rather fervent encounter with Katie. Instead of gently guiding her arse down on his shaft, he began to sharply pull her onto his cock, the sudden speed causing Ginny to wince. Apologising, Harry returned to his previous ministrations, gently guiding her up and down his cock and before long the pair were moaning in unison once again, their cock and arse emanating delicious pleasure. Reaching forwards, Harry wrapped his hand around Ginny's cock, collecting some pre-cum in his palm before starting to jerk her off and milk more and more moans from the young girl's mouth. Jerking his hand swiftly along her cock, Harry spurred Ginny on considerably, the added pleasure giving her the additional push to start slamming her arse down on Harry's cock a little harder despite previously chastising Harry for urging her along that path. Of her own volition, the harder pace brought her more pleasure causing her moan louder and louder, her cock teetering on the edge of exploding in Harry's hands, much the same as Harry's was about to unleash deep inside Ginny's asshole. Harry was the first to cum, his cock spurting deep inside Ginny's ass as she slammed her hips down one last time, his cock erupting pleasurably as she did so. The sensation of his cum filling her arse was also what set her own cock off as well. Harry's hand sped faster along his shaft until she came, his hand making careful attention to milk every last drop of cum out of Ginny's cock and onto her stomach as her arse did the same with his cock. As their orgasms both subsided, Ginny fell forwards, pressing her tits against Harry's chest, waiting for his cock to soften just enough so that it popped out of her asshole of its own accord, satisfyingly slumping against her bum in doing so. As soon as that happened, Ginny rolled off of Harry and strode over to the curtains, hoping that she was correct in her assumption that the pair had plenty more time on their hands and that a round two was both viable and definite. "Cedric hasn't even begun yet… We have some time," Ginny smiled, glancing out of the curtains and across to Cedric's. Unlike Harry and Ginny, Cedric had forgotten to draw his curtains over, meaning that his pre-task warm up was in full view. Reclining back on his bed, Cedric was relishing a treat from Cho. Her head bobbed up and down his shaft, his moans growing louder and louder as he savoured Cho's illusive blowjob. The sight of the frankly gorgeous Asian beauty slurping at his cock, her nude body in full view was enough to get Ginny's cock hard once more. And as she turned back to Harry, she gently began to stroke herself off, before purring, "Up for round two?" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Bobbing her head slowly up and down Cedric's cock, Cho focussed on the movements her tongue was making. Not pushing for depth, she instead allowed her tongue to dance delicately around Cedric's shaft, giving him immense amounts of pleasure without having to strain her throat uncomfortably. Keeping just the tip inside her mouth, she let her tongue curve around the head of his cock, tracing along the most pleasurable portion of his dick before dropping her lips a couple inches down his shaft, bobbing up and down a few times before returning to her skilled tongue action. Despite the pleasure she was providing and the steady movement of her hand up and down the rest of his shaft, Cedric still had that gnawing desire for deeper pleasure. "My god Cho…" Cedric moaned, bringing his hand up to rest of Cho's head, gently pushing her down, not that she needed any encouragement. Reaching up, she batted his hand away, preferring instead to force herself to gulp down his cock. She was a dominant when it came to most situations, meaning that she rarely sank to her knees, instead opting to have Cedric down there slurping on her own cock. But considering the special day, she thought it best to treat him and keep him in good shape for the task. As soon as he finished however, she had big plans for that boy and his delectable, pert behind. "There's a reason I don't give blowjobs often," Cho purred, plucking her lips away from Cedric's cock long enough to murmur those words before quickly plunging her throat back down on his shaft. She had an adept ability at oral, more than most. Whilst depth and deepthroating weren't exactly a specialty (although she was relatively good in that respect as well) her ability to use her tongue to reach all the most sensitive parts of her partners cock. And the more time she had to familiarise herself with a cock, the better she was. Such skills were garnered in her past year, when she became unable to get herself off. Frequenting the school gloryhole whenever Marietta was unavailable, Cho quickly picked up a few things from her many anonymous partners. "You like receiving them a lot," Cedric chuckled, before his words failed him. Dropping her lips down his shaft, she swept her tongue around his shaft, her hand gently massaging his balls. The sensation was enough to push Cedric easily into orgasm, his cock spasming and spurting strands of cum down her throat. Normally, she wasn't one for swallowing, but didn't really fancy leaving any trace of their elicit endeavours spat onto the floor. That and she didn't like the option of having Cedric cover her in cum. Swallowing every bit of cum, Cho began to feel him deflate in her mouth and gently popped his dick out of her lips and stowing it away in his pants. "That's because…" Cho began, reaching over to the bedside table and plucking her favourite bottle of Firewhisky from it. Uncorking the top, she offered it to Cedric as a bit of Dutch courage. She was always conflicted about dosing him with the Suggestibility potion, but every time she considered stopping, she was plagued with the insecure notion that he wouldn't want her afterwards. That the only thing keeping them together was the potion. She was in too deep to simply stop and kept up the subtle offerings every now and again. Setting the bottle aside, she finished her sentence with a sultry grin, "You just love giving them." "You bet," Cedric smiled, his words coerced by the potions effects. It was true. He did enjoy his sexual forays with Cho, especially the oral, but it wasn't the kind of thing he would admit so readily. At least not in his own mind. And yet he felt such a compelling urge to do so when provoked. It was a bizarre sensation. "Why don't you take care of me then. You have time…" Cho smiled, rising to her feet, her hand jerking her cock steadily off, producing a bead of pre-cum from the tip. Nodding, Cedric leant forwards, kissing her tip softly and causing Cho to bite her lip in anticipation. Parting his lips, he took her head into his mouth and as a result quickly felt her hand wrap around the back of his head, gently coercing him deeper and deeper. Sliding his lips downwards, he quickly met his limit at around half her shaft. Unlike his female counterpart, he was decidedly an amateur when it came to sex despite people fawning over him. His first sexual experience was with Cho at the start of the year only hours after they first started talking. He just found himself swept swiftly away, with it all feeling so perfect. Cedric may have reached his limit, but Cho was not so easily dissuaded from pursuing deeper pleasures. Resting both her hands-on Cedric's head, she held him in place and swiftly and powerfully thrusted forwards. Cedric's throat couldn't resist the sudden push giving away to his cock as it had done so many times before. Despite the frequency at which Cedric found himself in this position, it never became that much easier for him to deal with having such a thick and bulbous shaft lodged deep in his throat. Cho, however, revelled in the pleasure of his tight, clutching throat, spasming and clenching around her shaft. Savouring the sensations of being buried all the way in his throat, Cho began to gently pound in and out of his mouth, holding his head in place to get deeper and deeper. "Cedric, you are up!" a voice bellowed from outside of the tent, causing Cedric to push against Cho's steady grip and free himself of her cock. Both of them were disappointed by the sudden announcement, but he was hesitant to just continue and forfeit the entire task. Quickly rising to his feet, he checked himself in his mirror, making sure he was presentable before apologising to Cho profusely, "I'm really sorry, I have to go." "It's alright. Just be ready to bend over when you get back," Cho smirked, reclining on the bed and jerking herself off. She could still elicit pleasure from herself, just not the divine relief of being able to cum. Although, she found it deceptively tricky to cum even with a helping hand, often taking a little bit longer than most to relieve her load. Jerking herself off, she began to writhe on the bed, unwittingly performing for two keen watchers across the way. Ginny and Harry were peering through the curtain, their hands on the others cock, moaning at the sight. However, the swiftly retreated to 'prepare' once again, leaving Cho to enjoy herself for the time being. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Next door to Ginny and Harry's portion of the tent was the delectable French Champion's quarters. Just like her fellow Champions, Fleur had opted for a more tender pre-task warm-up instead opting to squeeze in a few more minutes with her sister instead of actual worthwhile preparation. That wasn't to say that Fleur wasn't pushing herself physically to prepare for her dragon as she and Gabrielle had opted for a rather creative and somewhat straining position for their quickie. More uncomfortable for Fleur rather than Gabrielle. Fleur was stood in the middle of her room, with Gabrielle's body pinned closely to hers. Only the younger, considerably lighter girl was upside down her legs hooked around Fleur's neck, pulling the older girl's mouth towards her cock. Wrapping her arms around Gabrielle's waist, Fleur kept her pinned to her body with relative ease her surprising degree of strength helping to keep herself steady. Opting to also wrap her arms around her sister's waist, Gabrielle felt secure enough that she was eagerly and lavishly sliding her mouth up and down Fleur's cock, carefully tending to her sister's rather large problem so that she would be able to aptly complete the task without such a heavy and pleasurable encumbrance. Wrapping her lips once more around Gabrielle's cock, Fleur began to bob her head up and down the shaft, craning her neck ever so slightly to get her lips across the last parts of the young girl's shaft. Gabrielle's head was swimming in delicious pleasure. More so than normal. The upside-down position had blood rushing to her head, amplifying the pleasure that her cock was feeling as her senses were assaulted. She was starting to feel a little dizzy, but diligently kept her mouth deepthroating Fleur's shaft to ensure her sister continued her religiously delicate treatment of her own cock. Moans escaped from Gabrielle's mouth, vibrating along Fleur's cock and causing her knees to quiver slightly. Fleur didn't know what it was, but something about the situation was making her even more sensitive. Perhaps it was the unique position that had made her more horny than usual or perhaps it was nerves for the task ahead, but every burst of pleasure that coursed through her body seem so much more divine than normal. The two sisters easily deepthroated one another, the pleasure of their sixty-nine amplified by their unique position spurring the pair to frantically pleasure the other in hopes of their sibling returning the favour. Which they eagerly did. Reaching one of her hands up to Gabrielle's bum, Fleur began to sharply spank the young girl causing her to squeal around Fleur's cock, dribbling saliva along her shaft which swiftly dribbled down onto the floor. The sharp pain however plunged Gabrielle's body into even deeper pleasure milking a multitude of pleasured and guttural moans from the young girl's mouth as she started to choke on Fleur's delectable cock. Sinking her hips slightly, Fleur adjusted her position and began to gently thrust forwards, her cock pushing deeper into Gabrielle's throat. The fresh position rendered the young girl's throat even tighter resulting in her gagging and spluttering around the base of the older girl's cock despite her inherent skill in deepthroating the shaft normally. The pleasure was brilliant for Fleur as each thrust swarmed her cock with an even tighter throat to fuck and play with. Speeding up, she started to fuck the young girl's throat, neglecting Gabrielle's cock as she focussed on her own delectable pleasure, her balls slapping against the young girl's forehead due to the position. Continuing to do so, Fleur found herself hungering for an even tighter hole. Pulling her cock from her sister's mouth, she threw the young backwards onto the bed with a timid yelp before looming over her with her thick bulbous shaft, gently jerking herself off in anticipation for the tightness of the young, French, slut's arse. "Can't I fuck you ma soeur. My arse is still sore from last night," Gabrielle groaned, rolling onto her belly, feeling her cock grind against her stomach as her sister loomed over her. In order to help he sister prepare, she allowed Fleur to do with her as she wished, resulting in a long and incredibly pleasurable session between the two sisters. And after a multitude of positions, orgasms and toys the pair finally collapsed in each other's arms, leaving Gabrielle incredibly sore the next morning. "I must be at the top of my game for ze task," Fleur moaned, jerking her cock and smearing Gabrielle's liberal amount of saliva up and down her shaft. Grabbing her sister's legs, she spread them wide opening her arsehole up. Holding her legs open, she sank her hips pressing the tip of her bulbous cock against the tight constricted hole, "Besides, when 'ave you ever zaid no to a cock?" Before Gabrielle could answer, Fleur speared the younger girl on the tip of her cock, her arsehole parting with ease to accommodate her fat cockhead. Pushing forwards, Fleur's cock cut through Gabrielle bum like a hot knife through butter. Despite the appearance of being tight, the little girl had been bent over and pounded excessively over the last day or so, meaning that her hole was looser than ever. Although, it wouldn't be for long. The benefits of Veela blood, their assholes tended to tighten over time. At least when there wasn't a big fat cock pounding in and out of it. Grabbing her sister's hair, she tugged the young girl's head back whilst simultaneously sheathing the entirety of her cock in her arse, her crotch pressed tightly against her pert, young ass. Leaning forward, the older sister, whispered in her ear, "But afterward… you can pound my arse 'ole till your little legs go weak…" "Ma soeur… fuck me 'ard," Gabrielle mewled giving into the pleasure. The words her sister purred in her ear were enough to make her submit fulling the pleasure building in her ass. She still ached, but as Fleur began to move her hips backwards, that ache became swarmed with delicious pleasure. Fleur leant over her sister, laying her body over her tinier form and moving only her hips. Their bodies rose and fell in tandem, their breath ragged and deeply pleasured as Fleur's hips crashed back and forth into her sister's tight arsehole. Nibbling on Gabrielle's ear, Fleur watched as her sister arched her neck and kissed her deeply, their tongues battling and exchanging the taste of one another's cocks that was still fresh in both their mouths. Moaning from the taste and the pleasure building down below, the pair began to grow louder and louder, the heavy slaps of Fleur's crotch pounding roughly into her sister's bum echoing through the tent. With any other girl, Fleur would be a little gentler, but she knew Gabrielle could take it from extensive practice before. That didn't stop the sensations from rendering Gabrielle's body limp. She lay there, biting her lip as she tried to keep her mind focussed, the feeling of have her arse opened wider and wider with each slamming thrust making her mind a little woozy. That and she could feel her cock spasming beneath her as she came hard and fast, spilling her seed out onto the sheets below and sending her ass into an orgasm ridden frenzy. Her arse clamped down around Fleur's cock pinning her in place and pushing her over the edge. Unloading her cock into her little sister, Fleur moaned and groaned loudly until she emptied her balls deep into her arse, her cock beginning to soften. Pulling her shaft out of her sister's bum, she wiped it on the sheets and let herself soften whilst Gabrielle drifted off to sleep, cum dribbling from her arse from Fleur rather attentive ministrations. "Viktor, you are next!" a voice called, echoing over the tent. Leaping to her feet, Fleur peered through her curtains, watching as Viktor stumbled through into the main portion of the tent, leaving his curtains slightly astray. He was fumbling around his crotch, zipping his pants up before leaving through the opening in the tent. Glancing over at his room, Fleur had the intention of spying, knowing that his room would be empty. However, she was surprised when she saw the familiar face of Hermione Granger, sitting naked on the end of his bed, her cock hard, obviously having been left in a state of uncomfortable arousal. "Perhaps zere is need for a leetle bending over…" Fleur smirked, glancing over her shoulder to see her sister fast asleep, absolutely shattered after the powerful session they just had. Throwing open her curtains, Fleur strode into the main body of the tent, not caring if anyone saw her. Closing her curtains behind her for her sister's sake and the sake of her reputation, Fleur turned to Krum's room. In the corner of her eye, she spied the nude form of Cedric's Asian beauty jerking herself off, moaning audibly in full view of anyone else. Debating whether or not to indulge in a little Asian persuasion, Fleur kept steadfast and crossed over to Hermione. "Hey!" Hermione exclaimed grabbing the covers of the bed and pulling them up over her breasts, hiding her naked body from the unashamed Fleur. Scoffing slightly at Hermione's embarrassment, Fleur walked straight past her, flaunting her bare arse to the younger witch as she walked to the small table in the corner of the room. Each champion had a pitcher of pumpkin juice and cup as well as a variety of smaller toiletries and such should the champions desire them. Pouring herself a goblet, she turned to Hermione, seeing the young woman's face flushed red. "Mon ami! Zere is no need for secrecy. We are both women. It iz ze natural form…" Fleur smiled, sipping delicately at her juice, whilst admiring Hermione's long slender legs which remained uncovered. Noticing the older witch's fascination with her legs, Hermione quickly covered them, inadvertently flashing Fleur her breasts before she managed to adjust the sheet to cover her entirely, "I wish to apologise. For what happened in ze forest. I was not aware zat he was your boyfriend…" "It's his fault. He was the one who let you do it," Hermione said somewhat bitterly. She as still sore about Ron's betrayal, but had really acknowledged her own fault that day. A point which Fleur swiftly hit upon, a sly grin on her face as she did so. "But when ma soeur and moi did it to you? Zat is okay?" Fleur asked, watching Hermione's face go an even darker red. It was true. The thought had sat in Hermione's mind, but she ignored it as much as she could. Yet as Fleur brought the point into the limelight, she started to feel sick to her stomach, ashamed that she sank so low. Fleur quickly tried to dissuade such thoughts, "Iz okay. Ze Veela allure is 'ard to resist sometimes. I was surprised when you walked away. And a leetle disappointed." "You are a Veela?" Hermione said, her mind almost instantly jumping to the conclusion that her allure was simply the cause of all the trouble. That she and Ron were simply swayed by a strong inherent magical enchantment. However, the sudden guilt left her still annoyed at herself. "Part Veela. But ze wily ways of ze Veela is still strong in me and ma soeur," Fleur explained, setting the cup down and leaning against the table, trying her hardest to flaunt the natural, buxom curves of her delectable body, her thick, enormous shaft beginning to harden, but not nearly quickly enough to draw Hermione's attention. "I still shouldn't have done it. I'm a terrible person," Hermione breathed, burying her head in her hands, the sheet dropping from between her fingers as she found herself on the verge of tears. She thought herself a whore. The past few days had been driven by spite for Ron and now she was in the bed of Viktor Krum. She didn't know if she actually liked him, or was just trying to annoy Ron. Her mind was flooded with thoughts as she tried to make sense of it all, "And now I'm here with Krum. I can't believe myself. I'm such a hypocritical slut…" "Non, non! Zat iz not acceptable," Fleur said, getting surprisingly invested in Hermione's plight. She simply came over to see if she could spin her ways and get Hermione back on her side. Fleur had a special place in her heart for those who were uncertain about themselves sexually. She was often ridiculed for own love of sex and found herself sympathetic to those who felt themselves bound by some code of dignity, "How can someone be wrong for doing what ze wanted. Ze call us sluts for enjoying ze act of sexual pleasure? Who iz to zay what iz right and wrong for us women to enjoy?" "But I cheated on him. I cheated on him because I was angry he did the same with me," Hermione sighed, almost defeated as she let her hands get drawn away from her eyes. "Ask yourself why? Why did you not just push Gabrielle away when she started?" Fleur said, taking her hands into her own and gently massaging them, having a strangely bizarre heart to heart with a girl she barely knew. A girl whom she helped get cheated on by her boyfriend. "Because it was… exciting. And new… and naughty…" Hermione said, her face blushing as she recounted the shameful feelings. It was true. She felt exhilarated having Gabrielle suck her off in the woods. She was in public with someone much younger than her, cheating on her boyfriend only metres away. It was wrong, but so deliciously exciting and fresh. "It wasn't like zat with Ronald?" Fleur asked, probing into Hermione's sex life, trying to unearth those secrets she didn't want to address. "Sometimes. We didn't do it that often. We were both afraid to try stuff because we didn't want to offend each other," Hermione said, explaining the admittedly dull encounters she had with Ron. It was exciting at first, but doing the same monotony of Ron sucking her off before bending over was really dull. And was afraid to embarrass herself with a shoddy blowjob, especially considering how he was someone she really liked. She wanted to impress him otherwise he would go elsewhere for satisfaction. It turned out, he ended up doing so either way. "But with Viktor?" Fleur asked, somewhat curious about the Bulgarian stud. He seemed a little dull in the head for her tastes with a slight vacancy behind his eyes. He wasn't exactly as sharp as most, but he could surprise In other departments, Fleur mused. "I'm comfortable. There's no pressure to impress. I can experiment and try new things. I sucked him off and was excited to do it. With Ron I was worried he wouldn't like it," Hermione explained, opening up to Fleur. Hermione didn't have many female friends, no one she could confide in properly. Sure, Ginny was there, but she wasn't going to strike up a conversation about her sexual relationship with her brother. Fleur was easier to open up to. Maybe it was the Veela allure dulling her senses or maybe Fleur actually cared about her sexual confidence, "It feels really bad to say this, but it doesn't matter if I don't impress Viktor. Sure, I like him, but I wouldn't be devastated if he left. If Ron left, I'd be heartbroken. I don't know. This whole relationship thing is stressful, I just… I just… I don't know what I want…" "Exactly! Zat is the first honest thing you 'ave said. You need to be free and to experiment. You are only fourteen. Do you really expect to be comfortable enough to know what you want from a relationship You need to fuck and suck whoever you want to learn what you want and what you like before settling down. Don't be hampered down with one cock. It iz incredibly boring," Fleur said, brushing a stray tear from Hermione's cheek, "You and Ronald need a break. The pair of you need to explore. Be honest and open with him. You love him, but you don't need a relationship right now. You are young and inquisitive. He is ze same. Let him explore and learn a few things before you both decide you are ready. Zat is if you truly believe he iz ze one?" "Yeah. I do. That makes sense. We're far too young to be getting into boring sex territory. We just need to test the waters with different people. Know what we want," Hermione smiled, catching on, the flush in her face dissipating, replaced by her usual creamy skin, "I shouldn't be embarrassed about wanting to fool around. He shouldn't either. We rushed into it that's all. Enough of the bookish, nerdy girl. I can do what I want with anyone I want." "Qui, qui! C'est bon!" Fleur exclaimed leaping to her feet and clapping, genuinely happy that the girl had come out of her shell at last. When she would think about the conversation later on, Fleur would quickly realise just how strange a conversation it was to happen, but she was glad nonetheless, "Perhaps you would like to experiment avec moi?" "Really?" Hermione breathed, seeing this as a challenge to her new mindset. Fleur was offering to do exactly what Hermione had just boasted she could do whenever she wanted. Not wanting to back down, Hermione nodded readily, somewhat excited to have an opportunity to explore so early. Fleur smiled and lifted Hermione up onto her feet. Pulling the young girl close to her, she pressed her body against hers, their breasts squashed together as Fleur's rested her hand gently on Hermione's hips. Their cocks gently touched, bringing a moan to Hermione's lips and a smile to Fleur's. Leaning in Fleur pressed her lips against Hermione's tenderly kissing her and setting Hermione's heart racing, practically pounding through her chest. Plucking her lips away, Fleur smiled as Hermione tried to follow her chasing down her lips. Dropping one of her hands to Hermione's cock, she gently began to jerk her off, her other hand dipping down and around to her arse, her fingers gently rubbing against the younger girl's tight little asshole. Moaning into Hermione's ear, Fleur purred seductively, "Do you prefer pleasure through ze cock or through ze ass?" "I don't know. I've not really tried enough to know," Hermione smiled, emboldening herself with a little confidence as she felt the French girl begin to toy with her sexily. "Zen…a tester course…" Fleur moaned, dropping to her knees in front of Hermione and dragging her hands slowly down and across the young girl's body before wrapping both of her hands around her thick hard shaft. Having her hands back on the young girl's cock having been robbed of the full pleasure during their rather brief previous encounter, Fleur was excited to get back into the pleasure such a thick, delicious cock could provide. Leaning forwards, she opened her mouth and took the tip of her bulbous cock into her mouth, moaning eagerly as the sumptuous taste of her cock hit her tongue. Hermione moaned as soon as her cock dipped into the French girl's mouth. She would be lying if she said she hadn't fantasised about what would have happened if she had simply let the two sisters pleasure her without stopping them. The sexy positions she imagined came flooding back to her as she watched Fleur sink her lips slowly down her shaft, swallowing inch after inch with an ease that was only matched by Gabrielle's surprisingly deft ability to deepthroat cocks that were far too large for such a young delicate girl. Fleur however, looked absolutely stunning when swallowing the cock and it seemed almost second nature, her delicate, dainty lips stretching with ease around Hemione's rather thick base. Bobbing her head up and down along Hermione's shaft, Fleur locked eyes with the sexy brunette before reaching her hands up to grab onto Hermione's tits, gently massaging each one with either hand, bringing more pleasure to the young girl's body. Biting her lip, Hermione stood there rigid, paralysed by pleasure. She would often gyrate and thrust into Ron's mouth whenever he used to suck her off, but with Fleur was simply unable to move, her body tingling brilliantly beneath the blonde's incredible touch. However, Fleur was hesitant to indulge the girl in simply one brilliant pleasure and quickly plucked her lips from her thick, glistening shaft. Tracing her tongue down along her shaft and onto the girl's heavy balls, each one full and in need of dire relief. Sucking each one inside her mouth, Fleur crouched underneath Hermione's legs, sitting in between them. Turning her back to the bed with her lips still firmly wrapped around the bushy-haired girl's ball, Fleur was met with the glorious sight of the girl's plump arse cheeks. Bringing her hands up to the girl's meaty behind, Fleur peeled apart her cheeks and revealed the young girl's relatively untouched rear entrance. Leaning forwards, Fleur lapped at her arsehole, sending Hermione into a fit of moans, her knees almost buckling beneath the delicious sensations that were rippling through her behind. Fleur's tongue traced back and forth across the sumptuous hole, making sure to cover the entire rosebud in a layer of saliva before spreading her cheeks even wider and securing access to the depths of the girl's arsehole. Plunging her tongue deep into Hermione's asshole, Fleur had to steady the young girl's legs as she bent over at the middle, her body about to collapse from the skilled attention that Fleur was giving her. Wrapping her hand once again around Hermione's cock, Fleur jerked her quickly off, using the remaining saliva from her divine blowjob to keep her hand slick and swift. Her other hand left the girl's cheeks, letting the plump flesh crash back into place, slapping playfully against Fleur's face as she dove deeper and deeper into her bum hole. Her fingers pressed their way in-between her delicious cheeks and rested gently against her tight asshole. Before Hermione could even anticipate the pleasure, Fleur plunged three deep into her arse, causing the girl to almost collapse, her legs quivering. Deciding she had given the bookish girl enough to a taster course, Fleur pulled herself away and clambered back through her legs, ready to offer her an amazing opportunity. "Well?" Fleur asked, rising to her feet and gently rubbing her finger along Hermione's lips before dipping it in between the young girl's mouth allowing her to gently suckle on the digit before offering her answer. "They were both… divine," Hermione breathed, finding it difficult to pick a favourite. Fleur's ability to suck cock was something truly special, yet the new and interesting sensations of having a skilled tongue dip down into her tight bum was something brilliantly fresh. She simply couldn't decide which was better. "C'est bon! Now, you are in for a treat, mon ami…" Fleur said, climbing onto the bed and resting down on all fours, her plump, delectably formed bum propped up in the air. Looking over her shoulder, she smiled at Hermione and murmured, "It is very rare I let someone fuck me up ze arse." "You mean I can…" Hermione said, reaching out and gently caressing her perfect skin, softly groping the older girl's brilliantly formed arse. It was beyond anything she could imagine, both soft and yet pert. Clambering onto the bed behind her, Hermione gently peeled apart her cheeks, revealing her tight, puckered arsehole, completely hairless and unbelievably enticing. "Qui. Fast… slow… find out what you like, mon ami," Fleur smiled before looking forwards and closing her eyes, waiting patiently to savour the sensation of having such a large cock inside her arse. She was so used to Gabrielle's comparatively meagre cock that she was a little cautious about having Hermione mount her. She hadn't technically lied about not having many people fuck her, because she only let her sister do so. Hermione would be the first new person to be behind her in a fair while, a thought that both excited her and quietly unnerved her. Taking up her position behind Fleur, Hermione gently placed the fat head of her cock against the girl's tight constricted hole, savouring the sensation of simply rubbing her sensitive tip against such a delectably tight orifice. Fleur bit her lip, waiting patiently for her ass to speared in two by her massive shaft. Grabbing her cock at the head, Hermione pushed gently forwards, watching in awe as the tight hole split apart, easily welcoming her fat tip. Fleur's arsehole flexed and tightened around Hermione's cockhead, sucking it deeper into her ass. Moaning in unison, the pair savoured the simple, yet brilliant pleasure before Hermione placed her hands on the girl's soft, curvaceous hips and began to slowly, but surely, push forwards. Pushing forwards whilst pulling the thin waisted French girl backwards, Hermione watched as every inch of her sizable cock slipped deep inside Fleur's behind with little difficulty or even pain. That was until the last inch of her cock slipped past Fleur's tight ring and gave her an ounce of difficulty. Hermione was the largest cock she had in her ass for a long time. Not even her mother was comparable being close to Gabrielle's cock than her own. And having arse impaled on such a thick cock was a little painful. A really rare sensation for the gorgeous French girl. She almost regretted telling Hermione to go as fast or as slow as she wanted, but her concerns were quickly mitigated as Hermione waited, allowing Fleur to raise her head and nod when she was ready to continue, a rare moment of sexual weakness that Fleur wasn't really familiar with. Moving her hips back and forth, Hermione fucked Fleur with only a few inches of her cock, keeping the majority of her cock plunged deep inside the girl, only pulling out a couple inches before sliding back in. Not only did this mean that Hermione could savour the tight warmth of her unbelievable arse, but it also afforded Fleur a chance to adjust to Hermione's cock. Fleur was in a strange position. She walked into the room and owned it, but now she found herself on her knees quivering slightly as she tried to focus on keeping herself together. It was strange to be on the receiving end of a slightly more dominant girl. It wasn't like Hermione was dominating her, but Fleur felt submissive for the first time in a long time. Even when Gabrielle would be fucking her, she would rarely feel like this. It was bizarre and incredibly arousing, leaving Fleur's cock rock hard and dripping with pre-cum in a way long since foreign to her. This was incredible and gave Fleur a moment of weakness in which she moaned lustily, "Fuck me 'arder…" This was all Hermione needed. She was hindering her movements as a show of courtesy despite Fleur's original offer to do what every she liked. Hearing that a wince of pain from the French girl, she had let her adjust, knowing full well that a sudden and rough intrusion can be incredibly painful when the person doesn't care. An encounter with Krum led her to learn that the hard way. However, at Fleur's behest, Hermione did just that. Fucked her harder. Drawing her hips slowly back, she removed about three thirds of her cock before sliding it back in. She was hesitant to crash her crotch back against Fleur's bum and instead opted for a medium approach, a decision that Fleur echoed with a distinct and lusty moan. Building up a rhythm, Hermione started to pick up the pace, moving slightly faster, but with same power behind her returning thrust. She would pull out swiftly, but slide herself back in at an agreeable tempo for both girls. The pair moaned lustily in response. Fleur's usual catered and delicate moans design to entice were replaced deep whorish groans of pleasure as she let the carnal, almost primal excitement and raw erotic power drive her moans. Hermione simply moaned in response to the tight ass wrapped around her cock, an ass that was milking her cock for all that it was worth, pushing her closer and closer towards the edge. Slamming her hips into Fleur roughly, Hermione pushed herself over the edge and with one rough pound plunged Fleur into unimaginable painful pleasure, her cock spurting and emptying a massive load down onto the sheets below, a mess that would be hard to explain to Krum. Neither of them cared as Fleur's clenching arse milked Hermione's cock, unloading her heavy and full balls deep into Fleur's ass, eliciting a soft submissive whimper from the French girl. Holding their positions, they let their cocks soften, before the pair fell side by side, Fleur reeling from the surprisingly fresh and new experience. "Madam Delacour! You are up!" the voice called from the exit to the tent, sending Fleur into a panic. Leaping to her feet, she used the sheet to wipe away the cum from her ass and walk over to the curtain. "I must go!" she squealed, before turning around to face Hermione. The young girl had collapsed onto the bed, but turned around to smile happily at Fleur. Smirking, Fleur winked and said, "If you ever need anozer experiment. Let me know…" Turning around, Fleur quickly bolted over to her room, her face flushing red as the man who called after her saw her running naked across the tent. His eyes followed her trying to get as long a look as he could before she ducked into her room and quickly dressed herself. Forgoing any underwear, she let her natural assets hang free, a detail she hoped might sway some of the judges should they pick up on it. Leaving Gabrielle to sleep, Fleur left to face her task, leaving the tent quietly. Author's Note: I hope you guys all enjoyed that. Let me know if you did or didn't in a review. They always mean a lot and keep this story from dying out. They are pretty much the only reason that I have been updating so regularly. Just because I get so much awesome feedback. It's the world. Especially considering the time sink I put into this one. My original intentions for this chapter was to simply have four sections with each of the four Champion pairings. But then, I decided I really didn't want to write anymore Krum stuff just yet (he's so boring in my opinion). So, then I decided that I would do a small Hermione/Fleur bit. But then I decided that it was too small and essentially gave them a full chapter to fuck and play with. Spun a bit out of control, but with some delectable outcomes! I should also say that people who were hoping for a Gabrielle/Hermione/Fleur chapter, don't fret. There will be plenty more with them and a pretty saucy idea later down the road. Remember Draco and Pansy? They were doing stuff a fair while back. Next time sees them have another crack at getting the Ring. And its Pansy's turn this time to trick one of our main characters. I wonder how she will do it? Till next time! P.S. Don't forget to vote in the poll! Will only remain up for the next two chapters!
Author's Note: Hey guys. Cheers for the massive amount of feedback on the last chapter. Really meant a lot considering just how much effort I put into it. Still reeling from writing it in pretty much one sitting. That means this chapter is probably going to be a little shorter just to let me relax a little. Doesn't mean it isn't going to be a good chapter. A little kinkier than the last few ones, but no less deliciously entertaining. Should be fun. Featuring our favourite Slytherin lady. As well as a guest appearance from another delectable Slytherin dame. Please do enjoy and let me know what you think! Reviews and PM's are always very much appreciated. Chapter 17: At Slytherin's Mercy It had been a long few weeks for Pansy. Since Draco had snuck into the Gryffindor Common room and promptly left without a single word escaping his lips as to what had happened, Pansy had been tasked with tracking down and tricking Ginny Weasley into handing over the ring. Whilst Draco had been intimately encouraged to search for the ring, he became dissuaded from helping in a hands-on sense, leaving most of the legwork to Pansy. She had no idea what happened in the common room, but Draco wasn't the same since. He barely even asked to fuck her and even when he did he only ordered her to suck him off and then take care of herself elsewhere. Having tailed Ginny for several days, Pansy managed to follow her around the castle until she arrived at an empty corridor. Brushing aside a tapestry, Ginny disappeared behind it into a portion of the castle that Pansy had no idea even existed. Following after her, Pansy stumbled into the mysterious corridor, the end of which housed a large iron gate, the entrance to what only Hermione knew to be a secret vault. Confused about her surroundings, Pansy was quickly startled by a loud moan from a nearby room. Peering in, Pansy was met with a glorious sight. Ginny was facing away from her, her back turned as she sank her hips into the bed, fucking someone Pansy couldn't quite see. The sight of Ginny's rather delicious bum moving back and forwards, sliding her cock into a tight, flexing arsehole was enough to get Pansy hard. And as she was the girl speed up, she couldn't ignore the rising bulge in her pants. Gently massaging herself through her jeans, Pansy continued to watch and finally got a glimpse of the mysterious girl on the bottom. It was a girl called Luna whom Pansy only knew as a bit ditzy. Unable to contain herself any longer, Pansy unzipped the front of her jeans and pulled out her small four-inch cock, her hand instantly wrapping around the poxy length and jerking back and forth, stifling moans as she did so. Watching the two pound one another, Pansy quickly found herself nearing her orgasm, just her hand enough to bring her near to exploding. Ginny and Luna hadn't even had the chance to switch positions before Pansy came across her hand and the floor, leaving Pansy a little disappointed she couldn't have lasted longer. Whilst she wanted to stay and watch a while longer hoping that she would harden again, Pansy decided against it and walked towards the door to return to her common room, formulating her plan as she did so. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Classes has come to an end, leaving Ginny walking on her own on the way back to the common room. She hadn't seen Harry that day and the rising bulge between her legs was testament to the fact that she needed taking care off. In her Defence Against the Dark Arts class, a girl in front of her negated to adjust her skirt when she sat down, resulting in her black lacy thong being displayed intimately to Ginny throughout the lesson, leaving Ginny with a massive tent in her pants. Unable to pull her eyes away from the sight, she simply revelled in it and let her cock press up against her skirt, uncomfortably straining against her panties. However, as she strode happily through the corridor, she was met with a peculiar sight. A piece of stray parchment, folded neatly on the floor, with her name on it. Picking it up, she gently unfolded it and read aloud: Corridor. Now. Bring Ring. L. Smiling, Ginny was presented with her opportunity for relief and turned instantly on the spot, sprinting down towards the corridor, trying her best to make sure her cock didn't flash as she did so. Turning the corner, she found the corridor and quickly slipped inside. Breathing in, relieved, she dropped her bag and reach up and underneath her skirt, quickly unhooking her panties and dropping them to the ground, her cock bouncing free. Dropping her hand to her shaft, she began to jerk herself slowly off, moaning as she did so. Walking boldly into the first room, expecting to find her friend already naked and ready for a good fucking, Ginny was disappointed when their usual room was empty. Confused, she checked around the corner to see if she was hiding, but was met with an empty room. Turning around, she checked the room opposite before walking slowly down to the other two room. One of them was also empty, but the one adjacent to their usual fuck spot had something positioned on the bed. A second note, again with her name written on the front. Smirking, as she clued into Luna's game, Ginny walked towards the note, picking it slowly up from the bed and watching as a black satin blindfold fell out from in between. Grinning even wider, she opened the paper and read her instructions, simply saying: Naked. Blindfold. Handcuffs. L. Looking up at the headboard, Ginny noticed two sets of handcuffs attached to either side, causing her to smile even wider. Ginny had bemoaned Luna and Harry into trying some kinkier stuff. She wasn't into anything heavy, but the odd blindfold and gentle disciplinary spanking was something she was definitely into. She wasn't open to the idea of horsewhips, vibrators and those peculiar cages for people's cocks that she saw in one of her friend's lewd muggle magazines. Some of the things involved in kinkier sex was bizarre in Ginny's mind, but she was sincerely open to the idea of experimenting with the softer side. Stripping naked, Ginny couldn't contain herself as she set the Ring on the bedside table and lay back on the bed, her cock hard and begging for attention. Attention that Ginny would no longer be able to provide herself once restrained, something she was a little unsure about. Nevertheless, she slid the blindfold down over her eyes before cuffing her right hand in place. Reclining back on the bed, she heard loud footsteps enter the room, causing her to smile. Moments later, she felt a hand lift her left hand up and into place, cuffing it and restraining the Ginger girl entirely. Shivering slightly at the prospect, Ginny called out, "Mmm… This is kinkier than usual. I thought you weren't into this kind of stuff?" Pansy stroke slowly around the bed, keeping silent as she didn't want Ginny to figure out that it wasn't her beloved Luna that was here and actually someone with far more bitter thoughts. There was a large oak cabinet in this room pushed against the wall so that Ginny didn't see it when she walked in. Pansy debated just grabbing the Ring and running for the common room, but decided that opportunity laid out in front of her was too juicy to simply pass up. Pulling her tie loose, she tossed it aside and shrugged her shoulders out of her bra and shirt, squeezing her breasts softly as they bounced free. Dropping her skirt and panties, Pansy gently stroked her four-inch shaft, her cock hardening as soon as Ginny dropped her own panties in the corridor. Pansy had already tucked them away as a trophy of her conquest. Biting her lip, she debated as to what she should do first. Craving a blowjob, Pansy wanted to shove her cock into the girl's throat, but knew that she would instantly figure out it wasn't Luna. And if she was going to let the ginger bitch in on the secret of her identity, it would be by shoving her cock deep up the whore's arse and pounding her for days on end. Deciding that she would torture the girl a little before slamming her cock inside her, Pansy turned to the cabinet behind her and found the remnants of a bygone age. Hermione would recognise it as one of Headmistress's discipline cabinets, but Pansy only saw it as a cabinet full of different utensils that would make Ginny squeal in pain and discomfort. Pulling it open, Pansy's attention was taken away from the display by Ginny's last words before her unwitting ordeal began, "The silent treatment. Oh… I love it…" Love it does she? Pansy thought. Her eyes wandering across the cabinet and the various exotic toys she had at her disposal. There was a creative array of different whips, ranging from soft to hard leather. Multi-pronged and even some with a devilish metal tip. Small drawers at the bottom pulled away to reveal a delectable array of various sized dildos some with rare magical inscriptions that Pansy didn't understand but boasted powerful enchantments designed to make a subject squirm. A box of small vibrators also sat at the very bottom, some specifically designed for different parts of the body. One was a delightful butt-plug, the other formed a small cockhead shaped dome that was placed over someone's cock to provide pleasurable torment to the most sensitive part of her cock. Another could be placed on her nipples, which led nicely into a small rack on the side of the cabinet displaying various nipple clamps. Some that pulled the wearers nipples painfully together. Some that fit into a larger bulker mechanism that pulled them forwards and away from the wearer. And some that had adjustable tightness allowing Pansy to clamp down on Ginny's nipples tighter and tighter and tighter. Of course, sat proudly in the middle of the cabinet was an adjustable chastity cage. Pansy bit her lip as she debated whether or not she could clamp that on and drive Ginny made over weeks and weeks as she tried desperately to relieve herself, but not being able to. Deciding to start simple, Pansy plucked the plainest and simplest leather horsewhip, running her hands playfully along its shaft as she turned to the face the object of her torture. Pansy couldn't wait. Walking over to Ginny, she toyed with the younger girl, dragging the cold leather along her body sending shivers across her skin and eliciting a grin from the unwitting Weasley. Guiding the whip down to Ginny's thighs, Pansy unleashed her first sharp crack, the leather smacking painfully against her thigh, causing Ginny to spread her legs and breathe in sharply, her lips turning back to a subtle smile. Cracking down again on the opposite thigh, Pansy watched as the younger girl smiled once again, infuriating Pansy who was trying to make her suffer. Taking the whip, she smacked it across Ginny's face, leaving a red welt growing on her cheek. Before Ginny could open her mouth to object, Pansy whipped the other cheek painfully. Ginny opened her mouth to tell her to slow down, but Pansy ushered her silence in by tracing the leather tip around one of Ginny's nipples, smiling as she did so. Ginny's smile had disappeared, replaced by a look of uncertainty, one that was furthered by Pansy's sharp strike across her tit. Not giving her torture subject a chance to recover, she struck her other breast near instantly, dancing between both of the ginger girl's tits with ease, raising red mark after red mark from her skin with each painful strike. Starting to regret this, Ginny had the wind taken out of her as Pansy repeatedly whipped her stomach again and again and again, leaving it red raw and a delectable malicious grin on Pansy's face as she returned to Ginny's tits. Striking her breast once again, Pansy clipped her nipple causing Ginny to scream in pain, flailing against the cuffs and causing herself more harm by digging the metal into her wrists. "Ease up a little, eh Luna?" Ginny squealed sharply as the whip cracked down on her breast again, catching her nipple painfully and turning her breasts even redder than before. Drawing the whip slowly down along her body, Pansy traced the leather tip along Ginny's shaft, gently rubbing it back and forth across her pre-cum soaked tip. Biting her lips, Pansy sharply cracked the whip against the most sensitive part of Ginny's body causing her to screech, pulling against the cuffs and gritting her teeth painfully, "What the fuck Luna?" Dropping the whip, Pansy turned swiftly towards the cabinet and chose her next tool. A paddle. One side was simple polished wood, whilst the other had smooth metal bumps for added… pleasure. But for who? Crossing back over to the bed, Pansy clambered on top and grabbed both of Ginny's legs, lifting them up above Ginny's head and holding them there with one hand. Taking a rope that she had stashed by the bed, she tied both her legs together before fastening them to the headboard, keeping Ginny locked in a position that flaunted her delectable rear end, all for Pansy's delicious and painful pleasure. Taking her paddle in hand, Pansy started off easily, angling the flat polished wooden side towards Ginny's bum and playfully spanking her enough to elicit a soft grunt. Smirking at the way Ginny's arse rippled beneath the blow, she hit a little harder, a faint yelp coming through Ginny's lips as he ass jiggled back into place, her bum growing slightly redder. Changing to the opposite cheek, Pansy spanked her full force, her ass bouncing back and forth, her skin turning instantly red from the paddle. Adoring the way her bum seemed to bounce and shift, Pansy dropped the paddle for a moment, lifting her hands and bringing them crashing down on Ginny's arse, the soft supple feel of her skin and the way her flesh jiggled beneath her grasp causing Pansy to bite her lip. Falling in love with it, she brought her hands up again and again, bringing them crashing down until Ginny squealed in pain. Grabbing the paddle, she switched sides, rubbing the ribbed metal bumps against Ginny's bum, giving her a moment to anticipate the delicious pain that was about to come. Wincing at the simple graze, Ginny let out a tapered whimper as Pansy struck her bum with the bumps, her ass aching more from that hit than any other. The previous slaps had a sharp burn to them that slowly mellowed out to a strange, yet perverse pleasure. It wasn't anything special and certainly wasn't worth it, but it was there. But the beaded side was just painful. Spanking her over and over again, Pansy relished the red hue that was rising in her bum, certain spots that were struck more than others bearing the beginnings of a bruise, much to Pansy's satisfaction. Dropping the paddle, Pansy once again returned to the cabinet, her mind running through the many possibilities before her. She was like a kid in a candy shop, perusing her for her favourite sweets, but ending up dipping into every jar. Plucking from the bottom of the cabinet, Pansy found two toys, each one a delicately polished wood. All the dildos and plugs despite their variety had the same wooden finish and antique air about them. Unsure as to what the toys did, she took a dildo and a butt plug and crossed back over to Ginny, planting her hands on her sensitive, burning ass and spitting into her asshole. Taking the plug in her hands, Pansy gently massaged the tip against her ass, coating it the saliva before slowly and steadily pushing it forwards. Biting her lip, Ginny had begun to clue in to the fact that this might not be Luna. Her mind still considered the fact that it could be. Luna was known for her flights of… eclectic nature… and this could simply be one of her more… experimental episodes. Yet it seemed unlikely. However, Ginny was relieved for more traditional pleasures as she felt her ass getting toyed with. Though, considering the ordeal she went through only moments before, the chances were that this was going to be far from your standard fuck session. The butt plug eased itself into place inside her, settling nicely into her ass. And as the plug rested pleasurably inside her, the enchantment automatically kicked in, vibrating deep within her. "Oh fuck…" Ginny moaned audibly her arse shifting back and forth as she adjusted to the vibrations deep in her arse. Growing tired of Ginny's moans, Pansy pressed the dildo against Ginny's lips and forced it all the way down her throat, not giving her a chance to adjust. Gargling and spluttering around the shaft, Ginny felt herself panic as the dildo inflated, the enchantment causing the toy to grow until it filled her throat and mouth, stretching her lips obscenely. Struggling to breathe, Ginny felt the toy begin to shift in and out of her mouth, giving her a brief window of opportunity to breathe in through her nose before the dildo slid back into place choking her. Grinning at the sight, Pansy watched her Ginny's face begin to flush red, her body sweating and writhing with pleasure and discomfort. The dildo began to speed up, fucking Ginny's throat, causing saliva to pool in her mouth and dribble down her chin and onto her breasts. The sight was brilliant for Pansy as she stood watching the enormous dildo push and strain against Ginny's tight, but experience throat. Pansy watched as her throat bulged to accommodate each thrust, the girl frantically breathing through her nose every brief opportunity she got. Jerking herself back and forth, Pansy decided that Ginny needed to suffer a little more. Crossing over to the cabinet, she plucked the cockhead vibrator from its place, grinning as she crossed over to Ginny to set in motion the most torturous device. Grabbing Ginny's cock by the base, she held it in place and wrapped the vibrator around her tip, watching as it instantly started to vibrate, causing Ginny to squirm deliciously in discomfort, causing Pansy to moan in response. Wriggling her ass back and forth, Ginny began to grunt and groan, the sounds muffled by the thick dildo flooding her gullet. Shaking her hips, she tried desperately to free herself of the toy, the pleasure it was giving her being far too much. It was concentrated in one place causing her to be too pleasured (If such a thing even exists). Not wanting to simply stand at the side jerking off, Pansy clambered up onto the bed and slid underneath the rope that pulled Ginny's legs up and out the way. Straddling Ginny's stomach, Pansy began to use her hands to spank and slap Ginny's tits, causing her to shudder in pain, gargling and grunting in response, her words muffled and becoming indistinguishable. Grabbing her tits, she started squeezed and groping them painfully, savouring the softness of her flesh before capturing both her nipples in either hand. Squeezing and twisting them, she caused Ginny to arch her back, grunting in pain. Twisting them harder and harder, Pansy finally let them go, giving her breasts one last slap before turning her attentions to the redhead's gorgeous lips. "You're my whore now, bitch!" Pansy snarled, pulling the dildo out of Ginny's mouth and watching it shrink in her hand. Gasping for air, Ginny coughed and spluttered finally able to draw deep and proper breaths. Spitting some saliva out and onto her chin, she looked up at her assailant, unable to see her, but able to feel her presence. Before she could even say anything, the dildo was replaced by a far small object. Deciding that she didn't really care how Ginny found out it was Luna, Pansy slid her cock past Ginny's lips, savouring the delicious sensation of her first ever blowjob, her mind reeling at the warm, wet pleasures of the ginger girl's mouth. Pansy was plunged into heaven. After a year or two of sucking Draco's cock diligently whenever he asked, she finally understood why he was so fond of her mouth. The feeling off having Ginny's lips wrapped snugly around her cock was sensational and as she started to drag her hips back and forth, she started to fall more in love with receiving blowjobs that she ever thought she would. Instead of letting Ginny adjust (not that she needed to adjust to such a small shaft) Pansy opted to fuck her mouth with speed, focussing on her own selfish pleasure, her balls slapping audibly against Ginny's chin as the ginger girl moaned and writhed in pleasure. The vibrators were sending her wild and she couldn't contain herself, desperately try to free herself of their vibrating touch. Pansy didn't care. Her moans were vibrating across her shaft and causing her moan loudly, pounding her hips back and forth against Ginny's throat. Despite the incredible pleasure of having her cock submerged in such a skilled mouth, Pansy couldn't help but imagine just how delicious it would feel to have her cock sliding down Ginny's gullet, fucking the younger girl's throat. Her tip barely scratched the inside of Ginny's throat, but that was easily the best part of her blowjob. Grabbing Ginny's head, Pansy started to slam her hips harder into her mouth, trying desperately to get her cock deeper and deeper into Ginny's mouth, but to no avail. Settling for what she could manage, Pansy had an idea, one that was entirely ludicrous, but considering the size of her shaft would allow her to savour at least a tiny inch of Ginny's throat. Pushing her fingers inside Ginny's mouth, she forced her jaw open wider and managed to squeeze her balls inside Ginny's mouth alongside her small thin shaft. With her balls no longer slapping against her chin, Pansy managed to push her cock slightly deeper into Ginny's throat, her tip graced by the flexing, tightness of her clutching throat. Moaning loudly, Pansy was given more pleasure as Ginny's tongue was forced against her balls, gently sliding back and forth across the sensitive organs as Ginny struggle to relax her mouth. The position meant that Pansy could no longer thrust in and out of her mouth, but she didn't care. She was lusting after tighter pleasures. Her first ever arsehole needed to be fucked. Pulling her cock and balls out of Ginny's mouth, Pansy wormed her way out from underneath the rope and went round to her asshole. "Ah! Who are you?" Ginny exclaimed, his hips flailing as the vibrator pressed uncomfortably against the tip of her cock starting to hurt. Biting her lip, she tried to free herself of the toy, but was unable, the pleasure intensifying and becoming unbearable, her cock leaking copious amounts of pre-cum, the substance rolling down her shaft as it leaked uncontrollably. Pansy strolled around to her legs, pulling the vibrator out of her arse and replacing it with the tip of her thin, short cock. Ginny was glistening with sweat, beads of it rolling down her forehead as the vibrator tortured her. However, Pansy didn't care as her attention was slowly taken away by the Ring sitting on the counter. There must be some reason behind it. It must do something. The allure was palpable and as she pulled her cock away from Ginny's arse, Pansy was entirely intrigued. Her focussed allure was broken briefly by Ginny exclaiming, "Please! Take the vibrator off!" "Shut it!" Pansy snapped, silencing the usual talkative Ginny. She was afraid of what the mystery girl would do. Being completely at such a sadistic person's mercy was playing havoc with Ginny's mind and even though her body was starting to ache, she didn't want to incur the persons anger any more. Taking the Ring, Pansy rolled it over her finger, but noticed that it did nothing. Noticing the inscription on the side, she bit her lip and lowered it down to her cock, pulling the metal ring down her shaft until it rested snugly against the base of her cock. And immediately, Pansy fell entirely in love. Her cock grew before her very eyes, doubling then tripling in size until it was almost as long as her forearm and easily as wide as her fist. Her cock flopped down against her thigh and she had to drop both her hands down to pick up. She simply couldn't comprehend it. Her tiny cock was replaced by a gargantuan length, almost inoperable, but entirely brilliant. It was as if her dreams of getting rid small shaft and replacing it with a normal one was a reality. Only the seven-inch shaft was replaced with fourteen inches. The awe she was so strong that she forgot that she was supposed to be getting the Ring for Draco and instead fell in love with her new shaft, desperate to try it one someone. Luckily for her, Ginny broke her trance with a rather poor choice of words. "Take it off! Take it off! Take it off, you pixie dicked bitch!" Ginny exclaimed as the vibrator forced her cock to cum. Her shaft began to explode across her chest, unloading strand after strand of cum onto her belly and breasts, coating them in a layer of it. Pre-cum had dribbled down around her shaft and making a glossy, glistening trail down between her arse cheeks, lubricating her arse for the wrath that she was about to incur. Normally, once she had cum, her shaft would soften, but the vibrator was instilling so much pleasure that her body refused to let her shaft soften and refused to give her some relief. "Pixie dick, eh?" Pansy smirked, crossing over to Ginny, her new cock flopping against between her legs. Ripping the vibrator away from Ginny's cock, she gave the ginger bitch a moment of respite before rubbing her newfound massive, pre-cum soaked tip against Ginny's tight, flexing arse, "Let's see what this ring of yours has to say about that. Going dry I reckon. Fitting for a fucking slut like you…" "The Ring? Wait, no, please, I can't ta…" Ginny begged, trying to wriggle her arse away, but it was all in vain. Pansy had a vice like grip on Ginny's legs and as she forced them backwards, up towards her head with one hand, she used her other hand to guide her massive, fat cockhead into Ginny. Flexing her hole, Ginny tried her best to deny Pansy access, but Pansy's hunger to fuck her first ever arsehole and to try out her new cock was stronger. It took a few seconds, but her arse slowly gave away with Pansy's bulbous tip pushing past her defences, Ginny's asshole tightening around the new intruder. Her mouth fell open as she experienced the obscene width that the Ring provided once again. She and Luna hadn't experimented much with it recently and Ginny still couldn't get any more inside her without feel an overwhelming amount of pain. But something told her, the owner of the cockhead that was lodged inside her didn't care much for her wellbeing. The feeling of her arsehole wrapping around her cock was sensational sending Pansy into a pleasure driven haze. Grabbing Ginny's legs, she slowly began to push forwards, her cock being able to split Ginny in two with ease. Barely able to put up a fight, Ginny felt her ass get torn in two, the mysterious cock plunging deeper and deeper each second. Ginny quickly reached her pleasurable limit, but Pansy simply continued to push past it, savouring and craving the sensation of having more and more of her massive new cock submerged in such a tight clutching arse. Ginny's hands flexed as she gritted her teeth as Pansy pushed more and more inside. Grunting in pain, Ginny eyes flew open as she felt Pansy's heavy, bulbous balls smack against her bum, her entire arse full of the massive Ring enhanced cock, something that Ginny thought she would never be able to handle. And she was right. She couldn't handle it. But that didn't stop it from happening. "Please stop. I'll suck you off, just… don't fuck me with that on," Ginny pleaded through gritted teeth, her wrists starting to ache as she felt Pansy rearrange her insides with even the slightest movement. When Luna had used the Ring, she used in such a way that caused pleasure to pour into Ginny's body, but not this time. Her body rejected any notion of pleasure and was rigid with pain, her arse burning from the cock rammed deep inside her, stretching her asshole obscenely wide, so much so, she wouldn't be tight again for weeks. "And miss out on Potter's favourite fuck toy. Although… from what I hear, not entirely his favourite," Pansy snarled, robbing Ginny of her words as she tried to object by simply pulling her hips slowly backwards, sliding her cock slowly out of Ginny's stretched arse and flooding her body with pain. Pansy was in heaven. The newfound size of her cock meant that pleasure was bristling from her shaft with even the slightest movement. Pansy felt that simply by moving a single inch back and forth inside her, she could make herself cum in seconds. However, her mind wanted her to fuck Ginny with every delicious inch of her cock, savouring the tight, delectable warmth of her first ever arsehole, a sensation that Pansy couldn't have enough off. She wouldn't be able to rest for simply getting rutted against by Draco and having to finish herself of in the bathroom. Pansy needed her own arse to fuck on lonely nights and she debated the idea of keeping Ginny locked up her for her own, delicious pleasure, but figure she'd wriggle free somehow or someone would come looking. Pulling her cock slowly backwards, Pansy didn't care about pounding her hard and fast like Draco did to her. Instead she wanted to savour the contours and sensations of her arse with each slow movement. Gently dragging her hips backwards, she wormed the massive length of her shaft out of Ginny's arse, giving the girl the smallest moment of relief before sliding back in. There was a faint moan on Ginny's lips as she pulled almost the entirety of her cock out of her arse, but that was quickly replaced by a wince of pain when Pansy pushed back in, her heavy balls colliding with the girl's plump arse causing it to jiggle ever so slightly. Ginny went limp, flopping against the bed and simply focusing on staying conscious as she felt her arse get ripped in two with every soft, gentle thrust. Occasionally, she would wince as Pansy slid her cock all the way in, but Ginny quickly became just a hole to Pansy. Starting to thrust slightly quicker, Pansy felt Ginny start to give in, her arse loosening and allowing her to shift her hips back and forth slightly faster. Opting for simply moving five or six inches in and out instead of her entire shaft, Pansy developed a swift and pleasurable rhythm, her fat cock head mashing against Ginny's prostate, but not offering her any pleasure at all. Any twang delicious pleasure was outdone by the ache her ass was feeling. All Ginny could think of was how she was going to pound whoever was doing this into hell. Pansy was fucking her slightly slower, but if the roles were reversed, Ginny would be slamming her hips back and forth, ensuring her attacker wouldn't be walking for days. Ginny's thoughts quickly became a reality as she felt herself unwittingly growing looser. Her arse was giving away simply through time and practice and she had no control. The pleasure flooding Pansy's cock was immense and as she craved more and more, her thrusts started to lose the control and pleasurable pace. Instead she drew her hips back as if someone else was controlling her and slammed them swiftly, pleasurably and painfully forwards, stretching Ginny's arse and causing her to whimper as Pansy's balls slapped against her bum. Pansy felt herself nearing an orgasm as she sped her thrusts up as much as her cumbersome cock would allow. The sensation of plunging balls deep in her first ever asshole was enough to brim her to the edge and now she was ready to push herself over it. Sliding her cock one last time inside Ginny's ass, she unloaded her massive ring enhanced cumshot, pumping Ginny full of a massive amount of cum. Groaning instinctively, Ginny let her head loll to one side, unable to formulate the thinking capacity to deal with the situation. She was exhausted, tired and sore in unimaginable ways. The groan she let out was simply her body taking control for a brief second. Pansy moaned louder and louder, revelling in how long her orgasm now lasted. Her cock seemed to spurt strand after strand of pleasurable cum into Ginny's arse and didn't stop for a fair while. As it began to subside, she waited for her cock to soften, but didn't have that luck. Sliding her cock out of Ginny's ass, Pansy's eyes went wide as her cock remained hard, flopping back down by her thighs under its immense weight. This ring was incredible, she thought. Dressing herself, Pansy moved to pull her panties on, but decided against it, stuffing them in her bag alongside Ginny's panties. A trophy of her first every conquest. Hopefully, the first of many. Pulling her skirt up, she adjusted it so that it hid her cock away, debating whether or not to take the ring off. Not wanting to simply lose her new shaft, Pansy kept it on, opting to hide it as best she could before strutting out of the room and back to the common room, leaving Ginny on her own for a few minutes until her saviour came for her. "Ginny?" a voice timidly called from the corridor after a few minutes passed. Ginny had felt herself drifting off, exhausted after her ordeal, but perked up as she heard the voice. A pair of footsteps echoed as someone walked into the room and gently rested their hand on her shoulder, causing Ginny to jump, "Are you alright?" "Who are you? Let me go…" Ginny asked weakly, coughing slightly as she felt someone reach up and slowly undo the cuffs. They weren't locked with a key, but couldn't be undone without two free hands which was a relief for Ginny. As the first one fell away, she moaned in relief, her wrists red and sore from the painfully sharp edge that was pressing painfully into her flesh. Her other hand quickly came free and she rubbed her wrists, eliciting more pleasure from that soothing touch than she received from that entire ordeal. Her legs came swiftly down as the rope was untied and pair of fingers, peeled away the blindfold. Ginny squinted through the light and was happily met with the concerned, dazed face of Luna. "Luna… who was that? Did you see who did all that to me?" Ginny asked looking down at her body and seeing her skin red with whip and spank marks. Her nipples had finger marks from where Pansy had plucked and played with them and her arse had a bruise or two forming beneath the red raw skin, a bitter consequence of Pansy's treatment. Wincing as she moved, she wiped the cum away from her stomach and arse before trying to lift herself up onto her feet, her stance shaky and her knees buckling almost instantly. "No… I only saw that they wore Slytherin robes," Luna said, helping steady Ginny and guiding her back to the bed, watching her scrunch her face up painfully as she rested her bum against the soft sheets, her asshole still aching and gaped from Pansy's fucking. "They had to be younger than us. She had a tiny dick, so I'm thinking first or second year. Maybe it was Greengrass's sister. Astor… something," Ginny pondered, her mind more concerned with finding out who it was rather than her own wellbeing. She didn't even entertain the notion of the girl being the same age or older as she assumed most people were rather well endowed when it came to down below, "I wonder…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Walking into the common room, Pansy felt herself imbued with a new confidence. The new, heavy shaft bouncing beneath her skirt was emboldening her, giving her a certain noticeable swagger. Casting her eyes across the common room, she eyed up potential candidates for her next conquest. She debated trying to convince Daphne to bend over or that brat of a sister she had, but decided they would be too difficult. She could easily persuade one of those dim-witted idiots that followed Draco around to bend over. They'd just be happy to see a pair of tits. But she decided that chubs and gobs would be far too disgusting an encounter. Perhaps she could get an unwitting first or even second year to play the role of her puppet. "Did you find it?" Draco asked, grabbing her by the shoulder and breaking her trance, causing her to turn sharply around to face her boyfriend. "Eh… No… she didn't have it," Pansy lied not wanting to forfeit the greatest thing she had ever discovered simply because Draco asked. Blagging her way through, she continued by saying, "The ginger bitch said that she dropped it by the Forbidden Forest. Probably whilst she had Potter bent over by a tree…" "Damn! It could be anywhere…" Draco snapped, grabbing her by the arm and dragging her off to his bedroom, "You did well though. You can suck me off as a treat…" Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that. It is a little kinkier than other ones, but as this story continues it will get progressively naughtier and kinkier. Something to look forward to surely. I also was intending this chapter to be shorter, but it's actually fairly long which is surprising. Hey ho, hoped you like it. (Let me know if I was a little too rough on poor Ginny! Or if I didn't go rough enough!) Let me know what you think in a review. Suggestions, feedback and criticism are always more than welcome, and I read and appreciate every single one of them. And I try to respond to as many as I can if I can find the time. Also remember to answer on the poll about the one-shot. I will close it when the next chapter is uploaded, so get on it quickly! The next chapter should be interesting. Chapter 16 was the first chapter that was sort of a montage chapter. A lot of little scenes strung together into one chapter. If you enjoyed that sort of chapter let me know if you want more of them. I have a few planned, but mostly for things like the Yule Ball that have lots of characters and potential situations. It would be a shame to only have one pairing when there are so many to choose from. And it would be far too time consuming to write a chapter for each pairing, so I clump them together into one. Let me know what you think of that style. The next chapter is one of those chapters and features some people trying to get their dates for the Yule Ball. And the twins grow a conscience. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Just wanted to say a few things about the previous chapter. I realise that it isn't everyone's cup of tea. We all have different preferences and that's what this story is all about. Writing about different stuff. (It's about shemales after all). And I want to keep things as varied and interesting as possible which is why some chapters won't be for everyone. But when you look at the entire story, chances are there will only be a couple chapters out of a whole bunch that aren't for you, meaning that there is still plenty to enjoy. So, even if there are chapters you don't like, don't just abandon the story, because it'll be back to stuff you enjoy quickly. I'd rather have something for everyone than write the same chapter two dozen different times, but with different names. Also, there are only a couple chapters that are like the previous one in this story. Some chapters are kinkier, but don't have that dubious level of consent that turned people away with the previous one! And, cheers for 200 reviews! Love you guys. Also, I got 17 reviews in the first day which was absolutely insane. Cheers, means a lot! This chapter is a little bit more character based. By saying, I mean that it's setting up a few characters arc kind of things or rather progressing different characters. There is a bit of talking to set stuff up, but that is all outlined with sex and smut and all the fun stuff. I'll just let you read it and be the judge! Enjoy! Chapter 18: The Unexpected Task "Harder…" Harry moaned loudly, grunting in painful pleasure as Ginny hammered hard into, savouring the depth of his tight, clutching arse before slowly pulling backwards until only her tip remained. Pounding forwards, Ginny moaned loudly, their bodies slick with sweat colliding yet again. They had been at it for a couple hours, orgasm after orgasm relishing each other's bodies. Harry was on top, Ginny on top, sucking cock, licking ass and just jerking off. Both of them were getting tired, but neither of them wanted to sacrifice the next orgasm that they were working up, their cocks tingling with brilliant pleasurable sensations. Tightening her grip on Harry's waist, Ginny pulled him hard back into her thrust, pushing herself deeper as she did so, her balls slapping loudly against his. Between his legs, his hand was busy furiously jerking himself off, speeding up whenever she was pulling out, only to slow down as she slammed back in. Only on his knees, he had his cheek resting against the bed as his other hand reached behind him, spreading his cheeks wider, savouring the sensation of her plunging deeper and deeper inside him. "Are you excited for the Yule Ball?" Ginny asked, thrusting one last time into her boyfriend's tight bum before slowly pulling it out and relieving his tight arse of her thick, bulbous shaft. Rolling onto the bed, Ginny reclined against the headboard and without Ginny even needing to say anything, Harry understood her intentions instantly and clambered on after her. "Yeah… I guess…" Harry said, straddling Ginny's waist and reaching back behind him to grab onto her cock. Angling her shaft, he rested the tip of her cock against his hole and slowly slid it back inside, moaning as she filled her pert arse for yet another round. "Will be a pretty romantic night… We can dance, and you know… be a couple," Ginny smiles, her heart fluttering as Harry began to gently bounce up and down. The new fresh angle didn't allow him to slam his hips downwards just yet, but he slowly began to build to that, the room filling with the sound of his bum slapping against her thighs, echoed by the soft slaps of his hand jerking across his cock. "You want us to go together?" Harry asked, confused as to what she meant. The whole reason they were skulking around instead of wandering the castle arm and arm, being Ron and how he would react. Ginny's hand dropped to Harry's balls, gently massaging them as her other hand coaxed him to start bouncing faster and faster, their moans interrupted only by their breathless speech. "Er, yeah? We're a couple. Why would we not go together?" Ginny asked, sliding both her hands onto Harry's hips and starting to slam him downwards, burying her entire length deep inside him with each long, deep thrust, the tightness of his arse remaining even after such a long fuck session. "It'd be kind of hard to explain to Ron. He doesn't know about us yet," Harry moaned, the feeling of having his behind speared again and again roughly by Ginny enough to make his head a little hazy. His experience with Katie had definitely given him a delicious inclination for the rougher side of sex and whilst Ginny preferred it to be slow and sensual when she was on bottom, Harry much preferred a rougher approach when he as getting fucked. No where near as hard as Katie though. Harry still needed to develop a taste for being spanked… "Are you kidding me? You don't want to go to the Yule Ball with me because of my brother?" Ginny exclaimed, annoyed that Ron was being brought as an excuse for them to not go public. She was alright with it in the beginning, but the months had ticked past leaving her in need of some more. Pulling him down on her cock, she held him there, stopping his bouncing as he opened his eyes. "Hey, you didn't want him to find out about us either?" Harry argued, desperate to cum, but being denied such pleasures by Ginny who held him in place, forcing him to simple sit with her cock lodged inside him with none of the sumptuous pleasure from the actual fucking. "This is a once in a lifetime event and I want to spend a romantic evening with the person I care about," Ginny said, folding her arms angry that she wasn't going to get to spend the evening with Harry at this rate. "I have this whole tournament thing to worry about, I don't need my best friend hating my guts again." Harry said, annoying her further. Pushing him off her, Harry groaned as her cock slid out of his arse, leaving him hard, horny and without any relief. Rolling of the bed, she pulled her panties on and covered herself in her robes, holding the rest of her clothing in her hands as she stormed to the door of the corridor. "I just wanted to spend a nice evening with my boyfriend. I didn't realise our relationship was only a secret to keep my brother happy," Ginny exclaimed as she walked out into the corridor, making her way back towards the actual school, leaving Harry chasing after her entirely naked. "Ginny. Don't do this…" Harry pleaded, chasing after her to the entrance of the corridor, but stopping shy of leaving, fearful that someone would see him naked. "Harry. I'm tired of skulking about in the dark because you are afraid of what one person might think. Until you realise that, I…" Ginny began, tearing up slightly as she turned and walked into the school, wiping her tears from her eyes as she went back to the common room, angry, "I just… You're right. Maybe it's best you go with someone else. I'll… Talk to you later…" "Ginny…" Harry called, but to no avail. Sliding back into the corridor, he walked to get his clothes, his cock still painfully hard and in need some relief. Relief that he would most likely have to administer himself. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "And she just walked away?" Katie groaned as Harry bent her over the desk, rubbing his hand between her cheeks, gently massaging a dribble of saliva into her hole. Replacing his fingers with his shaft, he forced the bulbous tip of his cock against her flexing hole and pushed in with one swift push. She seemed tighter, but Harry quickly disregarded that idea and hammered his hips home, slamming the entirety of his cock into Katie's welcoming and clutching arsehole, "Come on! You can go harder than that. I can barely feel it." "Yeah… She just stormed off. And apparently, she's going to the Yule Ball with Neville now," Harry said, pulling back and slamming back in, moaning as he did so, causing Katie to grunt in pleasure. The pair had snuck into a small empty classroom, quickly stripping naked and getting into it. "You think you've broken up or something?" Katie moaned as Harry built up his pace, his hips crashing against her arse and sending the table she was leaning against forwards slightly with each deep orgasmic thrust. Biting her lip, she rested her cheek against the surface of the table, savouring the sensation of her arse prying apart as Harry's cock impaled her again and again. Her cock was sandwiched between her silky stomach and the coarse surface of the desk with each thrust pulling her foreskin back over her head, making her moan even more. "I don't know. She's angry at me because I don't want Ron knowing about us," Harry says, speeding his thrusts, his voice going a little haggard as he found his stride hammering back and forth, his balls smacking against Katie's as their bodies began to glisten with sweat. The last time they did this, they were in the shower and any sweat would simply roll away, but now they were glowing glossy as they built up a sweat, grunting and groaning against one another as they savoured the sensation of being pounded. "Well, you'd better hurry up and find a date. People are pairing off by the minute," Katie moaned as Harry rose his hands and sharply spanked her ass, red hands prints glowing bright on her creamy, white, glossy flesh. Moaning lowly, Katie bit her lip the sharp pain only accentuating the pleasure growing in her arsehole. "Actually, I was going to ask you," Harry said, slowing his thrusts down, much to Katie's annoyance. Turning around to face Harry, she looked at him quizzically, more disappointed that he wasn't pounding into her anymore. He quickly clarified, assuming that Katie was worried their relationship was growing more than friends, "As friends?" "Ah, I wish you'd have asked me sooner. I thought you'd be going with Ginny, so I said yes to Fred Weasley," Katie smiled, pulling Harry's cock out of her bum and turning around to face Harry. Groaning in disappointment as his second option bailed on him, Katie quickly made up for It as she pushed him slowly backwards until he hit a desk. Forcing him down onto his back, he watched as Katie straddled his hips and reached down behind her to find his shaft. Biting her lip, she groaned in ecstasy as she forced his tip back inside her, where it belonged. "Great… Now I'm going to be the only one without a date," Harry sighed, as Katie slid her arse slowly down his cock, growing accumulated with the position, one that she very rarely partook in. As soon as the entirety of his shaft was lodged deep inside her bum, she adjusted her position and began to bounce up and down, slamming her arse down on his cock, the pair of them moaning in unison as Katie's cock flopped back and forth, droplets of pre-cum spraying from her tip as it bounced up and down. "A man like you, with a cock like this? You'll find someone," Katie smirked, bringing a smile to Harry's lips. The pair shared a look before Harry grabbed her hips and stopped her from bouncing up and down. Sliding her up to the tip of his cock, Harry smiled at her curious look. Watching with glee, Harry turned that confused look to one of immense pleasure as he slammed her ass down onto his cock, her legs crumbling beneath the pleasure. As Katie's knees went weak, she fell forwards, her breasts pressing against Harry's chest as she moaned meekly, her arse brimming with delicious pleasure. Harry's hands grabbed her arse cheeks, roughly pulling them up and down as he impaled her on his shaft at his own discretion. As she slammed her hips down onto his cock, he would often spank her cheeks, letting them fall back into place with a slightly redder tinge to them before roughly guiding her up and down a few more times, moaning and groaning as their sweaty, sexy bodies writhed together in pleasure, the rough and faster pace quickly becoming a favourite of Harry's. Wrapping her hands around Harry's neck, Katie gasped as Harry started to thrust upwards as he pulled her arse downwards, his cock plunging deeper and deeper inside her. Moaning loudly, she went limp, clinging to him as he slammed himself in and out of her behind, her arse stinging as his hand clapped sharply against her skin, spanking her harder and harder until each one caused her to squeal loudly. Grunting, Harry felt Katie's cock grinding against his stomach, pre-cum leaking across their bellies as it spewed faster and faster across their skin, soft squelching sounds joining the chorus of slaps, grunts and spanks. Harry hooked his arms under Katie's legs and rolled onto his feet, holding Katie in his arms whilst still ensuring she remained impaled on his shaft. Shuffling across the room, he laid her on her back across a desk, pushing her legs up into the air, opening her hole even wider. Drawing his hips back, he made sure only his tip remained before hammering home, sending ripples through her bum as she groaned in painful pleasure, her eyes rolling closed and her cock twitching as she came closer and closer to unloading across herself. "Don't stop… Please, I'm so close," Katie begged, her balls beginning to tighten as she felt herself barrelling towards and orgasm. Harry's shaft was closer, his orgasm teetering on the edge. With one last thrust, he started to cum. Pulling out of her hole just in time to shower her bum cheeks with his cum, Harry dropped one of his hands to his shaft, jerking him as he milked every last drop of cum. Sighing, annoyed that she didn't Katie, began to lower her legs, but had her breath stolen away as Harry's other hand plunged four fingers deep inside her without warning, "Oh fuck… Yeah…" Plunging his fingers in and out of her loosened hole, Harry built up quite the speed, riding down his own orgasm as he did so. As soon as the last few dribbles of cum seeped from his hand, he replaced his own cock with Katie's applying pleasure on two front and causing her to writhe against the table. Jerking her cock whilst sliding his fingers into her ass, a soft slapping sound filling the room as his hand collided with her cheeks, Harry finally brought her to the edge, her cock erupting across her belly, showering her in a pent-up orgasm. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Ron. Can we talk before we… get into it?" Hermione asked as she closed the door to the small broom-cupboard behind her, before turning and watching Ron start to undress. This was the first time they had been together since the forest even though Ron had pursued her a few times to fruitless ends. But since her encounter with Fleur at the First Task, Hermione had decided she needed to be forthright with Ron, though words would surely betray her as she tried to explain the elegant conclusion Fleur was able to draw for her. "Eh, yeah sure," Ron smiled, unbuttoning his trousers and dropping them to the floor, eager to get a move on. Fleur had helped him out a couple times, but he was in desperate need of some pleasurable relief. And as he tore of his shirt, he just wanted to get fucking. "I've been thinking…" Hermione said, watching as Ron stood before her in only his boxers, sliding slowly down onto his knees in front of her as he had gotten so used to doing. Slowly unbuttoning Hermione's jeans, Ron hooked his fingers in her back pockets, gently beginning to pull them down over her curvaceous heart shaped arse. Part of her wanting to stop him, but she didn't have the heart to, instead saying meekly, "Ron. I don't think this is the time…" "When are you not thinking?" Tugging her jeans slowly downwards, peeling her panties over her shaft and letting her thick, heavy cock slap across his face. Dropping her clothing down around her ankles, Ron slid his hand up to her cock, wrapping it around the base of her shaft and gently jerking her back and forth, silencing Hermione for a moment as she fought the urge to softly moan, "And you have never said no to blowjob." "It's just… Oh…" Hermione started only to have herself interrupted by Ron's lips parting and taking her cock into his mouth. Gently moving his tongue across her tip, his hand continuing to jerk her swiftly off, Ron moaned quietly as his first taste of pre-cum dribbled down onto his tongue. Dropping her hand instinctively, Hermione slowly wove her fingers in amongst his hair, gently coaxing him to push her shaft deeper into his mouth, his lips slowly inching down the side of her shaft, "I've been thinking… oh, baby…" Pushing his lips down her shaft, he kept his mouth clamped tightly around her cock, coating each inch with saliva as he went deeper and deeper. The tip of her cock prodded against his throat, but he eagerly swallowed, taking the shaft down his gullet, his throat rejecting it as he spluttered and gagged around the shaft. Stopping, Ron moved to pull his lips back up, but was held in place by Hermione's steady hand, which gently coaxed him to take more and more, not satisfied with the depth he had. His throat spasmed and clenched around her shaft, spurring her guiding hand onwards, pushing his throat further and further down, until his throat wouldn't let him go any further. Saliva poured down the rest of her shaft, collected dutifully by Ron who jerked the rest of her cock eagerly, despite the resistance his throat was giving. He was used to Hermione's firm stance and secretly welcomed it, the more commanding and dominating side of her making his cock throb massively. Pre-cum was seeping out of the tip of his cock, drenching his boxers as his shaft begged for release. Not freeing his cock, relishing the slight discomfort, Ron clamped his hand on the outside, gently massaging and jerking himself through the fabric as Hermione tugged on his hair, pulling him back along her cock, moaning loudly as she did so. Pushing and pulling his head up and down her cock, Hermione began to softly thrust forwards, fucking her cock deeper into his throat, the tight warm slickness of his tightening and flexing throat enough to make her weak at the knees, her stance quivering as she dropped a second hand to his head, starting to skull fuck him. The harder, pleasure driven stance broke past his barrier, slamming the last few inches of her cock deep into his unwilling throat, causing him to gag and choke, his eyes watering slightly as she savoured the deepthroat before sliding out of his mouth, craving a different oral pleasure. "Do my ass…" Hermione moaned, pulling her cock out of Ron's throat, moaning as the cool air sent tingling sensations along her saliva coated shaft. Jerking herself off, she slowly turned herself around, presenting her plump bum to Ron, using one hand to steady herself whilst the other pleasured her own shaft. "Huh? Do your ass?" Ron asked, confused as to what she meant. He had half the mind to stand up and slide his cock into her arsehole, but he knew she wasn't exactly a fan of such pleasures and that he would probably get instantly reprimanded. Planting his hands on her bubble butt, Ron pried her cheeks open giving him his first view of her delightfully puckered asshole. "Lick, lick my ass, please," Hermione moaned, her time with Fleur rubbing off on her positively. Hesitant at first, Ron was immediately encouraged as she reached behind him and pushed his head in between her cheeks, his tongue pressed snugly against her arse, causing her to bite her lip, "I've been thinking that maybe… we've been a little too quick with things. Jumping straight into sex and all" "Says the one who just told me to lick her arse," Ron breathed, pulling away for a moment before lovingly diving back in, dragging his tongue sensually across her hole, tracing every delicious wrinkle of her surprisingly nice asshole. The idea of licking some back there was always weird for Ron, but in practice it was quite enjoyable, his tongue darting back and forth across her rosebud, before resting in the crevice of her hole, gently pushing its way inside her, her hole giving away to incredible pleasure. "Shush… Oh, yeah… That's right… Get in there," She groaned loudly as he pushed inside her, his tongue wriggling deeper and deeper inside until his lips were pressed snugly around her hole. Exploring as deep as he could, he moaned audibly, the vibrations causing Hermione to gasp, biting her lips as she continued to jerk herself faster and faster, her balls swinging back and forth as pleasure coursed through her body. Uncertain as to what would divine pleasure from Hermione's body, Ron followed her moans, licking where it managed to make her writhe the most. Darting back and forth, he started to push and pull his tongue in and out, fucking her slightly with the wet muscle, but not enough to make her really spasm. Instead opting to explore deeper and deeper, trying to find that sensitive sweet spot that would make her truly squeal. Burying his nose in her bum, he lunged his tongue deep inside, the tip grazing against her sweet spot and causing her to shake at the knees, her stance buckling as she bit her lip to silence a scream. Wrapping his arm around her waist, he kept her standing upright as he searched for that sweet spot again, his tongue dancing across it once more and causing her breath to escape her, her mouth falling open in silent scream as her body convulsed in pleasure Teasing her with more of that pleasure, Ron ran his tongue over the less sensitive portions of her arse before suddenly jabbing at her sweet spot causing her to fall backwards slightly, Ron's grip on her the only thing keeping her upright as a thin layer of sweat grew over her body. Slowly down, Ron let her catch her breath and as she did so, she managed to compose herself enough to further the conversation, although she simply craved an orgasm with part of her wanting to bend Ron over and ram her cock deep inside him. "It's just I don't really know what I want… Sexually. And I think we should experiment a little before… we… you know… start a proper relationship…" Hermione finally managed to murmur as she felt her orgasm coming closer and closer. Reading her like a book, Ron pulled his tongue out, wanting to savour her hardened cock a little more before she exploded. "You want to try different stuff? I'm up for that," Ron smiled, standing up and wrapping his arms around Hermione's waist, pulling her close to him, his shaft grinding softly against her bum. Nuzzling his nose into her neck, he softly kissed her as she butchered her point. "No… I mean… I like you. I want to go out with you, but I think we should experiment with different people. And explore and find out what we like before rushing into a relationship?" Hermione smiled, turning around to face Ron whose face was screwed up in confusion, almost anger at the prospect. "You want to experiment with other people? You're a gorgeous, beautiful girl. You could happily experiment with every single person in this school. Me? I'm the weird ginger kid. No one wants to experiment with me. That's why I was so happy with you. I thought I found someone who liked, but now I find out you want to be with other people?" Ron said, his argument surprisingly valid and one that caught Hermione of guard as she stammered through a rather pathetic response. "I don't know what I want. I want to not have to worry about what I want. I just want to know what I want and not have to worry about not knowing," Hermione sighed, a little angry that they were arguing. Breathing softly, she suggested, "Maybe we should have a break." "So, you can shag anyone you want, and I'm just left on my own?" Ron snapped bitterly, taking Hermione by surprise causing her to furrow her brow, tears welling in her eyes. "From what I've seen you have no problem banging gorgeous girls. I wanted to a civil conversation about this, but apparently that's too much!" Hermione wept, pulling her panties and jeans back into place before storming out of the room, her cock painfully pressing against her jeans as she fled the broom cupboard, leaving Ron half naked and incredibly horny. Moving to run after her, he realised his state of undress and slid down in the cupboard, alone and in desperate need of relief. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Mon ami… fuck me 'arder…" Fleur moaned, biting her lip as she felt her ass get filled again and again by a thick veiny cock. She had bent over in one of the courtyards of Hogwarts, tucked away where no one would see her to let her boy toy fuck her from behind. Flipping her uniform up over her arse, she dropped her panties to her knees and savoured the sensation of having Ron's cock inside her for the first time. She had sunk to her knees a few times before to suck him off, but this was the first time she had bent over for him. It was to encourage him to find out about the egg from Harry and Fleur was in desperate need for an orgasm. Speeding his thrusts, up Ron moaned loudly, savouring the sensation of his first ever asshole. When Fleur bent over for him, he was ecstatic, his heart racing at the notion. Hermione had him believing that women couldn't cum from anal pleasure, a fallacy that she conjured up in the heat of the moment during their first encounter and one that Ron still hadn't caught on to, even as he was fucking Fleur from behind, his hands roaming her ass cheeks, plucking and pulling at the soft, perfect handfuls of flesh, moaning loudly as he did so. Moving back and forth, Ron's cock was plunged in and out of delicious pleasure, his instincts taking him faster and faster as he hammered harder and harder. Slamming into her ass, he watched her flesh ripple deliciously, her hole flexing around his cock as their small corner of the courtyard filled with soft slapping sounds, his balls, slick with saliva from Fleur's previous ministrations, slapping against Fleur's balls, heavy with cum. Grabbing her hips, he pulled her back onto his cock, her veela allure dissipating as pleasure consumed Ron's thoughts, his cock sliding roughly inside of her, reaching deeper and deeper each time. Biting her lip, Fleur moaned softly, partly for show and partly because the rougher treatment of her arse was a welcome change. Gabrielle always enjoyed slamming into her behind, but her comparatively smaller size meant she rarely did any damage. The sensual encounter with Hermione was easily her favourite, but Ron's fast and hard approached as sending waves of pleasure coursing through her body, her cock leaking pre-cum down and across her shaft, her tip tingling with sensational pleasure. She closed her eyes and relished the way his cock slid inside her, her arsehole slightly aching, before plunging back into pleasure. Ron wasn't the brightest and brilliantly talented when it came to sex, but Fleur was pleasantly surprised by his first go on her delectable derriere. "Mon dieu! You are very rough Ronald!" Fleur moaned softly, her hands steadying herself against his powerful thrusts. When she was sucking Ron's cock prior to inviting him into her bum, she had unbuttoned the front of her robes, her breasts freed and swinging perfectly with each delicious thrust. The cold bite in the winter air had brought goosebumps along her skin as well as rendering her nipples delectably hard, permanently protruding like tiny dew buds from her plump breasts. "Sorry… I guess I have some… pent up aggression," Ron said, slowing himself down and gently easing his cock in and out of her, relishing the way her asshole seemed to massage his shaft, tightening and clenching brilliantly around his cock, bringing more and more pleasure to him. "Mon ami, zere is no need to slow down. Ze French like it rough…" She purred, slamming her arse back onto his cock, bringing a moan to both their lips in tandem, their eyes both rolling closed as they both enjoyed the depth of the powerful thrust and sensation of Fleur grinding her soft behind against his crotch. Through brief and audible moans, Fleur moaned softly, "What iz bothering you?" "Hermione broke up with me. I think… She said she wanted to sleep with other people," Ron said, briefly summarising their argument and doing Hermione's stance on their disagreement a little disservice. His explanation was paired with him speeding up, not to the speed he was before, but fast enough that each thrust made Fleur moan softly to herself, his shaft grinding perfectly against her prostate and milking her cock for all it was worth. "Ah… ze old lover's spat. I take it she will not be accompanying you to ze Yule Ball zen?" Fleur moaned, her mind curiously debating the notion of asking Hermione to the Ball. Such an act was commonplace in France, at least in the circles that Fleur indulged in, but she quickly shook the idea away. But as soon as she asked, she groaned, not in pleasure, but in disdain as Ron's thrusts once again slowed almost to a halt. "I guess not… I hadn't really thought about it," Ron said, slowing down and stopping. He hadn't thought about that. He assumed that he and Hermione would go to the Ball and that was generally unspoken, but now that they had argued, he had no one. And a very short window of time to remedy that. His trance was broken as Fleur began to push herself back and forth against Ron's cock. "Do not stop… Je n'ai pas toute la journée," Fleur mumbled, the French lost on him, but the sentiment clear. Shaking the thought from his head, at least for the time being, Ron started to pound her again, the slapping of flesh against flesh filling their ears, both of them moaning loudly as their bodies crashed together. Using only one hand to brace herself, Fleur dipped the other one to her breast, her frozen nipples eliciting incredible pleasure as she rolled them through her fingers, gently rubbing and warming them through, each one tingling to the touch. Grunting as Ron picked up his pace, hitting deeper and deeper with each powerful rhythmic thrust, Fleur dropped her hand to her cock, jerking her shaft back and forth furiously, her palm turning glossy with pre-cum as it poured down over her hand, her orgasm steadily building in her balls. Today, she had the unfortunate circumstance of not being able to play with Gabrielle in the morning, meaning that her heavy balls had plagued her all day and with no sign of relief on the horizon, she turned to Ron to get her rocks off. She debated finding Hermione and seducing her into a quickie, but opted against it wanting Hermione to seek her out instead. Ron was barrelling towards his own orgasm swiftly, his cock tingling in that oh so familiar way. Grunting as he came closer and closer, he finally felt his cock tip over the edge, his head exploding as strand after strand of thick white cum spurted deep inside Fleur's arse, sending her over the edge. Jerking herself, she came hard and fast, covering the floor beneath her in cum, a note that Ron didn't pick up, further solidifying the notion that Hermione implanted in his head. Pulling his shaft slowly out of her bum, he fell backwards, his words failing him as he tried desperately to ask if she would like him to take care of her, but failing miserably at noticing the fact she already had. "Well, I shall see you at ze ball," Fleur smiled, pulling her panties up and hiding her breasts away before winking at Ron and slowly striding out of their small alcove and walking across the busy courtyard, her cock and arse soaking her underwear in cum. As she walked away, Ron's mind rattled through things to say, his infatuation with the Veela goddess returning to him and clouding his judgement. Pulling his trousers up, he rushed out of the alcove and tried to catch her attention from across the courtyard, unwittingly drawing everyone else's attention including that of his sister who was studying on a bench. "Do you want to go to the Ball with me?" He bellowed loudly across the courtyard, causing Fleur to turn briefly on the spot, blushing in embarrassment, not for her but for him. Bowing her head, she turned and hurried off, leaving Ron in the middle of the courtyard surrounded by groups of people murmuring about what just happened, his sister rushing over to him as his legs gave away beneath him. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "I still can't believe you asked Fleur Delacour out to the ball," Harry laughed to himself, unable to contain the absolute hilarity of the situation. Ron blushed heavily, embarrassed as Harry brought it up yet again, much to Harry's enjoyment. The pair were making their way up towards the Owlery, weaving past groups of people on the bridge, every single one of them bowing their heads and chuckling, Ron's brusque romantic outburst and subsequent collapse being the talk of the school. Draco had already mocked him mercilessly in Potions. "Shut up… It kind of just… slipped out," Ron smirked, trying to brush past it as the pair made their way up the small snowy hill, the Owlery looming up ahead, "I don't know what happened. After Hermione and I had our fight, I didn't know what I was going to do for the Yule Ball." "Yeah, well. If it makes you feel any better, my options aren't exactly vast," Harry sighed, his attempts to snag a date for the Yule Ball being entirely fruitless. Katie fell through and Ginny was still avoiding him and refusing to acknowledge his existence. His only remaining bet was Cho, a girl he had had brief encounters with, but nothing massively substantial. Despite his exhaustive pondering over who to ask, the fact that he watched her suck Cedric Diggory off before the first task remained lost in his mind, soon to be intimately refreshed. "What are they doing here?" Ron asked as they rounded the last few steps, seeing Fred and George leaning against the wall, peering around the corner and into the Owlery, massive grins on their faces as they did so. Calling out, Ron yelled loudly, "Oi!" "Shut up! Have a look…" Fred snapped, hushing the two as they made their way up, the audible and loud sound of slapping mixed amongst eager slurping sounds. Peering around the corner, Ron and Harry's eyes went wide as they saw the gorgeous sight of Cho Chang naked from the waist down aside from a pair of winter boots, her cock lodged in the tight throat of one Cedric Diggory. Her hands were clamped tightly around Cedric's head, the tip of her cock resting in his mouth, ready to plunge deep into his willing and tight throat. Closing her eyes, she bit her lip and thrust forwards, slamming Cedric's throat down on her cock as she did so. His eyes bulged slightly as her cock slipped past his throat and deep down his gullet, his lips pressed snugly against her neatly trimmed pubic hair, his throat spasming and clenching around her cock, spurring her deepthroat fucking onwards. Her balls slapped against his chin, filling the Owlery with that sumptuous slapping sound that made her quiver. "Oh, fuck baby… I'm gonna fuck this throat so hard…" Cho moaned, Cedric's cock pressing against his trousers tightly as his mouth was essentially used like a toy. Much the same to most of their sexual encounters, he had taken a swig of Cho's Firewhisky to get himself in the mood. Pulling her hips back, she didn't give him time to adjust and slammed back inside, building a swift, deep and hard rhythm that filled the room with a series of loud, wet slaps, echoed by eager, greedy slurps as Cedric did his best to swallow any saliva, but only managed to lubricate her cock even more, spurring her on to go faster and faster. Pulling her cock out of his mouth, she gave him a moment to breathe before angling her cock upwards and showing Cedric her balls, the intention entirely clear. Without provocation, he leaned and suckled on her balls, coating each one of them dutifully with saliva, eagerly lapping his tongue over every inch of delicious flesh he could, popping each one in and out of his mouth until they were shiny, shimmering and deliciously gorgeous, all the while Cho was jerking her cock, moaning loudly. Satisfied with his treatment, she pulled away and returned her cock to his mouth, hammering home again and again, moaning and groaning with every deep, passionate thrust. "Blimey… Is that?" Ron breathed, his trousers tightening as he watched the scene play out in front of him. Harry had pointed out Cho previously and Ron found her quite attractive, enough to involve her in one of his many late-night fantasies. And to see her half naked, slamming her shaft into Cedric's mouth was like witnessing one of his many fantasies. "Cedric Diggory and Cho Chang…" George grinned, his cock already rock hard. He was lazily groping at the front of his jeans, subtly enough for no one to notice, but enough to make his cock tingle excitedly, half wanting to drop his trousers entirely and just jerk openly, "They are properly going at it…" "Well, there goes my last option for the Yule Ball," Harry sighed, his heart deflating as his cock hardened, the sight before him enough to arouse him. Watching the scene play out, they saw Cho pull her cock out of Cedric's mouth, her shaft covered in saliva. Jerking herself back and forth, she turned Cedric around and pushed him up against the wall, crouching down behind him. Undoing his trousers, she dropped them to his ankles, revealing his pert, quidditch toned arse cheeks. "I've been dreaming of this arse all day," Cho purred, spreading his cheeks and spitting eagerly into his hole, the dribble of spit running down his flexing asshole. Massaging the lube in with her thumb, she spanked his ass and stood back up, running her cock between his cheeks, resting the tip of her head against his hole. Normally she would be as forward as she was being, but she had been deprived for a few days, her erection becoming painful meaning she was in dire need of release. Hence, their surroundings. She could barely feel the cold as her heart raced, her cock throbbing to the touch, simply desperate to get relieved. "Oh, cheeky," Fred smirked, nudging George, the pair chortling silently together as Ron and Harry shot them a look of utter disdain. "Would it be weird if we started jerking off?" George asked, entranced with the sight of Cho preparing to hammer Cedric's ass. Turning to look at Harry and Ron, he received strange looks of confusion, hoping that he was joking. Both of them were pretty open sexually, but even Harry was a bit iffy about whipping his dick out and jerking it with his friends, prompting George to murmur, "Okay, a bit weird…" Pressing forwards, Cho split his ass in two with ease, his hole use to her less than sensitive treatment. As soon as the tip was inside, Cho grabbed his hips, widened her stance and pull his arse back onto her thrust, moaning as every inch of her cock plunged inside of him with ease. Like a hot knife through butter. The pair moaned in unison as her hips collided with his ass, the scene reminding Harry of his time with Katie. Cho was quick to raise her hands and loudly and sharply spank Cedric before starting to roughly fuck his tight little ass, her cock eagerly spearing him. Reaching forwards, she grabbed his tousled hair, using it as anchor to pull him backwards onto his shaft, getting her cock deeper and deeper. Slamming in and out, she savoured the sounds that filled the room. The sound of her saliva slick cock plunging in and out of his arse, echoed by the sound of her lubricated balls smacking against Cedric's smalls balls, his cock soft due to the painful pleasure coursing through his arse. His cock may have been soft, but he was still riding closer and closer to his orgasm with each delicious thrust, his arse tearing in two each time Cho hammered home. One last thrust and Cho unloaded, pumping her boyfriend full of cum, strand after stand filling up his tight bum. She had enough cum built up that it began to leak along her cock, dribble down over her balls even with her shaft lodged balls deep in his arse. His tight, clenching, spasming bum made sure to drain her dry, spurting the last few drops of cum inside him as his own cock began to twitch wildly, his cum spraying across the floor. Slowly pulling her cock out of his bum, she leaned down and planted a soft kiss on his butt before pulling his boxers back up into place, making sure he kept her cum inside him for as long as possible. "You know Fred. I reckon I'm getting soft," George sighed, turning to face Fred and folding his arms, receiving a strange look from his twin, "Not like that…" "How so George?" Fred asked curiously, Harry and Ron forced to eavesdrop of a peculiar conversation they knew nothing about. "Well, I reckon the only reason ol' Diggory is bending over in these freezing conditions, besides being able to get his rocks of with Cho Chang, is that plucky little bottle we concocted for her," George explained, glancing back into the Owlery watching the pair start to dress themselves before heading up into the Owlery to finish what they came to do before they were sexually side-tracked. "You mean the one she stole from us?" Fred corrected him smugly, quickly being brushed aside. "No need for semantics. My point is, perhaps we should alleviate that stress of owning such a bottle and allow Cedric some time to breathe," George suggested, Ron looking at him as if he was talking a completely different language, "All the while procuring a valuable asset." "You know what George? I wholeheartedly agree," Fred smiled in response, the two immediately beginning to plot their master plan to retrieve the Suggestibility Potion. "What they hell are you two on about?" Ron asked as the twins pushed past them on the stairs, hurrying back towards the castle, a perverse and naughty plan immediately coming to their minds. "Never you mind. Haven't you got another French bombshell to shout sweet nothings at from across the castle?" George laughed, Ron's face turning a deeper shade of red as they raced off, leaving Harry sniggering behind his hand, whilst Ron was fuming. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. A little more plot centric. Essentially moving the pieces into place for the next few chapters and beginning to set up the Yule Ball. For all those that are disappointed about the prospect of the main character's relationships being jeopardy. Think of it more as temporary circumstances that allow our characters to explore other sexual options. Besides with every good argument, comes brilliant make up sex. Also, sorry if this is a little late. Was hard pressed this week! As always, please leave a review. The feedback from the last chapter was very helpful and I am going to take a lot of it on in the future. I am aware that I can't please everyone, but instead of just ditching the story, let me know and I'll take it on board. And it spurs me on to write more! The next chapter features a pairing that has been requested from the very first chapter onwards. Whilst it might not be as juicy as everyone is expecting, it is the start of their encounters which get progressively naughtier. And, it is the return of everyone's favourite hole in the wall. Till next time! Discount Word: High-Quality-Purno
Author's Note: Hey guys! This week's chapter should be a lot of fun. My favourite chapters to write are always the ones that have more interesting dynamics. Katie/Harry was a lot of fun because it was so different. The same with Fleur/Hermione. And this one Is no different! I know a lot of people will hope that the pairing went further sexually than they do, but all I can is that they get naughtier and naughtier with time. Their interaction in this chapter is a little tamer than normal. But there is still plenty smutty goodness! Now, the Tonks one-shot. I've had a few people asking about it. And now the poll for who Tonks should be paired with is closed. Harry won by a fair margin, so It will be a Tonks/Harry chapter, however, I am entertaining the idea of doing a second Tonks one-shot with the runner up pairings (Bellatrix/Narcissa). Expect it at Christmas! With all that said, enjoy! Chapter 19: The Steel the Nerves "The Yule Ball is in a week and you still haven't found a partner?" Hermione berated as she wove swiftly along the revolving staircases, marching down from the common room with purpose in her footsteps. As she pushed through into the fifth-floor corridor, she glanced behind her, seeing her companion hurrying swiftly along behind, trying his best to keep up with her frantic pace. "It's really tough. Pretty much everyone has a partner already. Who are you going with? I thought you and Ron would be going together?" Harry asked dutifully, having followed Ginny without the slightest question as to what she had planned. It wasn't yet after hours, but Harry still had the cloak tucked into his back pocket, watching through the ornate windows as the moon rose slowly in the sky. "It's a secret. And me and Ron are on a… hiatus… What about Ginny? Why is she going with Neville?" Hermione asked as they rounded a corner, Harry finally managing to catch up with her as she sped along with haste behind each and every step. "We had a fight. She wanted to go together, but I was worried about Ron finding out," Harry said, looking around the corridor, confused as to exactly where they were going. Harry was busy pondering over his remaining options for the Yule Ball when Hermione came frantically up to him asking him to follow her quickly, "Hermione, where are we going?" "You'll see. Keep up," Hermione said as they rounded the last corner and came face to face with a large intricate tapestry. Walking towards it, Hermione peeled away the tapestry, revealing a small stone passageway, leading deeper into the castle. Confused, Harry was led along the passageway and into the secret room, a room that didn't even appear on the Marauder's Map. And if it did, he had never noticed it. "What is this place?" Harry asked, looking around the room, admiring the glossy wooden cabinets and the peculiar glowing orbs situated outside each one. Bright red, he gently tapped his finger against one of them and watched it gently bounce in place before fixing itself back in place. "It's… something to help you calm your nerves…" Hermione said, even being unsure of the words she was saying. Hermione had a plan, but the confidence to actually fulfil it was somewhat faltering. And instead of opening up she tried to blag her way through, but ultimately failed. "My nerves?" Harry asked, confused as to what she was suggesting. He was nervous, but not really enough to warrant a special outing. That combined with Hermione rather nervous look, suggested there was something else behind her frantic words. "Yeah, for the second task. And the Yule Ball. You gotta be feeling nervous, right?" Hermione said, playfully nudging Harry's shoulder, wearing an increasingly forced smile. "I guess?" Harry said, raising an eyebrow as Hermione sighed and just gave up trying to act. Huffing slightly, she blushed a darker shade of red before finally finding the words she wanted to say. "Alright… I'll level with you. I had a big fight with Ron about experimenting with sex. I was trying to act really strong and confident, but when it actually comes to the experimenting, I'm terrified of it," Hermione explained, screwing her face up as she looked nervously at Harry, watching his eyes widen as he clued slowly into her implication, growing a little hot beneath the collar. "Right? So, you want to experiment with me?" Harry asked, his heart racing at the prospect. Of course, he had fantasised about Hermione. Everyone has had those thoughts about their close friends even if it just for a brief moment. And as his life became more and more sex centric, the thoughts of indulging in such pleasurable endeavours with one his best friends became more and more plausible. The sex happy part of him was giddy with the notion that he and Hermione might be in for a quick fuck session. "No, well kind off. I figured If I could be comfortable doing… sex stuff…around you. You know around a friend, I would be comfortable with other people? Do you get me?" Hermione said, noticing Harry's face growing more and more confused as she tried to explain herself. "You want do sex stuff, but not with me, but just with me in the room?" Harry summed up, trying to figure out exactly what she meant. Nodding as Harry said this, Hermione smiled, hoping that he would be up for it. Thinking about it, Harry felt a dash of sympathy for her. The first time he and Ginny ever did stuff was so unbelievably nerve wracking. Sure, they warmed up to each other towards the end, but Hermione was of such a disposition that that was increasingly unlikely to happen. "Yeah… Well, this… this a gloryhole. So, I figured we could get naked and sit in a booth and do stuff with other people through the wall," Hermione explained, the idea clicking in Harry's head as he recognised just what her plan was. Opening one of the doors that was in the middle, sandwiched by two cubicles on either side, she pleaded with him, "I just really need to ease up and be able to get comfortable being naked with people and I thought who better to do that with than a close friend? Please can you help me? I really want to get over this before the Yule Ball…" "Sure. So," Harry began, nodding his head agreeing with her. Hermione smiled softly before returning to her nerve wracked self, realising that she had actually gotten her wish and had to go through with it now. A part of her always assumed that she wouldn't have gotten this far. "Erm… I don't know… No, I do know. We, eh… We get naked," Hermione said, feigning confidence before clenching her fists and biting the bullet. Taking the first step, she undid the front of her jeans and slowly eased them down her long creamy legs, keeping her pair of women's boxers pulled snugly around her waist, hiding the growing bulge beneath them. Glancing upwards, she saw Harry's eyes latched onto her, watching her. Part of her wanted to ask him to turn away, but she quickly realised that defeated the entire point. Pulling her jeans off, she quickly pulled her t-shirt off, leaving her in a mismatched pair of underwear, nervously realising that she had to take one of them off, with Harry in full view of her. Breathing heavily, she closed her eyes and reached behind her, unclasping her bra before latching her hands onto her breasts, holding the fabric in place. Taking a moment, she slowly dropped it, pushing her arm across her chest, hiding her tits from Harry's view as she dropped the bra onto the floor. Quickly, she ducked into the cubicle, closing the door behind her to give herself a moment to relax. Sighing, Harry rubbed his head, unsure as to whether or not he should follow. He understood where she was coming from and it was an incredibly difficult situation. However, she was one of his best friends. It was one thing to fantasise about someone in the safety of your own company, but getting naked in a Gloryhole together was another. Breathing heavily, he decided to do it for her sake. Stripping away his clothes, he left his boxers on and went to the door, slowly opening it so as to not startle her. As the door peeled away, Hermione once more clasped her hands over her breasts before breathing steadily and slowly growing the confidence to remove them. Squinting at Harry, she dropped her hands letting her soft pillowy breasts bounce free, her nipples frozen solid from nerves. Admiring them for a moment, Harry was stunned by how perfectly formed they looked. They hung deliciously well on her body. Realising that staring was probably unnerving her, Harry stepped inside the cubicle and sat down next to her, nudging her slightly before hooking his fingers into his boxers as if to suggest she should do the same. "Count of three? One, two, three…" Harry said, Hermione nodding stoically along. Hooking her fingers inside her boxers, she waited for him to say three and swiftly pulled them away from her legs, letting her cock bounce free, in full view of Harry. Doing the same, Harry sat there, their thighs touching as they both were naked, Hermione's eyes latched on the door ahead, not wanting to look down. Harry had no qualms about ogling Hermione, admiring her thick, bulbous shaft, a dribble of pre-cum rolling down her tip. "Oh, that's… That's your… your penis," Hermione said, glancing briefly downwards at his shaft before looking away, her mind enthralled with his shaft, desperately wanting to have another look. Blushing she tried to defuse the tension by saying, "It's nice… really… very… quite… nice." "Thanks…" Harry smirked, Hermione nerves rubbing of him as they sat there trying to not touch each other as they waited for someone to arrive at the Gloryhole. There was always a chance no one would come, but by luck there were a number of eager participants planning a trip to the hole. Turning to Hermione, Harry asked, "What now?" "We wait…" Hermione said nervously, not having to wait very long. The door next to Harry slid open and someone entered. Harry couldn't see very much, but a fleck of tartan passed over his vision as the person stripped naked. Unable to actually see them, Harry was instead greeted with a long, thin cock and a heavy pair of balls sliding through the hole expecting some delicious pleasure. The pair of them both looked at the cock, silently salivating at the sight of it. Instinctively wanting to lean down and swallow the shaft, Harry fought back the urge, assuming that Hermione (wanting to grow more comfortable around people) would take the lead, leaving Harry as a bystander. "Do you want to?" Harry said, gesturing towards the cock, the tip almost winking at the pair of them as pre-cum began to build on the purplish head, the occupant of the cubicle wanting some delicious relief, their balls obviously having been full for far too long. "It's on your side," Hermione said, trying to get Harry to go first so that she could grow accustomed, but not realising that she had given the wrong impression in her explanation. "I thought you wanted to… you know? Get comfortable?" Harry whispered, conscious that the person next to them might overhear them. Assuming that Hermione didn't want to go for this one, Harry wrapped his hand around the base of the mysterious person's cock, gently jerking back and forth, hearing a very feminine moan come from the other side. Peeling back her foreskin, Harry moved into suckle gently on the tip, only to have Hermione stop him. "Erm… I suppose…" Hermione said, mustering the courage and leaning over Harry, unwittingly grinding her cock across his thighs as she moved into position, her hand wrapping around the mysterious woman's cock and taking over Harry's jerking duties. Blushing heavily at the position, Hermione tried her best to not have her cock touch Harry's body, but only ended up grinding the tip of her cock against his cock, the pair of them stifling a soft moan. Turning her head away from Harry, she parted her lips and took the tip of the mysterious, rather musky, cock into her mouth, savouring the taste, running her tongue across her pre-cum coated tip. Trying his best not to touch her body, Harry lifted his hands, making special effort not to grope her body although it was incredibly tempting. Watching her delicately weave her tongue across the mysterious cock, Harry felt his cock begin to harden a little more, rising higher and higher and beginning to prod against her stomach, pre-cum starting to trace across her flesh. Biting his lip, Harry didn't want to moan, but was unable to stop himself. Softly moaning, Harry spurred Hermione on to the same, the pair of them delicately moaning as Hermione parted her lips and started to give the cock a proper blowjob. Getting a decent angle was difficult with the awkward position, but Hermione was forced to commit to it, trying to appear confident, but failing miserably. Pushing her lips down the mysterious cock, Hermione managed to get three inches into her mouth before she found herself hunched incredibly close to Harry, her arse almost in his face as she tried to suck more and more of the cock. Less concerned about delivering a decent blowjob, Hermione focussed on making sure the awkward contact between her and Harry was kept to a minimum. A soft, aged moan came from the other cubicle, spurring Hermione on. Wanting to try and get more of the cock into her mouth, Hermione pushed herself a little more forwards, unwittingly pushing herself to far. Falling forwards, Hermione collapsed onto Harry's lap, his cock sandwiched tightly between her stomach and his stomach, her arse perfectly displayed for a pert spanking. Wincing not in pain, but at the compromising position, Harry expected Hermione to leap back instantly, but she didn't. Not wanting to let Harry know he obvious mistake wasn't intentional, Hermione kept the position, her face blushing red for more than one reason. The slight stumble forwards had meant her position changed and more of the mysterious cock was pushed into her throat. Gagging slightly, Hermione felt four more inches plunge into her unwitting throat, spewing pre-cum down and along Hermione's flexing throat. Again, she feigned confidence and began to bob her head up and down those seven inches despite the immense discomfort running through her body. Plunging her lips up and down, she found herself unable to swallow any saliva, the spit collecting in her mouth and beginning to run down her chin, turning her rather dry and unimpressive blowjob into a deliciously sloppy one. Albeit clumsy and sloppy. Suddenly, the door on Hermione's side opened and as far as Harry could see someone else arrived. Before long, a second cock came in through Hermione's side, the cock a creamy white, thick and oozing pre-cum. Uncertain as to what he should do, Harry could barely reach the cock with his hand, wrapping his fingers around the base and slowly jerking the cock off. Moans came from both side of the room, as Harry shuffled slightly across, his cock and Hermione's cock grinding against one another as Harry, tried to get his mouth close enough to pleasure the new cock. Awkwardly and clumsily leaning over Hermione, their bodies getting sandwiched together tighter and tighter, Harry managed to wrap his mouth around the pre-cum soaked tip, his tongue lapping eagerly at the head, savouring the glossy liquid and swiftly swallowing it. Despite the annoying and awkward position, Harry was able to push his lips down around a third of the cock. Normally, he'd get a bit further, but the circumstances weren't conducive to such pleasures. Luckily for him, the mysterious cock that was plunged into his mouth began to gently saw back and forth, meaning that he didn't have to adjust his awkward, uncomfortable position anymore and could simply leave all the movement the delicious cock on the other side. Gently fucking Harry's throat, the person on the other-side brought themselves swiftly towards their orgasm, their cock throbbing on the edge. Slamming their hips against the wall, they began to shake the cubicle, fervently fucking Harry's throat, saliva pouring from his mouth as the cock hammered in and out, again and again, his throat starting to stretch and give away ever so slightly. Suddenly, the cock erupted in his mouth, only taking a couple minutes to bring to the edge. Unloading into his throat, he was forced to swallow several strands before the cock popped out of his mouth. He could see a hand on the other side jerking the cock quickly, sending a couple strands across his face and chest before pulling away entirely leaving the room with complete anonymity. Hermione was close behind. The cock spurted a single strand into her mouth, which she quickly dribbled down the cock before pulling away, milking the rest of the cum out and across her face and tits. Without anywhere better to let them cum, she simply turned her nose up and let them shower her in deliciously salty cum. With both cocks out of the room, Hermione pulled herself slowly backwards, sliding back into her seat comfortably, nervously looking at Harry as he reclined back into his seat. There was a moment of uncertainty, as the pair of them looked at their cum-soaked friend before bursting out and laughing hysterically at the sight. Not only that the situation. Neither of them could quite believe the insanity that lead them both to thinking this was an alright idea. "I can't believe we are doing this!" Hermione exclaimed, wiping the cum away from her lip, hysterical as she realised just how ludicrous an idea this was. Luckily for them, it was the exact thing they need to defuse the tension, warming Hermione up considerably. "Hey, it's your idea!" Harry laughed, wiping a small stand of cum away from his cheek, trying to stifle a laugh as Hermione giggled unstoppably at the sight. She couldn't quite believe Harry had such a proclivity for this. The naughty thoughts in her mind about all the things Ginny had taught him were endless, making her blush at the notion. Her friend was a bit of cock-slut… "That doesn't stop you from saying, 'Hey Hermione, this is an absolutely insane idea' or something!" Hermione laughed, collecting the cum that landed on her tits and using her boxers to wipe her hands clean of it, her chest still a little sticky, "That's what friends are for." "Really? Cause you gave me the impression friends are for sucking cock together," Harry laughed, causing Hermione to do the same, laughing uncontrollably, despite knowing that there were two people in both the cubicles beside them frantically getting dressed. They heard the doors slam shut behind them as they scurried away, causing the pair of them to laugh harder. "Thanks… Really… This is helping…" Hermione smiled, playfully nudging Harry as the pair of the smirked wildly, brimming with the urge to laugh at their insane situation. "No, thank you for… Help to steel… my untameable nerves," Harry smirked, causing Hermione to blush nervously again. Before she could say anything in response, they heard both doors on either side open, two people in black robes walking in. Before either of them could see what house they belonged to, both of the girls tossed their robes aside, revealing their curvaceous, caramel coloured figures. Completely without any hint of underwear. Smirking, Harry whispered, "Looks like we are both up…" In tandem, each cock slid through the holes, coming face to face with both Hermione and Harry. They were both identical and were a delicious chocolate colour, each with a fat purple head and a neatly shaven crotch. Each one was easily ten inches long and exceptionally thick. Glancing briefly over at Harry to spur herself on, Hermione quickly turned back to her own cock and parted her lips, taking the tip of the delicious cock into her mouth, suckling gently on the delectably bulbous tip. Harry was way ahead of Hermione, his tongue having eagerly danced across the mysterious tip, savouring the taste before taking the cock deep into his mouth. Throating half of the cock with ease, Harry couldn't help but smirk with a mouthful of cock as the person on the other side moaned loudly. There was a small pang of perverse pride inside him as his mysterious cock moaned more than Hermione's. Although he quickly chocked it up to the large amount of experience he had accumulated with Ginny and Luna. Plunging his lips up and down her shaft, Harry managed to force himself to take three quarters of the cock into his throat before he began to gag and splutter a little too much. Pulling back, he removed his lips entirely before beginning to jerk his hand speedily up and down her shaft, his other hand grasping her balls, gently squeezing them in his hand. Returning his mouth to the saliva cover cock, Harry began to deepthroat the first three quarters of her cock, steadily and rhythmically bobbing his head up and down across those delicious inches, his fingers jerking the remainder of her cock as best he could. Hearing Harry gag and splutter behind her, Hermione was spurred to speed herself up a little. Swapping her slow and dainty sucking pattern for a deep and more throaty approach, Hermione slowly pushed her lips down the shaft, her jaw stretching as she reached the halfway mark, the tip of the cock pressing uncomfortably against the back of her throat. Holding there, she tried her best to move her tongue around the shaft, but found herself gagging uncontrollably. Moving her lips back along the shaft, Hermione started to speed up, bobbing her head up and down along the portion of her cock that she could manage with ease. That didn't stop the mysterious cock from moaning loudly and gently beginning to thrust back and forth into the hole, trying to get deeper and deeper, but to no avail. Both Harry and Hermione had one thing in common with their approach. They had both dropped their hands down to their own cocks, swiftly and rapidly jerking themselves off. Their soft sucking sounds were echoed by the soft faps as they jerked themselves off. Harry plunged his lips up and down his mysterious cock, relishing the way the tip prodded against his throat, begging to get deeper, but being unable. Moaning loudly around the cock, Harry swallow the building pre-cum eagerly, the taste surprisingly delicious. Their lusty endeavours were coming to an end as both of the cocks began to tingle on the verge of their orgasm. The moans from the other side of the became more frantic as their cocks began to twitch until they both unloaded. Hermione's cock unloaded rapidly, filling her mouth without a moments notice. She couldn't pull her lips away in time meaning that her mouth was filled with delicious cum. Normally, she would spit, but in the spirit of the evening, she forced herself to do otherwise. Harry however, felt the cock about to cum and pulled back, taking several strands eagerly into his mouth, before milking the last strand out onto his lips. "Who do you reckon that was?" Hermione said, forcing herself to swallow the mouthful of cum her mysterious cock had laden her with. Turning back to Harry, she reached forwards and wiped a dribble of cum away from Harry's lips before smirking, "I think we might have been sucking the same cock…" "Wait… do you think those were the twins?" Harry said, his eyes widening as he realised that he had one final option for the Yule Ball, "Do they have dates for the Ball?" "Why, you want a round two with them?" Hermione smirked, cleaning herself up a little before being nudged playfully by Harry who was blushing at the prospect. Having lost Ginny, Cho and Katie, he kind of just wanted to have some comfort in the knowledge that he had a date. "No. But they're nice enough. It wouldn't be too bad to go to the Ball with one of them," Harry argued, thinking about the best time to ask one of them. He could probably secure the other one for Ron if he was tactical about it. However, before he could think any further, the door on Harry's side opened and someone entered the cubicle. Quickly stripping down, Harry watched as they thrust their cock through the hole, almost poking his eye out as they did so. "Fucking hell… Look at that," Harry said, gulping as he looked at the enormous length. It was simply massive. Easily fourteen or so inches long and demonstrably thick. Every ridge and vein pulsated and throbbed, with the person's balls, being equally massive, accentuated by a delicate cock ring that wrapped around the base of their shaft. Wrapping his hand around the thick cock, Harry lifted it up slightly, the weight of the shaft being immense, his breath taken away by just how big it was. "Yeah, massive…" Hermione said keeping quiet. She recognised the Ring and thus she thought she knew who was on the other side, making Harry's lusty unawares advances on the cock a little more… strange. As far as Hermione was aware, the cock that Harry was fondling belonged to Ginny and Hermione was about to watch one of her best friends fellate her ex-boyfriend's little sisters cock. And Hermione instantly knew something was wrong, because the idea of witnessing that didn't disturb her as it normally would, but excited her, her hand dropping down to her cock and steadily jerking back and forth. Moving in instinctively, Harry parted his lips, stretching his jaw to take the massive tip into his mouth, gagging almost instantly as he wrapped his lips around the tip. His lips were stretched thinly across the shaft, barely able take a small portion of the cock without spluttering and gagging loudly. Pulling back, he spat on the tip and massaged it in, coating it in saliva before trying again. With slightly more lubricant, Harry was able to work his lips over the tip and along two more inches, his throat unable to encompass anymore. His hand continued to speed along to shaft, jerking the sizable portion that he was unable to fellate with any decent ability. Bobbing his head up and down the portion of cock he could deal with, Harry spewed saliva down the entire shaft, completely unable to swallow it with any degree of competency. Lifting a second hand up to the cock, he began to use both to jerk the immense shaft, both his hands barely able to wrap around the cock. Hermione's eyes widen as she watched him gagging and spluttering. Biting her lip as she jerked herself off, she tentatively moved closer, wanting to join in and help. Not wanting to lean in with her mouth, just yet, she dropped her free hand down to the heavy pair of balls dangling down below. Pansy moaned loudly, the pleasure being immense. She hadn't had a chance to use her cock and this was incredibly satisfying. A part of her desperately wanted to get up close and personal with someone, but this would have to do. As she felt the mysterious mouth clasp around her cock, she couldn't help but moan loudly, almost giving herself away, not that anyone would recognise her because a moan. The sensation of having two hands jerking her cock was unbelievable, but as she felt a third hand drop to her balls, she realised that this might be an incredibly surprising blowjob. At least, not what she expected walking into the cubicle. Dropping onto her knees beside Harry, Hermione sat on the right side of the cock. Harry plucked his lips from the shaft and positioned himself on the left side. Without saying a word, they knew exactly what was in the other persons head. Leaning In together, they pressed their lips either side of the bulbous head, their upper lips barely grazing one another before they began to lazily drag their sloppy lips along the shaft, leaving streaks of saliva across the cock as they massaged their lips up and down the length. Kissing the shaft softly, they each raised a finger to the tip of the cock, gently rubbing on their side, eliciting pleasured moan after pleasured moan from the mysterious participant, their cock twitching uncontrollably. As Harry and Hermione came to base of the cock, the dropped down to the heavy balls, taking one in each of their mouths. Her sack was small enough that Harry and Hermione's mouth, often pressed against each other in a perverse, naughty kiss, but neither of them cared at this point. They were too engrossed in the pleasuring of this cock. Coating the entirety of the sack in saliva, Hermione pulled away and returned to the tip, parting her lips and taking three inches into her mouth, her smaller lips stretched painfully wide, but she didn't care. Pushing herself in a lustful haze, she pushed herself deeper, taking another inch and another inch until she was physically unable to take anymore. Impressed with her ability, Harry resorted to using her tongue, dragging it across her shaft and balls, his saliva lingering with Hermione's. Bobbing up and down greedily, any notion of nervousness was dissuaded from her mind as she was consumed by lust. Her hand sped up down to the mysterious pair of balls, gently beginning to massage them, relegating Harry to simply focusing on the shaft. Swallowing the same five inches, saliva pouring down her chin and onto her breasts, Hermione gently squeezed the girl's balls, unwittingly setting her off. Without any notice, she came and she came hard. Filling up Hermione's mouth instantly, Hermione was forced off, gagging for air as cum dribbled down her chin. Several long strands spurted down and across her face and tits, coating her heavily. Before Harry could escape, several strands angled themselves towards him, coating his face and chest in equal measure. When they both thought the mysterious cock was finished, it unloaded a last, surprisingly dribble of cum, landing down on Hermione's belly as she retreated, covered in cum. The cock swiftly disappeared through the hole, leaving the pair covered. "Merlin's beard…" Hermione said, looking down at her chest and seeing it coated in copious amounts of cum, the thick substance covering the majority of her soft breasts. Trying her best to clean herself up, she found her boxers were covered too much to do anything worthwhile, leaving her breasts covered in the cum. "I know…" Harry agreed, wiping his chin and using his own pair of boxers to clean himself up a little. Reaching over, he used the garment to pat down Hermione's breasts, cleaning them up a little, neither one of them really caring that Harry was practically groping her. "I think I'm done for the night," Hermione sighed, looking down at her own cock. She had no way of stimulating herself and she frankly needed the relief. The arousal had been building up for a fair while and the erotic situation had only pushed her further, "Don't know what to do with this." "Well… I could… help?" Harry says, receiving an astounded stare from Hermione as her eyes widened at the prospect of being jerked off by her best friend. Clarifying himself, Harry argued the following position, "I mean you're trying to relax around people and experiment, so what's the harm in two friends jerking each other off?" "I guess… You'd be okay with that?" Hermione asked, wanting to make sure before she let him go wild and jerk her cock off. A part of her thought he would back out, but luckily, he didn't, resulting in a pleasurable end to a deliciously delightful evening. "Yeah, it's just… two friends giving each other a hand," Harry said, smiling as she nodded. Reclining backwards, Hermione let her hands leave her crotch, giving Harry full access to her throbbing, pleasure seeking shaft. Tentatively at first, Harry reached forwards and wrapped his hand around the tip of her cock, gently starting to move his pre-cum and saliva soaked hand up and down her shaft, Hermione instantly closing her eyes and moaning loudly as he cock was plunged into heavenly pleasure. Harry watched as her face rippled with delicious moans, her pleasured face being exquisitely arousing. His other hand was wrapped around his own shaft as he steadily jerked both of them off, pre-cum dribbling and leaking down along both his hands as both cock throbbed beneath his grasp. Speeding up along Hermione's shaft, Harry began to peel back her foreskin before rubbing his finger across her pre-cum soaked tip, gently massaging it before jerking her a cock back and forth a few more times, her balls ready to explode cum across his hand at the slightest provocation. Her moans filled the room as she began to feel guilty about soaking up all the pleasure alone. Nervously dropping her hand to Harry's cock, Hermione quickly retracted her grasp when her hand grazed Harry's. Mustering enough courage, she batted away his hand and took charge, wrapping her delicate little hand around the base of his cock, jerking him back and forth, his moans echoing her own as they built up their own rhythms, steadily and pleasurably jerking each other off. Harry could get used to her incredibly soft hand teasing and playing with him and he was almost tempted to suggest making this a regular thing. However, he didn't have the courage to do so and was too engrossed in the brilliant pleasure coursing through his cock because her silky soft hand. The soft slapping sounds of their soft fapping filled the room, the pair of them revelling in just how pleasurable it was to have someone jerking you off. With all the creative pleasures Harry was indulging in with Katie and Ginny, he forgot how good it felt to simply relax and have a delicious handjob. That lustful devil inside him craved more, but at this moment he was content with the rather skilful handjob he was receiving from Hermione. He felt his cock begin to twitch in her grasp, his orgasm nearing as his balls tightened ever so slightly. The pleasure coursing through Hermione's cock was similar, her shaft throbbing simply by touching it, her tip readying to explode. Hermione struck first, her cock twitching rapidly as strand after strand of pent up cum spurted out of her cock, spraying across her belly, Harry's hand and even stretching as far as the curve of her breasts, painting her now clean tits with her own cum ever so slightly. Harry kept jerking until every strand of cum spurted from her cock before he felt his own orgasm hit him, cum spurting up onto his stomach and down onto his legs. He didn't have nearly as much as Hermione, but enough to be incredibly pleasurable. "Oh… yeah… thanks Harry…" Hermione moaned as she felt her shaft begin to soften in Harry's hand, his fingers still moving delicately up and down until she was entirely spent. Letting go, he let her cock flop against her thighs, dribbling one last strand of cum down onto her creamy flesh. "Don't mention it," Harry grunted as Hermione's silky hand milked the last few drops of cum out of his cock, her hand not leaving even after he had entirely softened beneath her grasp. Simply wanting to savour the sensation of having a cock in her hand that wasn't her own, she kept it there, gently squeezing and rubbing his soften shaft, his cock threatening to harden again under her delectable ministrations, "Feel more comfortable?" "You have no idea…" Hermione grinned, opening her eyes and casting a glance over to Harry, laughing as she did so, the pair of them slowly stumbling out of the cubicle, haphazardly dressing themselves and staggering back to the common room, completely and utterly satisfied. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that! I know that a lot of people will have wanted Harry and Hermione to properly go at it with each other, but I think you guys would agree that it would be a bit out of place for them to simply start shagging. There needs to be a slight amount of build up you know. Just like Hermione/Fleur. They will get it off together soon enough, but as Hermione says, she needs to experiment a little and grow comfortable. Now that we are into December and the run up to Christmas is in full swing, I want to mention my intentions for the Festive period. Most years, I scrabble together a bunch of chapters for a big Christmas day upload and this year will be no different. Quite a few of my stories will be receiving at least one chapter on Christmas Day and I will be announcing my plans going into the new year. I have an idea as to how I would be able to make my stories more regular which I will drifting by you on Christmas. So, if you are a fan of my other stories including this one, then you know when to expect some more. Reviews are always appreciated! They are the sole reason for keeping this story as active as it has been! Love to hear from you guys! The next chapter is Hermione enjoying her first proper threesome and experimenting a bit out of her comfort zone. And she finally manages to track down this mysterious vault… Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope you are all well. Thanks for all the feedback from the last chapter, really appreciate people liking the way I portrayed Hermione. She's one of the hardest characters to write and I find Harry/Hermione a really difficult pairing to get natural. Really glad you appreciated it! Love to read feedback and reviews about that kind of stuff. Don't really have much to say, so I won't ramble as long as I usually do. This next chapter is a fun one as Hermione finally gets to stretch her sexual legs and gets embroiled in a threesome that I am so excited to actually write! I won't spoil exactly who it is, but it is a delicious trio! Enjoy! Chapter 20: Explorative Nature The castle was quiet at night. Hermione was familiar with this fact, but it still creeped her out sufficiently. Following her 'study' session with Krum in the library, she found herself pouring over the book detailing the mysterious Aphrodomina and her illicit activities across the castle. Namely, the mysterious Vault of Aphrodomina. As per instruction of the book, Hermione was wandering the castle in search of a strange corridor, built by the aforementioned Headmistress during her time at Hogwarts, used primarily to bed suitors and select students of her choice. Exploring the castle in places that could hold his corridor, Hermione eventually found it. Tapping the wall in the prescribed fashion, Hermione ducked inside the mysterious corridor, her eyes fixated on the heavy iron door at the opposite end of the corridor. There was a series of iron bars that cordoned off a small area just outside the vault. Inching her way along the corridor, Hermione was baffled by the strange place, absolutely astounded that she, Ron and Harry hadn't found this place during their many adventures. It was bizarre. There were beds and strange cabinets tucked into the adjacent rooms and etched onto the door were various symbols, each one representing a different item, as described by the book. Hesitant at first, Hermione tentatively touched the iron bars. From what she had read in the book, Headmistress Aphrodomina was an eclectic personality. She conjured up bizarre and rather perverse ways to test students and was known to bed a different student every night. The bookish, bushy haired girl was understandably nervous approaching a vault of Aphrodomina's construction, no doubt laden with naughty sexual traps. Sucking it up, Hermione slid through the iron bars into the small area beside the vault. Approaching the heavy iron door, Hermione ran her fingers across it's surface, tracing the five symbols that represented each of the items. To her surprise one of the symbols began to glow a bright red. The notebook symbol began to glow, Hermione's eyes widening as she realised what it meant. Reaching into her back pocket, she plucked the book from her jeans, the pages glowing as she raised it against the door. Confused as to what it meant, Hermione was distracted, not realising what was happening behind her. Similarly, to when Harry was last in the corridor, a small portion of the floor, coloured with Gryffindor red, slid away, a large fifteen-inch, red marble cock rising out of the floor, hovering in the air due to some magical powers. Hermione didn't notice it until it lurched at her, pinning her against the wall, sandwiching itself between her butt cheeks, forcing her up against the iron door. Trying to dodge away, Hermione was knocked to the side, the cock lurching for her, but catching on her t-shirt, ripping it as it lifted upwards. Applying strain to her bra, it pinged that away, the underwear snapping in two as her breasts flopped free. Bolting towards the bars, Hermione wasn't quickly enough, the toy pressing itself against her arse, applying enough strain against her asshole that it burst through her jeans, the clothing falling to either side, shredded to pieces and leaving her naked, at the mercy of the marble cock. Backed up against the wall, Hermione felt the cock dip between her legs, resting snugly against her asshole. Glancing down, she watched as the cock magically lubricated itself, an enchantment making sure it was sufficiently slick. Before she had a chance to move, the cock slid upwards, peeling her ass cheeks apart and plunging deep inside her. The cock only sank eight of its fifteen inches inside of her, causing Hermione to moan softly. It was incredibly thin, meaning that it didn't cut through drastically, but the length was looming over her, each thrust threatening to truly slip deep inside her. The enchanted cock quickly found a rhythm, moving quickly and powerfully. Each upward thrust seemed to almost lift her up of the ground. Clinging to the wall, Hermione tried to keep her moans to a minimum, hoping that it would stop soon. However, as the seconds slowly ticked by, the shaft sliding up inside her, grinding against her prostate and milking pre-cum out of her own hardened cock, she slowly began to grow accustomed to the thick, marble cock plunging in and out of her. Every minute that went by, the cock added another inch, slowly but surely reaching deeper and deeper inside her. Surprisingly enough, it didn't hurt all too much, the pleasure far outweighing any discomfort. Propped up on her toes, Hermione felt like each thrust was about to lift her up into the air, but it never did. A thin layer of sweat coated her skin as she bit her lip. It was starting to make her bones ache, her body flush with pleasure, but growing uncomfortable with the awkward positioning. Moaning louder and louder, Hermione couldn't help, but drop her hand to her own cock, jerking herself back and forth, adding to the pleasure. Her thinking was that if she could cum, the cock would cease its movements. She'd get sexual relief and also be able to rest her legs a little. Suddenly, to Hermione joy, the wall at the opposite end of the corridor began to slide open, a figure walking through, shrouded by shadows. Hoping that it was someone she knew, Hermione held out hope, the cock sliding in and out of her, each upward thrust threatening to lift her off the ground with the power at which it was moving. Much to Hermione's dismay, it was definitely not someone she wanted. "Hahaha! In a bit of a pickle are we Granger?" Pansy laughed, sauntering towards the bars, a wide grin on her face. She was coming to procure some items from the BDSM cabinet and was fully expecting to be met with nothing but calm silence. Not the frustrated grunts and groans of a sweat slickened Hermione Granger, pinned against a wall by a thick slab of enchanted cock. "Fuck… Fuck… you…" Hermione grunted, her unusually crass self-emerging, watching with a silent glee as Pansy pushed through the bars to admire Hermione's discomfort up close. Watching the Gryffindor girl's arsehole stretch and flex to accommodate the thin, but lengthy cock, Pansy was completely oblivious to what was happening behind her. The Slytherin green stone slab slid away, an equally long, identical cock lifting up and out of the chamber, brightly coloured with emerald green. Mirrored with these movements, the symbol of the Ring began to glow on the vault, a bright green colour etching itself into the metal. With her back turned and no panties on, Pansy had nothing to defend herself with as the cock lunged at her, sinking itself deep into her bum. The tip of the cock slipped beneath Pansy's skirt, gently lifting it upwards before lubricating itself. Sliding forwards, the cock surprised Pansy, knocking her to her hands and knees as the tip lodged itself inside her. Gasping, Pansy couldn't cope with the cock as well as Hermione could. Experienced with Krum, she had some ability when it came to a more sizable shaft. Pansy however, only had Draco to fall back on who wasn't exactly stellar when it came to making an impact. Sure, he was big, but this was a different situation. The cock quickly found its stride, pushing deep into Pansy's rear, claiming her breath instantly as she simply tried to process the cock that was sliding deep inside her. Unlike Hermione's cock, Pansy's one was didn't stop at eight. It didn't even stop at ten. Sliding its way inside her, it stopped when Pansy's behind couldn't take any more, only two inches remaining ungraced by the Slytherin's bum. Holding itself in there, the cock didn't start to move in and out, but instead began to vibrate rapidly, shaking deep inside her and causing her whole body to spasm, her cock leaking pre-cum down and across the floor. Hermione was grunting and groaning with each thrust whilst Pansy filled the room with one long, continuous moan, her voice vibrating ever so slightly as she bit her lip, trying to comprehend the pleasure that was flooding her body. Her cock was vibrating and shaking, the ring still holding in place, occluded from Hermione's vision by her low hanging skirt. Despite the short time in which the cock had been lodged in her, Pansy was on the verge of cumming, Hermione being close behind. Her longer exposure to the marble cock was bringing her to the edge, her cock about to spurt wildly. The two girls moaned in unison as their cocks unloaded across the stone. Hermione jerked herself rapidly, somehow able to bring herself to her own release. The magic within the cock was sufficient enough to count as a different person, resulting in her hands being coated in cum, alongside the stone floor in front of her. Pansy was simply milked by the vibrator, her arse shaking as the cock ground and shook against her prostate, milking every last drop of cum from her body. It had been a few days since the pair encountered one another at the Gloryhole, neither one actual aware of that fact. Both of them had a rather pent up load to disperse. As the pair of them came, their cocks spurting wildly across the floor, softening quickly as the marble shafts milked them for all they were worth, the two girls slowly felt that sweet relief. The cocks pulled themselves out of both their arse, leaving them both slumped upon the floor, recuperating from the painful pleasure, breathing rapidly. Pansy was the first to push herself up onto her feet, running along the corridor, her heavy, thick, ring enhanced cock still hard and bouncing between her legs. With her clothes shredded, Hermione pushed herself up to her feet and eased herself through the bars, staggering as her ass began to hurt a little. Unlike Pansy, Hermione wasn't exactly proficient in the ability of taking cock in her arse and thus was taken aback by such a long, albeit thin shaft plunging in and out of her. Stumbling along the corridor, Hermione glanced up, colliding with a complete stranger, her vision clouded by a thick hazy of wispy bleach blonde hair, long and delicate. "Oh… you're Hermione Granger. Ginny told me about you," the girl said in a dreamy voice, Hermione's hands lunging to cover herself and retain her modesty. One hand latched onto her breasts, the other trying desperately to cover her softened (rapidly re-hardening) genitals. Looking into the girl's eyes, Hermione instantly recognised her as Loony Lovegood, "Do you often wander the castle naked? I wonder if I should ever give it a go, but I fear I might be too cold. I get the shivers you see. More so than most." "Erm… sorry… but my clothes were ripped and… erm… I'm sorry…" Hermione stammered, adjusting her position so that she could hide her breasts. Instinctively glancing down at Luna's crotch, she saw a rising bulge growing between her legs, causing the bookish girl to blush as she was undoubtedly the cause. "It's alright. Was it anything to do with the other girl? Is she particularly rough?" Luna asked casually, glancing behind herself, hinting towards the fact that she saw Pansy leave in a hurry. "What? Why would you ask that?" Hermione questioned, taken aback by the subtle accusation of lewd and unladylike behaviour, despite the fact that Hermione had been acting quite unladylike herself the past few days. "It's just she must have ripped your clothes off when you two were having intercourse and I thought that was because she was rough," Luna smiled, causing Hermione to blush and even deeper red, her hand temporarily leaving her cock to brush her hair out of her eyes, before quickly realising her modesty was far more important. "We didn't… we didn't have sex…" Hermione said, trying to defend herself despite just how indefensible the whole situation was. Her cock was hardening, with dribbles of cum dropping to the floor, combined with her nudity and the existence of Pansy swiftly sprinting away. It didn't exactly paint a family friendly picture. "Oh? Were you both wandering the castle naked at the same time then? Perhaps it's more popular than I imagined," Luna posited wondering if she should try it sometime and work through the shivers. She much preferred being naked. Everything was much rawer without clothing. Less to hide. "Hey Luna… Oh, Hermione? You're naked?" a voice said, the corridor opening up once again, Ginny striding in. Blushing even more, Hermione couldn't quite believe her luck as another person was allowed to bear witness to her nude form, crudely occluded by her hands. "Yeah… I… was walking naked," Hermione said, not even wanting to try and explain herself. This was just a situation that Hermione wanted out of through any means necessary. Though, I funny feeling had her presuming she was far from over with all this. "Oh, didn't know you were into that," Ginny smiled, a little confused as to what was happening, but relishing the rare and delicious sight of Hermione's nude form. Ginny slid her hand around Luna's waist, pulling their hips together as she groped the Ravenclaw's bum cheeks, "Well me and Luna have some… business to attend to." "Yes… I haven't cum in two days, so we need to have intercourse," Luna chirped innocently and without barriers, not caring that she was revealing their intimate endeavours. "Yeah, what she said. I know you aren't exactly wanting to join us," Ginny said, ignoring Luna's last words and slowly dragging her into their usual room, her hands roaming across the blonde's body, unzipping her hoodie and tossing it aside, gently rubbing and groping her friend's body. Ginny expected Hermione to leave. Hermione also expected herself to leave, but found herself standing there, presented with a choice. To leave as the old, bookish, nervous Hermione. Or stay as the new, strong, confident Hermione. "Actually… Can I join in?" Hermione asked, not quite able to believe that she was saying what she was saying. Wincing as the words left her mouth, Hermione watched as Ginny and Luna turned towards her, stopping what they were doing to acknowledge her request, with two very different reactions. Luna's eager lusty desire and Ginny's more reserved and uncertain approach. "Wait? Really? Are you sure?" Ginny asked, completely taken aback by Hermione's request. Frankly, Ginny had been surprised from the moment she saw Hermione standing there naked. The bookish and reserved girl who berated her at the Quidditch World Cup about sex had been replaced with a far more forward, albeit nervous girl. Nodding in response, Hermione watched as Luna's face lit up. "Oh, yeah! I really enjoy threesomes," Luna smiled, grabbing Hermione's shoulder and pulling her into the room. Luna's hands began to run up and down Hermione's naked body, curving around her hips as the blonde girl gently pulled Hermione's hands away from her privates, revealing her plump breasts and thick, throbbing cock, a sight that set Luna's body on fire. Gently sliding down onto her knees, Luna came face to face with Hermione's cock, ignoring the girl's tepid nerves and pulling her straight into their sexual escapades. "You sure?" Ginny asked, smiling softly as she made sure Hermione was actually alright with this. She was worried that something was up, resulting in her change in demeanour. "Yeah… I want to get out my comfort zone," Hermione smiled, still blushing, her body rigid and unmoving. Breathing in sharply, Hermione felt Luna's cold hand wrap around her cock, gently starting to jerk back and forth, massaging her heavy length. It was uncomfortable at first, but Luna quickly built a steady and pleasurable pace, eliciting a soft moan from Hermione's lips as she was enveloped into the moment. That moan was enough to convince Ginny that the bookish girl was into this, prompting the redhead to slip into a sultrier demeanour. "Well, we'll treat you right," Ginny smirked suggestively before wrapping one of her hands around Hermione's neck and angling her face towards her. Leaning forwards, Ginny pressed her lips against Hermione's pushing her tongue deep into the bushy-haired girl's mouth, exploring her delicious lips. Ginny had often fantasised about Hermione. Seeing her naked, kissing her, fucking her. And now, much to her delight, those fantasies were swiftly becoming a reality. Lifting her other hand, Ginny gently took Hermione's breast into her hand, softly squeezing the soft handful, eliciting muffled moans from Hermione's lips as she reciprocated the passionate kiss. Gasping into Ginny's mouth, Hermione felt Luna's lips press softly against the tip of her cock, her tongue flicking out across the head, collecting the delicious pre-cum that coated her glossy, purplish tip. Trying to pull away from Ginny's lips to moan, Hermione felt herself get held in place by the younger girl, forcing her to moan lustily into her mouth, causing Ginny to grin wildly, darting her tongue back and forth across her mouth. Kissing Hermione's cock once more, Luna parted her lips and took her head into her mouth, hollowing her cheeks and gently suckling on her bulbous head, her hand jerking back and forth across her shaft, using her pre-cum as lubrication. Moaning deeper into Ginny's mouth, Hermione felt her eyes roll closed as Luna slowly slid her lips along her shaft, effortlessly plunging Hermione's cock deep into her throat. Moaning continuously, Hermione couldn't stop herself, the pleasure of having her cock enveloped by a skilful, tight, wet throat was too much. Forcing more and more of the bushy-haired girls cock into her mouth, Luna finally reached the bottom, effortlessly deepthroating all of delicious pre-cum coated inches. Salivating because of the taste, Luna dribbled the saliva down onto her hand, using the slick substance to coat Hermione's balls, gently massaging them until they were delightfully slick. With her lips wrapped snugly around the base of her shaft and her nose nestled in Hermione's pubic hair, Luna slowly began to bob her head up and down her shaft, moving every inch in and out with each downward pleasurable plunge. Pulling herself away from Hermione's lips, Ginny glanced down at Luna, resting her hand on the blonde girl's head, gently pushing her deeper and deeper, the young girl not even stopping to gag, taking every inch in her stride. Ginny's other hand was massaging Hermione's breast, gently rolling the girl's nipples in between her thumb and forefinger, bringing small morsels of pleasure to Hermione's body. Deciding to take it up a notch, Ginny leant down to Hermione's neck, planting a soft, delicate kiss on her flesh, trailing her lips slowly downwards until she came to the deep, alluring crevice that was her cleavage. Choosing the breast closest to her to start with, Ginny planted soft kisses across the entire mound of flesh, slowly circling around her nipple, inching closer and closer with each kiss. As she hovered above the sensitive teat, Ginny protruded her tongue, flicking it across the girl's nub, causing her to audibly moan. Circling her nipple with the tip of her tongue, she traced it with saliva before parting her lips and taking the nipple into her mouth, gently suckling on it as her hand moved to massage the other breast. Luna kept hard at work, bobbing her lips up and down, easily deepthroating her entire shaft with little effort. Plucking her lips away from Hermione's cock for a brief moment, she slid her tongue slowly down the girl's shaft until she reached her balls, taking one of them quickly into her mouth, suckling and licking it, making sure she treated each one the same. Dragging her lips back up and along her shaft, Luna parted her lips, swallowing Hermione's cock once again, returning to her usual, steady rhythm of slurping, sloppy deepthroating. Flicking Hermione's nipple back and forth with her tongue, Ginny began to gently suckle on the sensitive nubs, rolling the around in her mouth and rendering each one slightly redder. Nibbling softly on the tiny teats, she gently bit down on them enough to elicit a groan of pain before that pain dissipated into sweet, sumptuous pleasure. Switching over to the other side, she afforded the nipple the same treatment, her fingers using the slick saliva lubrication to apply more and more pleasure until Hermione suddenly lurched away, stammering. "Wait! Can we… can you guys… like, you know? Do your thing and then I'll… I'll join in?" Hermione said, her anxiety getting the better of her. It was a snap occurrence as she suddenly panicked, pulling away from the two girls and smiling awkwardly. Her cock slid out of Luna's throat, leaving a strand of saliva dribbling down her chin, the linger delicious taste of her cock on her tongue. Confused, Luna looked up at her questionably, unhappy that she was robbed of such a delicious treat. Ginny was more understanding, lifting Luna to her feet and smiling. "Take your time," Ginny smiled, reassuring Hermione as the two younger girls wrapped their arms around one another. Ginny's hands grabbed Luna's hips, the pair of them grinding and gyrating the crotches together, their cocks hardening and pressing against one another, begging for release from their denim prisons. Moaning softly, the pair leant it together, kissing one another as they gently shook their pert bum cheeks, putting on a delectable show of Hermione, warming her up to the idea of a threesome. Biting her lip, Hermione couldn't help it. Her anxiety was slowly being dissuaded, replaced with a tiny fleck of confidence, her hand dropping to her cock and gently jerking it back and forth, a movement that Ginny noticed, prompting her to purr, "And enjoy the show…" Softly kissing each other, Luna and Ginny let their hands roam across each other's bodies, gently squeezing and groping each other as they ground their bodies into each other. Ginny's hands reached in between them both, hooking beneath Luna's jumper and slowly pulling it up over her head, grinning as she revealed the young girl's bright pink bra, decorated with sequins, shining and shimmering. Groping her breasts through the underwear, she quickly unclipped it before dropping it to the side, her hands mashing the blonde's small, pert breasts as Luna quickly returned the favour, discarding Ginny's t-shirt, revealing her breasts unhampered by her lack of bra, a subtle and incredibly sensual detail that made Hermione moan softly to herself. Sliding down onto her knees, Luna decided she need to satiate her desire for cock, the hungering in her belly not completely removed by her brief deepthroating of Hermione's delicious shaft. Running her hands along Ginny's stomach, she hooked her fingers into the redhead's jeans, quickly unbuttoning them and peeling the fabric away from her plump bum cheeks, leaving the girl standing in a simple pair of white panties. Hermione couldn't stifle the moan that came to her lips, receiving a sly smirk from Ginny. The simplicity of a standard pair of white panties was so arousing to Hermione. Sure, the intricacy of black lace or satin was incredibly sexy, but Hermione adored the plainest choice of underwear finding it even more arousing. Quickly dropping her panties, Luna was faced with Ginny's thick bulbous cock, an eager grin etching itself on the blonde's horny, cock hungry face. Wrapping her hand around the base of her cock, Luna spared no time enveloping her friend's tip in her mouth, tightening her lips snugly around her cock and savouring the taste of pre-cum on her tongue once more. Swiftly, she plunged her throat down on Ginny's cock, the familiar sensation of having her throat filled with her best friend's cock making her own shaft tingle pleasurably, straining against the fabric of her jeans, begging to be released and jerked steadily. Before Luna could even draw her lips back, Ginny's hands found their way to her head, holding her in place, savouring the deep tightness of Luna's throat. There were small moments when she fucked Luna that made her pause and just relish in the situation and how delectable Luna could be. Moaning loudly, Ginny slowly drew her hips backwards before thrusting back into Luna's mouth, her balls crashing against her chin, smacking loudly as saliva dribbled down from her lips. Moaning as her throat was commandeered as a toy, Luna reached around to Ginny's arse, planting her hands firmly on her friend's soft cheeks, pulling and squeezing the soft handfuls of flesh. Building up a rhythm, Ginny wasted no time hitting her stride. Thrusting back and forth, she filled the room deep slurping gulps as her cock forced its way in and out of Luna's throat, becoming slicker and slicker with each thrust, coated in thicker and thicker layers of the young girl's spittle, droplets dripping down onto her breasts. Hermione was well into jerking off, savouring the sight before her and sheer sexuality emanating from the two gorgeous third years. They were rough, yet elegant, their bodies oozing sexiness as they collided together, Luna's lips bulging and stretching around Ginny's fat cock, gagging and spluttering all whilst wearing a horny, lustful grin. Finally, Ginny pulled her cock out of her mouth, sliding her tip across Luna's lips before pulling her up onto her feet. Taking Luna by the hands, Ginny guided her towards the bed, getting her on her hands and knees before crouching down behind the blonde girl's tight arse. Hermione was stood behind Ginny, receiving a delectable view of her pert bum cheeks, peeling apart to revealing her tight, winking hole. Unbuttoning Luna's jeans, Ginny slid them slowly over her tiny ass, peeling down her panties alongside them. Planting her lips on Luna's cheeks, Ginny danced between the two handfuls, pressing soft kisses on each of her cheeks, before spreading them wide and giving the girl one last kiss directly on her asshole. Moaning softly, Luna buried her head in the pillow as Ginny spread her cheeks wider and wider, allowing her tongue access to the Ravenclaw's depths. Darting her tongue back and forth across the girl's asshole, Ginny teased her, taunted her with her tongue, pushing softly against her hole until she almost slipped inside before pulling away. Toying with her one last time, Ginny smirked, watching as Luna pushed her arse back onto Ginny's tongue, lodging the wriggling muscle deep into her asshole and giving Luna a sweet burst of pleasure. Moaning loudly in response, Luna reached behind her, wrapping her hand around Ginny's head and forcing her deeper and deeper into her hole. Ginny didn't care, welcoming the applied pressure, pushing her tongue forwards as far as her body would allow, savouring eh delicious taste of her best friend's arsehole. Making sure she explored every inch of her asshole, Ginny used the tips of her thumbs to spread the girl's hole a little wider, debating whether or not she should surprise Luna with a finger. Pulling her tongue backwards, Ginny brought a finger to her lips, coating it with saliva before resting it against Luna's tight constricted hole. With one swift movement, Ginny slipped her tongue back into her ass alongside her longest finger, eliciting a deep pleasurable moan from Luna as she let go of Ginny's head, simply enjoying the sensations flooding her body. Watching from the side lines, Hermione felt herself slowly get back in the mood. The sight of Ginny hunched over devouring Luna's ass made her moan softly to herself, her hand darting back and forwards across her cock. Mustering her courage, Hermione took the plunge. Clambering slowly onto the bed, she knelt behind Ginny's bum and planted her hands on her cheeks, spreading the girl's bum apart, revealing her tight little hole. Her cock was already slick from Luna's previous attention, allowing her to press the tip of her shaft against Ginny's hole. It didn't take much to enter Ginny, her hole being quite experienced at this point, meaning that Hermione's tip slipped inside with ease, the pair of them moaning in unison as pleasure swept across their bodies. "Don't let up, baby…" Ginny moaned, not quite able to believe that Hermione had her cock lodged inside her arse. Moaning loudly, Ginny turned back towards Luna's arse, plunging her tongue back inside her, wriggling the muscle back into place, her hands reaching underneath to Luna's cock, gently jerking her back and forth, milking her cock for pleasure. Hermione was spurred on by that and slowly began to push forwards, each inch of her cock spreading Ginny's ass wider and wider. Ginny wasn't nearly as tight as Fleur or Ron, but it still made Hermione moan loudly. The erotic nature of the situation amplified each morsel of pleasure that was coursing through her body. The fact that it was Ginny who was eagerly accepting her cock whilst in turn devouring a hot young blonde's asshole was enough to make Hermione weak at the knees. Slowly pushing forwards, Hermione sank inch after inch of her cock into Ginny's incredibly welcoming arse. Her hole seemed to just peel away, eagerly and easily taking even the thickest parts of her cock, all in her stride, moaning lustily with each subtle movement. It took a minute or two for her to bury the entirety of her length inside Ginny, Hermione being a little hesitant to simply slam the entirety of her cock into her. But as her cock slipped all the way inside, her balls slapping gently against Ginny's, Ginny's soft bum pressing tightly against Hermione's bushy pubic hair, Hermione groaned, dispelling all discomfort she had and replacing it with a horny desire to fuck. Spurred on by Ginny's last few words, Hermione pulled her hips slowly backwards, loving the way Ginny's ass seemed to cling to her cock, clutching her shaft and almost pulling her back in, unwilling to relinquish the pleasure. Sliding backwards until only the tip of her cock remained inside, Hermione eased herself back in. Quicker than her first stroke, but hardly swiftly, Hermione built up a slow, deep and pleasurable thrust, Ginny's arse massaging the most sensitive portions of her cock, tightening and spasming softly around her shaft, adding to the levels of pleasure, surging through Hermione's body. Hermione's fat cock head continuously ground against Ginny's sensitive prostate, milking more and more pleasure out of her young nubile body. The tip of her cock grazed against the sheets below her, adding the pleasure. Sliding in and out, Hermione moaned loudly, pulling Ginny's hips backwards on each of her thrusts, her tip pushing deeper and deeper into the younger girl, the loud smacks of her crotch hitting her bum echoing through the room, echoed by Hermione and Luna's moans of pleasure. Each thrust forced Ginny's tongue into Luna's arse hole, pushing it deeper and deeper. Feeling herself on the verge of orgasm, Hermione knew she wanted to last as long as possible, savouring every delicious experience on offer from the two naked girls before her. Pulling her cock out of Ginny's arse, Hermione crawled around to where Ginny's tongue was plunged deep into Luna's arse, her own lips gently kissing the Ravenclaw's pale, firm, pert arse cheeks. Seeing Hermione, Ginny pulled away from her hole, instead capturing Hermione's lips in a deep and passionate kiss, the pair moaning into on another's mouths. Sharing the delicious taste of Luna's bum with Hermione, the pair slowly rose up onto the knees, kissing each other deeply, their hands roaming across one another's bodies, squeezing and softly massaging each other's delicate, sensitive areas. Luna was quick to join them, the pair in a circle, their hands roaming each other's bodies. Parting her kiss with Hermione, Ginny turned to Luna, leaning in and kissing her, their tongues more experienced, battling each other as they shared the taste of each other. Hermione took the initiative and dropped her hands down to the girl's shafts, slowly jerking them off with each of her hands, their pair beginning to moan into one another's mouths, their own hands dropping down between their legs. Ginny took a hold of Hermione and Luna's cock, two hands sandwiched around the blonde's cock, working in tandem with each other to apply delicious levels of pleasure. Luna did the same, all three girls enjoy the pleasure of having two hands different people's hands working up and down their shafts. Parting their lips, Ginny and Luna shared a horny grin before Luna turned to Hermione, leaning and pressing her lips against hers. The pair melted into each other's mouths, not even thinking about the fact they hadn't talked to each other prior to today. Moaning into each other's mouths, the continued to steadily jerk each other off, their movements becoming rhythmic and steady. Pushing her tongue into Luna's mouth, Hermione explored every inch she could find, her eyes rolling closed and moans dripping from her mouth. Ginny looked on with an eager grin, watching her two friends passionately making out. And Ginny loved it. As those two slowly began to break apart their kiss, Ginny had an idea. Sliding down onto her side, she pulled Hermione's hand away from Luna's shaft, before angling the blonde's cock towards her own mouth. Opening her lips, Ginny swallowed four inches of Luna's shaft with ease, watching the young blonde's mouth fall open in pleasure. Locking eyes with Hermione, Ginny glanced down at her own cock, hinting at her intentions. A little confused, Hermione followed suit, laying down on her side, her mouth right in front of Ginny's cock. Gently stroking her shaft, Hermione understood Ginny's intentions watching her smile seductively around Luna's cock, giving the bushy-haired girl a sly wink before taking more of Luna's shaft into her mouth. Seeing the other two in such a bizarre position, Luna understood immediately, laying down on her side and swallowing the entirety of Hermione's cock in one gulp, completely the triangular blowjob position, all of the girls giving and receiving, moaning around each other's cocks and spurring them onto moan louder and louder. Ginny took around three quarters of Luna's cock, bobbing her head up and down, her hand jerking and massaging Luna's balls as best she could. The position was pleasurable, but wasn't ideal for sucking cock. But that didn't matter to anyone, as pleasure coursing their bodies, each one feeling their orgasm building within themselves. Hermione took as much of Ginny's cock into her mouth as possible, spurred on by the adept ability the other two girls possessed when it came to sucking cock. Relatively new to the realm of sucking cock, Hermione only managed four inches of Ginny's cock, making up for it with swift, powerful jerking, milking more and more pre-cum out of the redhead's tip and onto her tongue. All three moaned, sending continuous vibrations along each other's cocks, Hermione gagging slightly as she attempted to push Ginny's shaft deeper into her throat, her mouth unwilling, clamping down and forcing her to splutter slightly. Each of their orgasms was looming ever closer and closer, each one preparing to unload down each other's throats. Ginny had different plans however. Plucking her lips away from Luna's cock, Ginny rolled over, forcing Hermione onto her back and pinning the girl to the bed. Already sat astride Hermione's face, she winked sexily at the bushy-haired girl, her cock popping out of the older girl's mouth. Adjusting her position slightly, Ginny sank her hips downwards pushing her asshole down onto Hermione's mouth, firmly pressing her lips against her bum, waiting for her to use her tongue. Startled by the sudden change in position, Hermione had no choice but to push her tongue into Ginny's hole, her first ever Rimjob turning out to be surprisingly pleasurable and even enjoyable. Unable to reach her cock to jerk herself off, Hermione reached around to Ginny's shaft, gently beginning to jerk her off, consumed by the eroticism of the current situation, her nervous disposition melting away entirely, replaced with a horny, sex hungry slut. Much to Hermione's surprise, she felt Luna move between her legs, lifting them upwards to reveal Hermione's tight flexing arsehole. Her eyes widened as she realised what was coming. Any sound she made was muffled by Ginny's arse, but Hermione didn't care. She came here to explore and explore she would. Luna pressed the tip of her cock against Hermione's arse, her fat tip bigger than Krum's. Wincing slightly as her hole peeled apart, Hermione gasped into Ginny's ass as Luna pushed herself inside, lodging several inches of her delectable, saliva coated cock into Hermione's bum. Expecting to scream, Hermione was surprised as her eyes rolled closed and a long deep, throaty groan left her lips, the vibrations travelling through her tongue and up into Ginny's ass, subsequently causing her to moan loudly. With everyone close to cumming, Luna wanted to savour the tightness of Hermione's arse. Pushing forwards, she grabbed Hermione's hips to anchor herself. Slowly, but surely, Luna managed to weave her cock deeper into the older girl's bum, savouring the unbelievable tightness of her hole. It had been a fair while since she had experienced a proper tight asshole with Ginny having been loosened after increased fucking. The Ring was the closest experience to incredible tightness. It took a few minutes, but Luna finally managed to lodge the entirety of her shaft into Hermione's bum, the tight warmth, being incomparable to anything. However, much to both Hermione and Luna's dismay, they were about to cum. Pulling her cock out of Hermione's ass, Luna fell backwards, reclining against the backboard of the bed. Ginny was quick to follow, laying beside Luna and jerking herself off. Hermione laid on the other side of Ginny, her hand speeding along her own shaft. The trio shared a brief look before dropping their own cocks and moving to each other's. Hermione and Luna's hands wrapped around Ginny's as Ginny started to jerk the two other ladies off. Moaning in unison all three of them, felt their cocks explode, erupting cum across each other. Strand after strand of cum spurted into the air, landing on their bellies, stretching enough to land on their tits, their hands continuously speeding up and down, milking each other for all they were worth, moaning and groaning as they came hard. As their cocks began to soften, all three of them fell silent, the room filled with only their laboured breaths as they spent a few minutes recovering, barely able to speak as they rode down their incredible orgasms. "That get comfortable enough?" Ginny asked, rolling onto her side and hooking her leg inside Hermione's trailing her fingers up and down Hermione's stomach, teasing her as her cock softened slowly. Luna was still turned on though, turning towards Ginny and starting to grind her softened cock against the redhead's ass, her cock beginning to harden with each grinding thrust. "Yeah… Really comfortable," Hermione smirked, feeling good that she managed to overcome that part of herself. Harry certainly helped, but he was a really close friend. But now, it was like Hermione was a changed woman. And it made her smile. "Good… Cause it's early in the night. And tomorrow is the weekend. So, we've got plenty more time to get… acquainted," Ginny purred, leaning forwards and wrapping her lips around Hermione's nipple, suckling gently on the sensitive nub, moaning between impassioned breaths, "And I still have a long-standing fantasy to fulfil. Having you bent over and fucking your arse." "You fantasise about that?" Hermione asked, watching as Luna reached down between her legs, grabbed her cock and pressed it snugly against Ginny's backdoor, sliding the tip gently inside before plunging the entire length of her cock into Ginny's eager and greedy arse. "Yeah. Did fucking me not fulfil a fantasy of yours?" Ginny groaned, looking expectantly at Hermione, who blushed wildly and kept silent. Of course, she fantasised about Ginny. Who wouldn't. A gorgeous, busty redhead? Everyone at Hogwarts had had those thoughts. And Hermione would be lying if she said she hadn't pictured just what sex would be like between the pair. But with the night barely having begun, it seemed that she wouldn't have to fantasise ever again. Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that! I had a lot of fun doing that trio at the end. It was very enjoyable to write it and I had a lot of fun coming up with different positions to keep it all interesting. It's a little difficult to come up with unique threesome positions for a group of shemales without putting them in absolutely ludicrous positions that don't really make sense. Reviews are always appreciated and help keep stories like this alive. It can really spur me on a lot when I get a bunch of reviews, good or bad. It's just nice to get feedback. I put a lot of effort into these chapters and it's nice when people let me know what they think! But that's enough of me begging for reviews! As for the next chapter, it's a good one. The Suggestibility Potion lands Cho in some trouble and leaves her at the mercy of another trio. Ready for our first foursome? The next chapter is also the last chapter before the Yule Ball and our Christmas big upload. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope you are all well. Another week, another chapter and this one should be fun to say the least. It features the glorious return of our favourite Quidditch Trio and a brand-new partner for them to sink their teeth into. Amongst other things. It also brings them a little cathartic joy having one of their rivals on their knees to please. As always, a review is very much appreciated. I do try to reply to some, but it can be a little difficult to squeeze in time to properly sit down and reply. I do read them all and in all honesty, they are the only thing that has kept this story on a weekly update schedule for so long. So, anything you have to say, feel free. It does do a lot in the way of keeping the story alive. But apart from that, enjoy! Chapter 21: Tricked for the Trio Morning hit Hogwarts yet again, the snow draped grounds glistening as the sun inched over the moors, casting its warm orange glow across the many towers and courtyards of the castle. Stirring from her slumber, Cho rolled over her cock sliding out of Cedric's tight bum as he continued sleeping. Dressing herself, she took her schoolbag, leaving the bottle of Firewhisky stored in her trunk, not wanting to risk smashing it in the boisterous corridors of the school. Walking down to the Great Hall for breakfast, she found it packed, a single space available beside one of friends. Taking the seat, she politely smiled and greeted her group before helping herself to food, finding a goblet of pumpkin juice pre-poured for her. Shrugging it off as her friends simply preparing for her arrival, she guzzled it down in one, her throat dry after a long and lusty night with Cedric. As it hit her tongue, she winced, the taste peculiar and strangely bitter. Setting cup aside, she poured herself another glass and sipped at it, finding it far more palpable, sweeter and a lot more refreshing, the bizarre taste in her mouth disappearing. Finishing breakfast, her friends left for their classes, Cho taking a different course from them and not accompanying them, instead finishing her bacon before standing up and leaving the Great Hall, a smile and spring in her step. Rounding the corner on her way to Charms class, she was met with two faces. The Twins, sat on the steps leading up to the Grand Staircase, the pair of them reading over a book, both of them relishing each word and eagerly pointing out different pages. They were up to something. Shaking her head, she dissuaded such thoughts. The Twins were always up to something, but that didn't mean there was any cause for concern. "Boys…" She smiled, turning their attention towards her as she strode slowly past, her arse shaking delicately beneath her robes, flaunting what the twins had so desperately tried to claim, but failed miserably. Snapping the book shut, they rose to their feet, allowing her to walk past, but before she could get very far, the called out to her turning her head back towards them, their faces plastered with mischievous smiles. "You know, you should go to the Prefects Bathroom. If you get a chance," Fred called out, smiling ear to ear as Cho looked back at them a look of confusion stretched across her face. Shaking her head, she turned and started to walk away, that thought lingering in her mind as she rounded the corner. "Just a suggestion…" George smiled to himself, turning to Fred as soon as she was out of ear shot, his conscience flaring up again as he bit his lip. Unsure of what they were doing he asked, his brother shooting him a strange look, "Are we doing the right thing?" "It was your idea?" Fred asked, reaching into his bag and withdrawing a second Firewhisky bottle and handing it to his brother, explaining his plan exactly and diverting blame, "You said, we needed to make sure she didn't come back to her Common Room to get the bottle?" "Yeah, but you said we should brew a second bottle. We've just brewed another one to get back the first one. Seems a little careless," George argues, their logic remarkably risky considering how easily they lost the first bottle and the dire straits they were having to resort to to reclaim it. "So? We can have one each," Fred smirked clapping his brother on the back as they sprinted of towards the Ravenclaw common room, a smirk on his face as he said, "Besides, she can only do what she wants to. It's not like we're forcing her to do anything, just… mildly encouraging? Cho walked swiftly through the castle, her feet carrying her without much thought. Her mind was focussed on the twins. What did they mean by it? Should she go to the Prefect's Bathroom? Cedric had given her the passwords earlier that year, but what did she hope to find. Brushing it aside, her mind set itself on going to Charm's class, but as she looked up, she found herself outside the bathroom. Her body carrying her there without her even thinking. A part of her wanted to turn and just go to class, but she figured that see as she was here, she may as well check it out. Would be a waste of time if she just left, right? Murmuring the password, she entered the room, inching around the corner, the room filled with voices, echoing. Cho could hear three people at least. All women and all a little annoyed. One of them was pacing back and forth, but it wasn't until she peered around the corner that she saw who it was. The Gryffindor Quidditch Chasers were all standing there, Katie striding back and forwards, murmuring fervently, "Why are we here?" "Fred and George said they wanted to surprise us?" Alicia interjected, growing impatient and checking her watch before sliding down onto the stone steps that led up to the massive swimming pool sized bath in the centre of the room. Burying her head in her hands, she sighed. "They said something about a shag? Someone special was coming? At least that was what I gathered…" Angelina said, recounting what George had told her the night before. Ever since their encounter earlier that year, they were spending more and more time together, getting more and more intimate as time went on. They spent the previous night in the common room, not fucking, but just together. Smiling fondly, Angelina's gaze was turned towards the door where Cho Chang of all people was standing, staring at her emptily, "You? What are you doing here?" "Fred and George said I should come here," Cho answered truthfully, suddenly stopping as she realised that she didn't actually choose to say that. It was like her body acted impulsively, disregarding anything she actually thought. Looking at the trio, she gulped as the three of them slowly advanced. "You're the surprise?" Katie asked, as the three of them folded their arms, judging Cho heavily as she stood their uncertain of herself, "Our mystery shag?" Cho's eyes widened at the idea, but she felt her initial reaction melt away, her inhibitions taking over as she felt her mind shift away from her. There was a small part of her that thought the idea was hot and exciting. Normally, she would cast that part of her aside, ignoring it like the plague, but in her current state of Suggestibility, she found that idea growing louder and louder consuming hr thoughts and everything in her mind until it was the only foreseeable option that she could take. "You bet, baby…" Cho purred, her inhibitions no longer restricting her thought process, lust taking over in it's entirety. Dropping her bag to the ground, Cho pulled her robes up over her head, revealing her naked body, the only garments remaining on her body being a pair of black lacy panties and a matching bra. Standing in front of the chasers, she cocked her hips, inviting all three of them to have their way with her. Startled, the Chasers glanced at one another, silently agreeing and moving forwards, taking the opportunity and running with it. Circling around Cho, all three of them eyed up the Asian girl, biting their lips as they surveyed her delicious body from all angles. Stopping briefly, the Chasers pulled their own robes up over their head, none of them wearing any bras, a choice that they opted for regularly when wearing robes. All they were wore tight fighting panties, plain white or entirely unremarkable. None of them expected they would be entertaining Ravenclaw's harlot. Cho's eyes widened as she saw their bulges pressing against their panties, Angelina and Alicia's affording her the most concern. Yet as she looked down at their sizable bulges, Angelina's seemed to taunt her, beckoning her closer and despite her best efforts, her cock twitched noticeably in her panties, causing the chasers to smirk at one another. Their hands quickly latched onto Cho's body, Angelina squeezing the girl's breasts through her bra whilst the other two attacked her lower regions. Katie's hand firmly squeezed the rising bulge growing in Cho's lacy panties whilst Alicia's hand pried and pulled at her cheeks, pulling her panties sharply up her bum, framing her cheeks with the thin fabric of the lace. Glancing at one another, Angelina stood in front of the girl her thumb reaching up to her lip seductively whilst the other two walked behind her. Katie's hands went to her panties wrenching them down and inadvertently ripping them in two, the two shards of fabric falling away to reveal her cock and arse, her cheeks getting playfully slapped by Katie. Alicia was more sensual, nibbling at Cho's neck whilst she unclipped the girl's bra dropping the garment and leaving the Asian girl entirely naked at the mercy of the three women. "Are you sure?" Angelina purred, wanting to make sure before the three of them took control of the situation and dominated the young Asian girl for all intents and purposes. Reaching forwards, Angelina grabbed Cho's small breasts, gently squeezing them in her palm, relishing the firmness and the surprising fullness of each one. Taking her nipples in between her fingers, she gently began to twist the, slowly applying more and more pressure, slowly making the young girl wince, her face doing it's best to stay confident. "Yeah…" Cho grunted, doing her best to look confident as Angelina stared her down, the two other girls circling around her like sharks, slowing down to a halt. Standing slightly behind her and out of her line of sight, the two-other girls admired the Asian woman's arse, her pert bum cheeks begging for a hard spank. "Good…" Angelina purred, pushing Cho down onto her knees, coming face to face with the thick cock that was pushing against the black girl's thin white panties, the monster of a cock begging to be released. Gently caressing Cho's face, Angelina fantasised about all the things she was going to do to her to wipe that pretty little smile of her face. All three of them bore some resentment for the Ravenclaw seeker. She had been their undoing during several Quidditch matches. And whilst all three girls were eager to get their rocks off, they were all silently relishing their chance to make Cho pay for their defeats. In unison all three girls hooked their fingers inside their panties and dropped them to the ground, their cocks springing free, dribbling pre-cum from their bulbous tips, their hands instantly dropping to their shafts and lazily jerking them back and forth. Cho's eyes danced from cock to cock, surprised with all of them. Katie's whilst not tiny was smaller than the other two, which wasn't a brilliant statement considering that the other two shafts were monstrously big. Laying eyes on Alicia's cock first, Cho gulped, but slowly turned her head to face Angelina, her eyes widening as she was face to face with a mammoth thick and demonstrably long shaft, the tip throbbing and pulsating as she inched it closer and closer to Cho's lips. Wrapping a hand around Cho's head, she pulled the Asian girl's lips towards her shaft, pressing the bulbous tip of her cock snugly against her closed pert lips. Glaring at her as if she was silently ordering the girl to part her lips, Angelina grinned as she dutifully spread her lips and allowed Angelina to slowly slide her cock forwards, her lips parting wider and wider, her jaw starting to ache as soon as she slid forwards. She didn't even have the whole tip of her cock inside her mouth when her jaw started to hurt, but swiftly enough her lips enveloped the massive cockhead, wrapping tightly around the flesh as her did her best to adjust to the thick length, her hands standing idly at her side, the loud, audible groans of sumptuous pleasure dribbling from Angelina's lips filling the room. Sliding her second hand around Cho's head, Angelina began to apply a soft amount of pressure, gently coaxing the young Asian girl to take more of the thick shaft. A second inch slipped inside her rather inexperienced mouth, the tip probing deeper and deeper as her tongue was pinned in place, unable to move as saliva pooled in her mouth. Inching slowly forwards, Angelina squirmed a third inch into her mouth, the tip of her cock prodding against the back of Cho's throat begging for access to her tight, clenching and spasming depths. As the tip brushed against her throat, she started to gag, spluttering saliva along the thick black shaft, dribbles of spittle running down her chin as she tried desperately to adjust to the thick length trying so desperately to invade the depths of her pleasurable tight and sumptuously warm throat, the two other girls watching with eager eyes. Holding her cock in place, Angelina waited for Cho's mouth to fill with spit, saliva starting to pour down her chin and onto her supple teenage breasts, the Asian girl not wanting to swallow and allow the thick black cock access to her throat. As much as she wanted to please Angelina, she knew that as soon as she swallowed, that cock would plunder every morsel of pleasure it could from her throat with little regard for Cho herself. Moaning unconsciously around her shaft, Cho had no choice, trying her best to swallow a small amount, but unwittingly swallowing it all, Angelina's cock slipping forwards, the tip sinking several inches into her tight throat, Cho's hands lunging at Angelina's thighs, trying to push her away and save her throat. Katie and Alicia both took one of Cho's hands and peeled them away from Angelina's thighs and wrapped her dainty fingers around their own shafts, starting her off on steadily jerking them off. Running her hands up and down their cocks, Cho used it as something to distract herself from the thick invader that now had full access to her throat and was quietly savouring the first two inches of her tight, spasming, gagging throat. Coating her hands in each of the girl's pre-cum, she maintained a steady rhythm, jerking Katie quicker than Alicia due to their different sizes, but doing her best to make sure both of them were moaning loudly. With the tip of her cock inside Cho's throat, Angelina savoured the new pleasures, the young girl's throat relatively untouched. Being so used to only sucking of Cedric and doing so in a rather tame fashion, having Angelina plunge her cock deep into her throat in such a hardcore fashion was entirely new to her, the Asian girl having to do her best to keep her throat from tearing itself apart. Applying more pressure to Cho's throat, Angelina slid her cock deeper and deeper, the tip of her shaft carving through her throat with ease. Cho's eyes were wide open, watching the black girl's shaven crotch push nearer and nearer to her with her being able to do very little to stop it. It took a few moments, but soon her lips were pressed snugly against the girl's crotch, Angelina's heavy balls smacking against her chin as she relished the entirety of Cho's sumptuous throat. Moaning loudly, Angelina began to thrust gently into Cho's throat, moving a couple inches back and forth, savouring the wet slapping and slurping sounds that were filling the room, saliva dribbling steadily down Cho's chin and onto Angelina's balls. Thrusting harder and faster, Angelina quickly tired, knowing that her friends also wanted to savour the warmth of the young girl's mouth. With a few finishing thrusts, Angelina slowly pulled her cock out of Cho's mouth watching as she gasped and breathed rapidly, coughing and spluttering as she was finally allowed to breathe. Looking up at Angelina expectantly, Cho waited to be told what to do like a dutiful whore. "Oh… what are you looking at? I don't want you to have your mouth empty. Suck them off," Angelina order, gently slapping Cho's saliva stricken face, her chin almost as glossy as Angelina's cock, her cheeks glowing red and flush. Turning to Katie, Cho opted for the smaller of the two shafts, Katie eager to oblige her, watching as Angelina's attentions turned to the young girl's pert ass cheeks. Bending down, Angelina lifted her two hands and sharply spanked the girl's cheeks causing her to wince and squeal painfully, arching her back and stopping her jerking momentarily. The two girls glared at her as her hands stopped move, spurring her back into movement, fervently trying to please the girls and trying to stave off another spank. Something, she simply couldn't avoid, quietly tolerated and even more quietly enjoyed. Katie didn't need to coax Cho's lips along her cock. The Asian girl parted her lips and enveloped her cock with ease, sliding her mouth along her shaft until the entirety of her length was lodged in her mouth, the tip dipping into her throat, but not enough to cause her to gag and splutter. The hand that was previously wrapped around her shaft, instead dropped down to her balls, gently massaging them as she easily bobbed her mouth up and down along Katie's length with ease. Her other hand was still wrapped around Alicia's cock, steadily jerking her length back and forth. Alicia dribbled a mouthful of saliva down onto her own cock to satiate her desire for a slicker less dry handjob, Cho's hand beginning speed along her slick, shimmering cock, bringing more moans to her lips. Plunging her lips up and down Katie's cock, Cho began to fall slowly in love with the perfectly length that was Katie's delicious shaft. Whilst most would lavish and boast about loving long thick shafts, Cho found Katie's rather petite length incredibly satisfying, her lips able to slide up and down with ease, her tongue dancing around her shaft as she did so. Closing her eyes, she lovingly dragged her lips along her shaft, lubing it to a deliciously glossy shimmer, beginning to softly moan, her lusty vibrations humming along Katie's cock bringing a soft moan to the white girl as her cock was enveloped again and again by a deliciously skilled mouth. As she slipped into the mood, Cho was swiftly taken away from it as Angelina's hands struck her arse cheeks again, the sharp spanking sound echoing throughout the room. Her cheeks were burning red as she squealed around Katie's cock, the sound eliciting more pleasure from her. As the stinging pain subsided, Cho moaned softly, the cool air almost massaging her tender cheeks. Suddenly, a second spank came, her arse turning red raw as she was spanked painfully again. Before she could recover, several sharper spanks came, ringing through the room as her arse burned, her cheeks jiggling softly, muffled squeals of pain filling the room. Pulling her lips away from Katie's cock, Cho returned her hand to her shaft slowly jerking the white girl off as she pulled her lips towards Alicia's cock. "I don't want your lips around my cock. You don't deserve it yet," Alicia smiled, wrapped her hand through Cho's hair and pulling her head away from her cock as she moved to suckle upon it. Yanking her hair backwards, Alicia turned around, presenting her plump bubble butt to the young Asian girl and gently pushing her face between her cheeks, holding her head there until she pushed her tongue out from between her lips and got to work, Alicia's hand jerking herself off as her tongue diligently started to please her. Buried in Alicia's bum, Cho darted her tongue outwards and dragged it across her hole, coating it in saliva before tracing her tongue across every inch of her bum. Alicia's hand was planted firmly on her head, pushing her further and deeper in, forcing her tongue to slip inside her hole with ease. Plunging the wriggling muscle deep inside her, Cho heard Alicia moan deeply, savouring the pleasure of having a tongue deep inside her arse, Alicia let go of Cho, allowing the girl to take control and explore the depths of her tight, plump bum. Moans came swiftly from both Cho and Alicia's lips as Angelina continued to sharply spank her arse, causing her to squeal and moan deep into Alicia's arse, subsequently causing her to moan loudly. Alicia always had a soft spot for her arse. Of the three Chasers, her arse was the nearest to being perfect. Round, plump, pert and firm all at the same time. Not only that, but she savoured the sensation of a tongue darting back and forth within her. Unlike Katie, she abhorred being fucked herself, but relished having someone's diligent and pleasurable tongue writhing and dancing around inside her. It was a pleasure she rarely experienced. Fred and George sometimes dipped their lips between her bum, but Katie and Angelina always preferred to have such pleasure placed upon them rather than doing it themselves. At least when she and Katie fucked each other they had an unspoken agreement that they returned what pleasures they received themselves. Angelina… Well Angelina often found herself consumed by pleasure and desire becoming more dominant and less open to such indulgences. Moaning lustily, Alicia began to grind her ass against Cho's face, trying to get her tongue deeper inside her, her tongue inching closer and closer to her sensitive button of delicious pleasure. Unbeknownst to her, her bum cheeks were pushing against Cho's face denying her the deep pleasure she so desired. Biting her lip as Cho jerked her off, Katie reached across the Asian girl's body and peeled apart her friend's arse cheeks, Cho's tongue sinking deep inside her, plunging deeper than she thought possible as Cho did everything she could to milk as much pleasure from the black girl's delicious arse as she could, all the while Angelina was crouched behind her savouring the pleasures of Cho's tight, clutching bum. Tiring of spanking the young girl, Angelina peeled her pert bum cheeks apart, revealing her relatively untouched rear entrance. As much as she longed to simply sink her cock inside, Angelina refrained and slipped two of her fingers into her lips, lubing them to a glossy and sloppy shimmer before lowering the digits to her small hole, gently pressing both of them up against Cho's bum. Reluctant to give them access, Cho found her hole to be no match for Angelina's lust as both of the fingers eventually slipped inside, Angelina stretching Cho's tight back entrance, slowly getting her ready for her cock which was begging to be introduced to her hole. Moaning audibly inside of Alicia's arse, Cho felt her body tingle as her arse was peeled open, secretly wanting more, but keeping that to herself in a vain attempt to save herself from a certain onslaught of hardcore fucking. Easing the two fingers in and out of her bum, Angelina watched eagerly as her rosebud clutched and pulled at her fingers, trying desperately to keep them lodged inside her whenever Angelina tried to pull them out. Grinning wildly at Cho's eagerness, Angelina slipped a third finger inside, deeming that suitable preparation for the thick slab of cock that would be introduced shortly. Moaning loudly as a third finger entered her, Cho subconsciously began to push her arse back greedily on Angelina's fingers, trying to sink them deeper inside her bringing a massive smile to Angelina's face as she deemed she was ready for a fucking. "This slut needs some cock up her ass," Angelina purred spanking Cho's arse one last time, her cheeks a glowing red. Her squeal was muffled by Alicia's plump bum cheeks, but as Angelina reached up and pulled her head backwards out of the girl's arse, her grunts and groans were entirely audible. All three girls gathered round, slick smiles on their faces as Angelina posed the immortal question, "Who has your favourite cock?" "You…" Cho murmured through gritted teeth confessing her adoration for the girl's thick, throbbing black beast of a cock. Smiling widely, Angelina slapped Cho's face with her cock, sliding her thick black shaft along the Asian girl's lips before letting her fall forwards onto her hands and knees, her arse perfectly on display for the Gryffindor to relish and pound. "That's what I thought. You like this big black cock… I knew there was a reason she's called the Ravenclaw Quidditch Team's slut…" Angelina smiled, crossing around to the young girl's asshole and pressing the fat tip of her cock against her tight constricted arse. Cho hadn't even allowed Cedric to fuck her up the ass. The only time her rear entrance had gotten any action was when she and Marietta were first experimenting and exploring with one another. That was years ago. And now she had easily the largest cock she had seen pressing itself against her bum, readying to pound her hard, "Got tired of bouncing on Cedric's pixy dick and decided to get a real fucking?" Not waiting for Cho's response, Angelina gently pushed forwards, being met with an incredibly tight and resistant hole. Adjusting her angle, she pushed forwards, pressing the tip against the centre of her hole and watching as it slowly began to peel apart, her arsehole unable to resist the slow advancing push. Easing the tip inside of her arse, Angelina moaned as Cho gasped painfully. Running her hands along Cho's red arse, Angelina took a hold of her hips and gently began to pull her backwards onto her cock, watching as her arse easily gave away to each and every inch of her shaft, her tight hole flexing and stretching painfully as she reached half way. Giving the girl a moment to adjust, Angelina began to gently fuck her, shifting a couple inches in and out, loosening her relatively untouched hole. The first meek whimper of a moan escaped Cho's lips, bringing a devilish smile to Angelina's face and spurring her onto lodge the entirety of her shaft inside Ravenclaw's Harlot. Sliding forwards, she also began to ease Cho's bum backwards, sliding more and more of her cock inside. Cho felt Angelina's cock hit her prostate, an unbearable wave of pleasure hitting her body as her fat tip massaged her prostate sending massive bursts of pleasure through her entire body. Each inch that slid inside from that point onwards milked morsel after morsel of pleasure from her sensitive spot until Cho felt Angelina's shaven crotch push against her tender bum cheeks, the heavy pair of balls dangling beneath the coloured girl softly smacking against Cho's balls. Moaning in unison, Cho couldn't hide her pleasure any longer. She didn't think that such pleasure would be able to be given by such an enormous shaft, but she was moaning loudly, borderline squeals lurching from her mouth. Taking that as encouragement, Angelina slid half of her cock out of the young Asian broad before sliding slowly back in, not wanting to tear Cho in two with a rough fucking. Easing herself in and out of was plenty pleasurable especially considering just how tight she was. She barely even had to move to have her cock plunged into an immensely pleasurable state. Speeding up a little, Angelina was slightly dissuaded by just how vocal Cho was. Breathing, panting, squealing and almost screaming into the room, Cho was letting everything out as she started to get eagerly sodomised by the equivalent of a baseball bat. "Katie… be a doll and get her to quieten down," Angelina smiled, not slowing down her deep and steady thrusts as she leant forwards and pulled the young white girl's lips down to her own. Kissing her passionately, Angelina moaned lustily into Katie's mouth, her hips crashing against Cho's arse as he squeals, and grunts of pleasure filled the room, Cho desperately trying to keep herself together whilst being impaled on Angelina's shaft. "With pleasure…" Katie grinned leaning away from Angelina and planting a single soft kiss on Cho's arsehole, simultaneously kissing Angelina's cock as it slid back inside. Striding around to Cho's face, Katie sank down onto her knees in front of her and slowly backed up into the Asian girl's face, pushing Cho's lips in between her own pale, creamy bum cheeks, moaning as she began to devour her delicious, asshole, ever so slightly agape due to Katie's proclivity for playing the bottom. Her arse had gotten considerably looser having indulged with Harry, his rougher treatment of her derriere satisfying her primal urge for hardcore sex, whilst simultaneously removing the tight nature of her hole entirely. Cho's tongue lapped wildly at Katie's hole, tracing her tongue across every inch of her rosebud, using the tip of her tongue to trace the delicious wrinkles. If Cho had to choose, she preferred Katie's bum to Alicia's. Though that would be a confession she would keep to herself, saving herself from Alicia's no doubt fervent sexual wrath. Moaning into Katie's arse as her own bum was slowly fucked by Angelina's thick, bulbous cock, Cho pushed her tongue against the middle of Katie's hole, plunging her tongue deep into the girl's arse, revelling at how loose it was. With one of her free hands, Cho reached between the white girl's legs, wrapping her hand around Katie's cock and gently beginning to jerk it back and forth, pre-cum spilling across her hand. Moaning loudly as Cho's tongue lodged itself deep inside her bum, Katie began to push herself back and forwards, pushing her arse back against Cho's tongue and gently fucking herself on her slick, wriggling digit. Knowing her place, Cho pushed her tongue out as far as she could, lunging it as deep as she could before allowing Katie to use it for her own delicious pleasure, slamming her arse back onto the tongue as if it were a cock and moaning like a lustful whore in the process. Cho's hand continued to jerk along her cock whilst Katie's hand went to her own breast, plucking and pulling on the sensitive nub as she fucked herself on Cho's delectably large tongue. "Not enough holes for us all. Looks like we'll have to share," Alicia smiled, Cho's eyes widening as she heard this. Unable to see Alicia, Cho assumed that she meant she and Angelina would have to share. Cho had slowly grown accustomed to Angelina's thick cock, but taking two cocks at once was going to be impossible, let alone Angelina and Alicia's big black mammoth cocks. Luckily for her, Alicia came into her view, leaning down and kissing Katie passionately on the lips before sinking down onto her knees. Katie pulled her bum away from Cho's lips, the room filling with soft whimpers and moans. Looking in front of her, Cho gulped, faced with two cocks, one admittedly smaller, but both begging access to her mouth. Expecting them to take turns or at least let one of them enter at once, Cho was surprised as the both pushed forwards, their cocks fighting for access to her mouth. She easily managed to take their tips into her mouth, her lips and cheeks spreading to accommodate the uncomfortable angle, yet the real challenge came when they tried to push deeper. Their cocks grinded against one another as they pushed down her throat, neither one being able to get very far, but both of them moaning loudly as they did so. Having their cocks sliding against Cho's mouth and each other's cocks was incredibly pleasurable. But after a few minutes, they changed their tack, taking turns and maximising their pleasure as well as Cho's perverse discomfort. Katie went first, sliding her cock deep into her throat, whilst Alicia used her tip to stretch Cho's lips wider, playing with her mouth instead of fucking it. Sliding a couple inches in alongside, Katie, Alicia savoured the look of Cho dribbling uncontrollably across the ground, whilst Katie gently fucked her throat. Pulling her cock out entirely, Alicia decided to forgo pleasure, instead finding satisfaction in torturing the young Ravenclaw with her cock, slapping it across her face and sawing it back and forth, humiliating the Asian girl with her thick black rod. Finally, she pushed her cock back inside Cho's mouth, deciding to try and get her cock in alongside Katie's cock one last time. With Katie's cock buried deep inside her throat, Alicia pushed forwards, sinking her cock a few inches until she hit the back of her throat, her tight depths simply unable to physically take her cock. Pulling her cock back whilst Alicia still had her shat lodged in the girl's throat, Katie watched as Alicia suddenly stumbled forwards, her cock plunging deep into Cho's unwary throat as soon as Katie pulled away. Moaning loudly, Alicia was the last of the three of them to slide her cock deep into Cho's throat. Savouring every moment of it, Alicia slowly slid inch after inch into Cho's mouth until her lips were pressed snugly against her neatly trimmed crotch, her tongue sandwiched against the bottom of her mouth. Slowly, she pulled her cock out of Cho's mouth, giving her a chance to breathe before playfully slapping her in the face with her shaft, giggling as she did so. "She's nice and tight…" Angelina moaned, pulling her cock out of Cho's arse, watching as her hole was left slightly agape as her black cock popped out of her tight entrance. Spanking her cheeks once again, Angelina rose to her feet, joined by Katie and Alicia who were all looking down at the lady before them. Leaning in to Alicia, Angelina stole a kiss, their tongues battling one another's whilst Katie's hands dropped to their cocks, giving them a quick jerk before they parted, and Alicia placed herself behind Cho, "I've loosened her up for you…" Alicia wrapped her hand around Cho's hair pulling her roughly backwards, forcing her up onto her knees, allowing the young black chaser to nibble at her neck, purring into her ears whilst her other hand attacked the girl's breasts, pulling and squeezing the soft flesh, moaning softly in Cho's ear as she did so. Grunting, Cho felt the girl's cock slide up between her cheeks, grinding against her arsehole as she plucked and played with her breasts, painfully tweaking her nipples and eliciting a soft grunt of pleasure from the Asian woman, entirely at her mercy. "Lucky for you… Katie prefers getting fucked. So, you are gonna fuck her nice and good for us or… Well we won't get into that," Alicia smiled, leaning down and kissing Cho's saliva streaked face as Katie bit her lip, having secretly wanted to impale herself on Cho's admittedly gorgeous cock, "That sound good to you? Get your cock in a nice tight arse. Fuck it good and proper." "Yeah… Real good," Cho moaned, her cock twitching at the prospect. Despite being handed around like a walking fleshlight, Cho was actually silently enjoying herself. She didn't know what was making her open and so lustful towards their cocks, but she didn't care at this point, the pleasure coursing through her body being enough to make the demeaning situation worth it. "Good… cause whilst you are doing that, I'm going to make sure you aren't walking straight for weeks and Angelina… Well she's gonna make sure you don't make a sound…" Alicia purred as all three of them got into position. Alicia placed the tip pf her cock against Cho's arse whilst, Katie slowly slid herself backwards, the tip of Cho's cock pressed snugly against her bum. Angelina straddled Katie, a leg either side of her, her cock resting against Cho's lips ready to thrust once again, down into the depths of her throat, all the while keeping the Asian girl up on her knees. All three girls gave each other a nod, before moving, plunging Cho's body into new realms of pleasure as every conceivable avenue of pleasure her body could provide was used. It was incredible. Katie pushed herself back entirely not stopping until the entire length of Cho's cock was plunged deep inside her. Moaning loudly, she ground her arse against Cho's crotch, her balls smacking gently against hers as her prostate was ground pleasurably. As soon as Katie had Cho's cock submerged into her, Alicia had something to push Cho against. As she pressed her tip against her slightly agape arse, she used Katie as an anchor, pushing Cho's cock deeper into her fellow chaser as she sank her own cock deeper into Cho. It took a minute or two to worm her cock inside Cho's admittedly looser arse, but eventually their bodies collided, Cho briefly being allowed to moan openly before her sound were muffled by Angelina's thick cock. Pushing into Cho's mouth, Angelina didn't let up. Whilst she was gentle and easy on her first entrance, Angelina wanted nothing more than to cum. Sliding her cock until she hit Cho's throat, she didn't wait for her to dutifully swallow, but instead forced her massive tip deep into her throat, sliding deeper and deeper until her balls smacked against Cho's chin, her cheeks bulging and saliva dribbling down onto Katie's arse, inadvertently lubing her up some more. Giving Cho a moment to savour all the sensations, the three girls began to move back and forth, flooding Cho with every sensation she could imagine. Consumed by pleasure Katie relished the thick shaft plundering her arsehole. She had grown used to Harry's cock and having one that was admittedly bigger was a delicious and thrilling change. The size however didn't change her approach. Bouncing back and forwards, Katie slammed her arse backwards onto Cho's cock, impaling herself with ease and plunging Cho's cock into new realms of hardcore pleasure. The Asian girl, whilst otherwise occupied, was surprised with the swift fervour in which Katie threw herself backwards, smacking arse against Cho's neatly trimmed crotch faster and faster, her arse loosening rapidly. Spitting into her hand, Katie reached behind herself, giving her arse another quick lube before drawing her bum all the way to the tip of her cock and plunging herself back onto it, submerging every inch back inside with ease and most importantly pleasure. Angelina wasn't one to be outdone by Katie's fervent self fucking. Grabbing Cho's head in both hands, she arched her back slightly and began to slide her hips back and forth, fucking Cho's throat, hard and fast, her balls smacking against Cho's saliva slick chin, filling the room with audibly, sloppy slaps as Cho's slick sloppy blowjob grew wetter and wetter with each deep and pounding thrust. Hammering back and forth, Angelina felt herself get consumed by a world of pleasure, her tight clutching throat starting to pull her back in whenever she pulled out spurring her to grow rougher and rougher. Drawing her hips back until her tip sat on the edge of Cho's throat, Angelina gave her a brief moment to breathe, before slamming her cock back in, the girl spewing a mouthful of saliva down her already soaked shaft, starting to coat Katie's bum cheeks in a thin layer of saliva. Letting her fellow Chasers savour their pleasures first, Alicia simply revelled in the tightness of Cho's bum. She was rarely let near Fred or Angelina's arses, the two tightest holes in their group and thus a sumptuously tight asshole was deliciously welcome. Running her hands up to Cho's breasts, her soft mounds coated in saliva as sloppy streaks started running down her stomach, Alicia bit her lip, slowly moving her cock backwards, simply relishing the way her arse felt around her cock. Not looking to pound her into oblivion or fuck her senseless, although the bitter reminder of the Gryffindor's Quidditch losses to Ravenclaw begged her to let loose, Alicia instead opted for a tender, sensual approach, fucking her slowly and deeply, her thrusts long and lustful, her cock inching deeper into Cho's slowly relaxing hole. Pleasure filled the pair of them as Alicia savoured having her cock wrapped up in a tight, warm and deeply pleasurable hole, her tip spewing pre-cum deep inside the Asian slut. The room was a symphony of delicious sounds. Katie, Angelina and Alicia were moaning softly in tandem, grunts of pleasure coming from Angelina and Katie as they worked up a sweat slamming themselves against and into the young girl. Alicia's more tender moans were soft and delicate, echoed by the slapping of flesh. The sound of the balls smacking back and forth with each thrust filled the room, Angelina's sloppy wet gargling sounds dwarfing everything else as Cho's throat gagged and spluttered, moans bubbling through as she grunted muffled pleasure around Angelina's cock. The three chasers were in heaven, their bodies moving seductively together, all grinding and fucking against Cho, who's body was brimming with pleasure. Doing her best not to cum, Cho was on the verge. Having her body plunged into such new realms of pleasure all at once was almost too much. Her cock begged to be allowed to let loose, but she knew she'd be in for something rough if she didn't get Katie to cum first. Dropping a hand between her legs, Katie was jerking her cock furiously, desperate to cum and get her relief. Speeding her thrusts backwards up, Katie felt herself develop a thin layer of sweat across her body as her breasts jiggled back and forth. Her body started to tire, but she was consumed by pleasure, Cho's cock practically pounding her prostate, milking it for pleasure with each long, deep and frantic thrust. Slamming herself back onto her cock, Katie moaned loudly, feeling her bum grow slicker and slicker as Cho dribbled more saliva down onto her cock and arse. Silently glad for the additional lube, Katie sped up as fast as she could, instead down shallow and even quicker thrusts, making sure her prostate was pleasured with each one. Angelina was in heaven. Cho's throat opened up enough to make her thrusts swifter and longer, the constant lubrication making it deliciously slick. Giving up on trying to swallow the saliva, Cho simply let Angelina use her throat for her own pleasure, Cho gazing lustily up at the demure black girl as she slammed her hips back and forth, pounding and stretching the young Asian babe's throat, making sure each thrust was as deep and sensual as possible. Her balls were getting coated in a thin layer of saliva as her chin was coated in the substance, meaning that each soft slapped slowly covered he balls, making the smacking sounds slicker and more delicious. Angelina's cock was twitching, almost near her orgasm, but all three of the girls silently knew what they wanted to do and how they were going to finish, making sure Cho truly remembered her delectably pleasurable experience. Slowly growing a little rougher, Alicia developed an even more pleasurable pace. Pulling back until only the tip remained inside, she slid her cock half way in, easing her shaft in for that first portion, before swiftly slamming the rest of her cock inside. It was a different rhythm and a difficult pace to keep, but it gave Alicia the pleasure of both paces. The fast, quick plunge of hammering her cock deep inside, combined with the slow sensual massage Cho's arse so skilfully gave. Her body was brimming with pleasure, each thrust bringing her close to her end, despite her desperately wanting to pound and savour Cho's arse for as long as possible. Glancing up at Angelina, she was given a nod, one that was quickly reaffirmed by Katie. All three of them were ready to cum. All at once the pulled away from Cho. Katie clambered to her feet, her hand speeding back and forth across her cock, whilst Angelina circled around Cho, her hand lazily smearing her saliva up and down her shaft, biting her lip as she admired Cho's naked body, her tits and ass certainly appealing when laid bare. Alicia slowly pulled out of her arse, letting Cho fall forwards onto the ground, collapsing as her body tried to adjust to the pleasure she just experienced and swiftly having it robbed of her. Whilst every bone in her body was telling her to lay there, her lust and desire told her to go for it and simply let her inhibitions burn. Pushing herself up onto her knees, she wrapped her hands around Angelina and Alicia's cock before plunging Katie's deep into her throat, bobbing her head eagerly up and down along her shaft. Surprised, the three chasers dropped their own hands from their cocks allowing the young girl to milk them dry, her mouth eagerly enveloping Katie's cock like it was her job. Pulling her lips away, she took Alicia's cock into her mouth, forcing herself to slide her lips down along every single inch, Alicia moaning loudly as she admired Cho's newfound oral abilities. Plunging her lips up and down a few more times, she turned back to Angelina, parted her lips and did everything in her power to let her throat slide downwards. With her inhibitions gone, her mouth finally gave away, allowing her to slide her lips all the way down Angelina's shaft, entirely of her own accord, spewing one last mouthful of saliva onto the Chaser's crotch before pulling her lips back. With all of them on the verge of cumming, Angelina pushed Cho away from her cock, taking her shaft into her own hand and straddling the Asian girl's face. Jerking herself off furiously, Angelina came and came hard. This was easily one of the hottest encounters of her life and her orgasm showed it. Spurting several long massive strands of cum across Cho's face and tits, she painted in thick, white, creamy cum before staggering back entirely spent. Katie was next, popping her cock inside Cho's mouth and letting her swallow the first strand of cum, before pulling back and showering her with the rest of her massive load, her cum mingling with Angelina's coating Cho's body in their loads. Alicia was last, sliding her cock along her lips before shooting her load down her stomach and tits, making sure to go around behind her and send a strand across her delicious bum, her body coated in a thin layer of cum, the white liquid mixing with the saliva and leaving her in a sticky, delectable state. And absolutely shattered. Crumbling forwards, she simply lay there recovering, her own cock eventually beginning to twitch pleasurably. "Not bad… Chang…" Angelina smirked, spanking her arse one last time as Cho's cock started to twitch, the biggest orgasm she had ever had hitting her and hitting her hard. Cumming without any provocation, he cock twitched, spewing strand after strand of cum out onto the floor of the bathroom, her cock leaking more cum that she had ever had before. Laying limp, she heard the chasers dress themselves and leave, just as her orgasm ended, her cock finally softening and the pleasure that was rippling through her body subsided. Breathing heavily, she let a soft smile inch across her face as she pushed herself up onto her feet, coated in cum and started herself a bath. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Here we go," Fred breathes, making sure Harry's cloak was covering both of them properly. Quietening down they watched as a Ravenclaw student strode up towards the Tower, stopping before the entrance and murmuring the password. The door swung open and the student quickly pushed through, allowing the Twin's a brief window of time to enter the Common Room. Ducking inside just in time, the were met with the Ravenclaw common room a vast library of books, sofas and chairs positioned across the entire floor with a large marble statue of Rowena Ravenclaw standing tall and proud by a single staircase. "You sure Harry said we could use this?" George asked as the made their way up the staircase making special effort not to get walked into. Stumbling and staggering past various people, a few close calls almost rendering their plan a failure, the Twins finally managed to make their way up to the dormitories. "Something along those lines…" Fred breathed weaving up the staircase and finding the girl's dormitory. Uncertain as to whether or not there was some form of spell protecting their privacy, much the same as the Gryffindor one, the Twins were lucky to find no such protection, a bizarre choice, but convenient nonetheless, "Come on…" The pair quickly found Cho's room, her name emblazoned on a bronze plaque outside the room, alongside her roommates. Sneaking inside, they spied Cho's nightstand and trunk, moving swiftly towards it only to be stopped by a sound behind them. Turning around, they saw, in a bed tucked behind the door, a girl. Naked. And naturally jerking themselves. Stunned for a moment, the twins quickly recognised her as Marietta Edgecombe, her long strawberry blonde hair sprawled out beneath her as she thrust her cock up into her hand, pleasuring herself softly. Taken aback by the sight, Fred had to have their objective reaffirmed, George forcing his twin over to the trunk. One of them kept an eye of Marietta, a burden Fred eagerly and stoically accepted, making sure that she didn't notice the mysterious trunk opening of its own accord. Her shaft was shorter than Cho's but had an unusual girth to it. Being remarkably meaty, she struggled to get her fingers around it, but managed to do so after a few minutes. Even in saying that it was shorter, she still had a fair length to it. Cho's was surprisingly long, meaning that Marietta certainly didn't lack in length. Opening the trunk slowly, George quickly managed to nab the potion, slowly easing their way back over to the door, their eyes latched onto her soft features as she moaned and groaned, grinding against the bed. As the neared the door, Fred noticed she had a finger lodged up her bum, sliding it in and out as she bounced up and down, jerking herself off rapidly, nearing an orgasm. Having to practically drag Fred out of the room, George was the only one who actually kept his mind clear enough to complete their goal. Grumpy, Fred began muttering under his breath as the two of them swiftly retreated, their mission an invariable success. Author's Note: Hope you guys all enjoyed that. I love using the Quidditch Trio and I'm pretty sure Cho is certainly fond of them at this point as well. Despite having been tricked into the scenario, I'm pretty sure she enjoyed herself nonetheless. Besides, Cho needed some comeuppance after treating Cedric the way she treats him. Besides, I'd wager a lot of you wouldn't mind being in her position ;) This was a longer chapter as well, so hope you appreciate it. I really enjoyed writing it. I love doing chapters that allow me to get creative. And with four people, the positions you can come up with and things you can do can get exciting. I would call this probably the most hardcore chapter in terms of what they get up to and I would appreciate knowing people's opinions on It. If you are going to leave a review, let me know what you think about it. Just to gauge my audience a little. The next chapter is the much-anticipated Yule Ball chapter. And if you aren't hyped enough already, it is going to be glorious. I've been planning and writing it for over a week now and it is shaping up to be the biggest chapter yet. If my predications are right, it might even be bigger than some of my other stories. Something naughty to sink your teeth into on Christmas Day. Because we all know people still masturbate on Christmas Day. May as well have some high-quality fanfiction to get you through eh? Anyways, hope you enjoyed that, let me know. Love hearing from you and I'll see you next week for hopefully one of the best chapter's I've written. Till next time!
Author's Note: Merry Christmas! (Or which every festive holiday you celebrate). Regardless of which ever holiday you celebrate or don't celebrate, I am a firm believer in the fact that everyone should have some high-quality smut to fap or finger themselves to on this fine day! So, enjoy! Now, a bunch of other stories have been updated alongside this one. They have all been updated with three chapters, whereas this story will only be getting two chapters. This one and the Tonks One-shot. Because, I've been updating this story so regularly, I figured I should focus on the other stories to be fair on people. And if you haven't read my other stories, there will never be a better time than now! Besides, this chapter is fucking massive. Like excessive. I think I may have done too much. And by massive, I mean massive. When I first started to plan this out in my head, it was a third of the size it now is. There will a little bit of set up at the beginning and then a lot of joyous smut. The perfect treat for such a festive occasion, both in the story and outwith! Enjoy! Chapter 22: The Yule Ball "Hello boys," Padma and Parvati smiled as Ron and Harry made their way down the stairs towards the Great Hall. There was a large bustle of people going in and out of the Great Hall, the loud chatter of romantic couples filling the entire castle as everyone made their way down to the Ball. Both the twins were gorgeous, their make-up elegantly applied and their dresses neatly pressed. As the four of them came together, Padma's eyes widened, here gaze glancing up and down Ron with surprise and utter disbelief, "My, don't you look… dashing…" "Here you are Potter. Are you and Miss Patil ready?" Professor Mcgonagall asked, pushing her way through the crowd to find Harry and gently brushing down his robes, his usual natty style reflected in the dusty state of his robes. Not nearly as bad as Ron's rather… aged appearance. "Ready professor?" Harry asked, taken aback by her picking him out of the crowd. He was pretty sure she wasn't asking everyone in the school if they were ready for the Yule Ball. Also taken by surprise, Mcgonagall looked to him like he had just asked an impossible question. "To dance. It's traditional that the three champions or in this case four are the first to dance. Surely I told you that?" Mcgonagall sighed, sure in herself that she had given ample warning to all the Champions including Potter. Although to her recollection, she wasn't entirely sure of that. The evening she was meant to seek out Potter was interrupted by an impromptu visit to gloryhole. A teacher must secure her stimulation somewhere. Although, unbeknownst to both of them, Mcgonagall's original intention to find Potter had come to pass regardless. Though not in the way either of them would have perceived. "No…" Harry breathed nervously. He had secretly been hoping that he could blag his way through the entire evening not once having to dance, but it seems tradition had a different plan for him indeed. Straightening himself, he gave Parvati a nervous look, the girl equally stunned by the knowledge. She was excited to dance, but certainly didn't want to be the centre of attention. Though, she figured that her being the date for a Champion had certain publicity aspects to say the least. "Well, now you know," Mcgonagall smiled, before turning Ron, her eyes widening almost as much as Padma's did when she laid eyes on the redheaded boy. Straightening Ron's bonnet, she sighed and gestured towards the Great Hall, trying her best not to laugh at the frankly dismal state of the young boy, "Oh, as for you Mr Weasley you may proceed into the Great Hall with Miss Patil." Padma and Ron slowly shuffled towards the Hall, both of them equally nervous, but Padma more so. Glancing back at her twin sister, Padma shot her a look of panic only to be grabbed firmly by the arm and practically wrenched unromantically into the Great Hall leaving Parvati and Harry to talk to one another, both of them anxious. Both for their initial dance and because they were burdened with the awkward teenage demeanours. "Nervous?" Parvati smiled softly, gently nudging Harry to probe his attention as he fiddled with his fingers, gently playing with the cuffs of his robes, blushing softly to himself as they stood fretting aside one another. "Yeah. Not much of a dancer," Harry replied politely, more worried about Ginny and the fact that they weren't on the best of terms. Seeing each other with different dates on such a romantic night was surely going to be awkward. To say the least. That and he was about to make an absolute fool of himself dancing. "Same. Should be fun though. I mean, it'll be nice. Don't worry about your hands if they slip," Parvati smiled, trying to defuse the tension with a small joke, Harry laughing nervously in response. Turning her head, she murmured beneath her breath to herself, "Or cop a feel…" Luckily for them, their attention was drawn towards the Grand staircase, the sound of giggles and quiet chuckles echoing as two people rounded the corner. Hermione, the once shy and reserved girl was wearing a frankly stunning dress, her cleavage all but on show. On her arm was Krum, who was trying his best to shush the young girl who's heart was racing following an impromptu visit to a small broom cupboard. There was a streak of saliva, a detail both Parvati and Harry noticed, both of them putting two and two together, smirking to themselves before Parvati chuckled, "Wonder what they've been up to…" "No prizes for guessing…" Harry smirked, not quite able to believe that the girl who was so nervous to simply sit naked next to him had become so forward. Perhaps it was the heat of the evening, but Hermione had changed, becoming far more empowered. Sexually at least, "Never really thought Hermione would be that… lewd." "Appearances can be deceiving. Like me for example. I look innocent enough, but I could be a cock hungry animal for all you know," Parvati giggled nervously, blushing as she became a little too forwards herself. Politely chuckling, Harry bowed his head, the joke making him wonder if maybe Parvati was in fact like that. Before he could, she murmured meekly, "Sorry…" There wasn't anymore time as the Champions were ushered together, ready to be paraded into the room arm in arm. Nervously taking Parvati's arm the pair shared a nervous smile before the doors to the Great Hall swung open and they strode swiftly into the room, music blaring loudly to announce their entrance, echoed by thunderous applause. Harry was bombarded by the people, the couples filling the room. Ron and Padma, begrudgingly watching as Hermione strode past. Katie and Fred, the pair standing a fair bit apart, Fred's attention led more towards George and his date, the gorgeous Angelina. Ginny and Neville were towards the back of the room with Draco and Pansy revelling in their own distaste for the whole event. As they got into the room, Harry and Parvati took their place, Harry practically having to lunge at her waist as the music picked up and they were expected to dance. Harry focussed on Parvati for the most part, until more and more people joined in the dance floor flooded as they all began to collide. Watching out for other partners, Harry was surprised as he watched the elegant dance begin to ooze a sexual nature. It was small, but he began to notice hands slipping lower, cupping softer, more delicate parts of each other. Before he could notice anymore, Harry was drawn away from the dancing, a second dance beginning, affording Harry a moment of respite. Parvati was relieved as well, her heart racing from the nerves of the initial dance. Peeling themselves away, they found a small portion of the hall that was uncrowded, taking a breather, whilst watching the Ball get into full swing. Harry's first port of call was naturally, Neville and Ginny. But whilst they were initially so eager to hit the dance floor, they were nowhere to be seen on the actual ballroom floor. Confused, Harry glanced towards the doors to the Great Hall, watching as Ginny pulled Neville out of the room and the pair disappeared elsewhere. Hoping for the best, Harry sighed, turning back to the dancing and watching with silent joy as Ron and Padma stood awkwardly on the other side of the room, Padma trying her best to start one sided conversations. "You aren't that bad you know," Parvati smiled, breaking Harry's trance as he turned towards her, the girl quickly reaffirming her statement though as to not be misconstrued. Though, she wouldn't mind being taken out of context a little bit. Would make things easier at least, "At dancing that is." "Oh… thanks. You were pretty good as well," Harry smiled, casting another look over at Padma who was desperately trying. Running her hand along Ron's shoulder, she was met with a shrivelled uncomfortable look from Ron who could not have looked more out of place. "Thanks. Though your hands were wandering a bit," Parvati nudged, watching as Harry began to blush, relishing the discomfort before flirting with him slightly, dropping tiny hints as she tried to cease his nerves, "Oh, it's alright. I like a man who's… forward thinking… Drinks?" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "And he didn't want to go with me just because of Ron. I mean who would be so afraid of their best friend finding out that he was dating their sister?" Ginny lamented, closing the door to the small broom cupboard behind her and swiftly hiking her dress up and around her waist. She was wearing a dainty pair of tight, pink lacy panties that hugged her body tightly, her cock bursting at the seams, begging to be let loose. Dropping the garment, she freed her cock before turning around and facing the object of her desires. Sliding down onto his knees eagerly, Neville listened to her complaining about Harry, not really minding considering the erotic situation he was in. Ginny wove her fingers through his hair, wrapping her hand around her cock and pressing the tip of her shaft against his lips. Opening his mouth, he allowed her to sink her cock inside, lodging several inches into his warm wet mouth, his tongue dancing eagerly across her tip, coating it in saliva as she poured pre-cum down into his mouth, which he swiftly swallowed. Moaning loudly as Neville easily swallowed her cock, Ginny gently began to thrust into his mouth, the tip of her cock bouncing against the back of his throat, begging for access to the depths of his hole. Lifting his hand to her cock, he gently began to jerk her shaft, his other hand latching onto her balls. Neville knew vaguely what he was supposed to do, his first and only encounter with a girl being with Parvati. It was a late night when he was the only one left in the common room and Parvati was in desperate need of some relief, thus revealing the nature of magical women to Neville who was somewhat okay with notion that all women in fact had thick, throbbing cocks. Using the lessons Parvati taught him, he tried to please Ginny as best he could, letting her thrust against his throat. Despite the warm, wetness of his mouth, Ginny craved the depth of his throat, lusting and longing for a deeper blowjob. "I mean, maybe I overreacted a little bit, but he has to understand my side of it. I know I agreed with him about not letting Ron know in the beginning, but people change," Ginny grunted, bringing her second hand up to Neville's head and heavily encouraging him to swallow as she thrust against his throat. Each thrust forward was hard, almost breaking through Neville's defences, until he mistimed a tactical swallow, unwittingly taking Ginny's tip into his throat. Moaning in relief, Ginny prepared to sink her cock deep into his throat, ranting softly to Neville, "I just wanted to spend a romantic evening with my boyfriend, dancing and enjoy ourselves. Is that too much to ask?" Slowly, Neville's eyes widened his hands dropping to his creamy thighs, trying to stop her slow and steady thrust forwards. She had a firm grip and wasn't slowing down, his head getting forced closer and closer to her crotch. Much to his delight, the patch above her crotch had been shaven just for the special occasion of the Yule Ball. Silently relishing that sight, Neville moaned around her cock, only spurring her on. He had a thing for shaven crotches. He liked them when he still thought women had pussies and he liked them with his newfound knowledge of their throbbing appendages. He was swiftly made intimate with her shaven crotch, his nose pressed snugly against the bare expanse as his flexing lips tightening around the base of her cock, Ginny moaning as her cock plundered the depths of an entirely new, tight, warm throat. Savouring the deep warmth, Ginny held onto his head firmly and began to slowly thrust in and out of his throat, relishing the spasming tightness of his mouth. Neville was a little uncomfortable, but his discomfort was made worth it as his cock pressed tightly against his dress robes. Dropping a hand down between his legs, he gently squeezed and massaged his length as Ginny started to thrust deeper and deeper into his throat, her balls smacking softly against his chin, saliva starting to dribble out of his lips due to his inability to swallow it. Pre-cum spewed directly down his throat. Moaning loudly, Ginny sped herself up, the slapping sounds filling the room, joined by Neville's delicious eager slurps as the deepthroat blowjob became sloppier and sloppier. "I do love him, but we can't hide in the shadows for ever. I mean, I want to be able to walk down the corridors holding hands, go on dates. You know? The romantic stuff? Being physical is all well and good, but I want that more intimate couple aspect. I don't know, maybe I'm being too unreasonable," Ginny groaned, slamming harder and harder into his throat, her balls hurting slightly as they collided with his chin. That tiny fleck of pain was dwarfed by the tight pleasure of his throat wrapped around her cock, his throat slowly growing accustomed to the thick cock constantly invading it, "Merlin, Neville. You are really good to just talk too." Neville knew he wasn't her first choice. Ron may be a bit slow, but Neville noticed Harry and Ginny. Their subtle conversations, sneaking off whenever they got a chance. He took a massive gamble in asking Ginny to the Yule Ball after overhearing her complain to Luna about their fight. Neville had been preparing to go to the Ball on his own, but was ecstatic when Ginny agreed. He didn't think she'd say yes and he didn't think he would be in his current position with such a gorgeous lady. Starting to pound his flexing throat, Ginny worked up a bit of a sweat, her body tingling as pleasure coursed through her cock, moans dripping from her mouth as she slowed her thrusts down to deep passionate grinding. Her cock was on the verge of cumming and she was savouring the pleasure. She and Luna decided that they wouldn't cum for a few days prior to the Yule Ball, saving up for a chance encounter. Speaking of Luna, Ginny hadn't even seen her at the Ball. Hell, she didn't even know who Luna was supposedly going with. Those thoughts quickly left Ginny's head as she slammed her hips against Neville's lips, saliva dribbling down onto her balls as Neville coated her cock in a thick layer of spittle. Pre-cum poured down his throat as she came closer and closer to cumming and much to Neville's surprise, she didn't warn him. Lodging her cock down his throat one last time, Ginny unloaded, spurting strand after strand of cum deep into his throat. He gagged and spluttered as it landed in his stomach, his throat flexing and tightening around her shaft, unwittingly milking more and more cum out of her tip. Holding him in place, Ginny savoured the sensation of his throat, waiting until her cock began to soften in his mouth before pulling out. It was nice taste in Neville's mind, he had just wished she would have warned him. But the strangest sensation was feeling Ginny's cock soften and shrink in his mouth. It pulled itself up and out of his throat of its own accord. It was a small detail, but one that took Neville by surprise. Finally pulling her cock out of his mouth, she let his gasp and splutter as she caught her breath. "Blimey, shall we go back and have another dance?" Ginny breathed, pulling a small hankie out of a corner of her dress and wiping her cock clean before stowing it back inside her panties. Pulling her dress back down, she turned to Neville who was staggering to his feet, coughing slightly as he swallowed the cum. "Yeah… Sounds good…" Neville stammered, collecting himself, but remaining a gentleman throughout. Standing up straight, he offered her his arm and escorted her out of the broom cupboard, returning to the Ball, the music still elegant and delicate, the perfect tune for a glamourous evening. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "A drink, Madam Chang," Cedric smiled, eliciting a soft smirk from Cho as she accepted the drink courteously, obviously overacted. Faking a small bow as she did so, she tried to stifle a smirk as she took her first sip of the fruit punch, the drink obviously lacking a sharp alcoholic edge to it. "Ah, much obliged, monsieur Diggory…" Cho smiled, unable to contain the giggles as she burst out laughing, quickly joined by Cedric who stifled his laughter in his drink, sipping softly at the rather bland and uninspired punch. Of course, everyone was secretly hoping for a little bit of a proper drink, but those who did not prepare themselves and secure their own… illicit beverages, would be sorely disappointed. Not that anyone needed a bit of alcohol to loosen them up as everyone seemed quite forward to say the least. Cho particularly. Wrapping her hand around Cedric's waist, she pulled him close to her, her hand dropping down to gently cup his ass cheek. Startled ever so slightly, Cedric thought nothing off it, this hardly being the most provocative sexual gesture people had employed that evening. People were grinding gently against one another, disguising it as a more intimate ballroom dance, no teachers wanting to cause a scene, leaving them to simply bow their heads and move along. Cho however, was not content with becoming tame and simply fondling his bum. Sliding her hand up to the small of his back, she gently rubbed his skin, before dipping her hand down into his trousers and beneath his boxers, grasping one of his cheeks firmly in her hand. "What are you doing? There's people!" Cedric gasped, setting his drink down and trying to subtly remove her hand from his trousers, unable to slide away. Cho's grip on his arse kept him in place and she slowly peeled his bum apart, she rested a finger against his asshole, his bum slightly agape from her rather stringent use of his backdoor. His eyes widened as he realised her intentions, but his voice was silenced as she plunged her finger forwards, lodging it up to the knuckle in his ass. Shuffling towards the wall, Cedric moaned softly as Cho bit her lip, sipping gently on her punch as she pushed and pulled her finger in and out of him. Cedric was the only one of the pair to keep an eye out, his words stifled by swift, bursts of pleasure. "Look around, everyone here is trying to shag. Most of them are practically doing it now," Cho purred, gesturing across the room, pointing out Parvati who was swooning over Harry, getting handsy as she held his arm and pulled herself closer, her courage emboldened from elsewhere. A short distance away, Katie was trying to get Fred's attention, although his gaze was fixed elsewhere, focussing on his brother and his date. George and Angelina were pushed into the corner of the room, sat at a table with Angelina's dress hiked up around her waist. Both of them were looking at each other, their faces from a distance appearing to be locked in conversation. However, upon closer inspection, Angelina's eyes were closed with George's teeth gritted as his hand moved swiftly up and down beneath the table. Whilst no one really noticed, it didn't take much of a genius to figure out that he was steadily jerking her off beneath the table, her thick meaty cock hanging free, being massaged back and forth all under the eager watch of Fred. Slipping a second finger inside Cedric, Cho stifled another attempt to speak, pointing out another couple, the couple which was drawing the most attention that evening, namely for the woman within the pairing. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies were slowly making their way through the crowd, Fleur leading him towards the entrance of the Great Hall, happily chatting away about her family and such, whilst Roger's hands wandered across her bum, his eyes fixated on one thing and one thing only. That gorgeous French derriere. Fleur assumed she was locked in an intimate conversation, but ultimately received only nods and horny grunts from the fixated man. Once again, Cedric tried to speak, but found his voice faltering as Cho introduced a third finger, his arse eagerly accepting it with ease. Sliding them deep inside him, she tried to curl her fingers, hoping to find his sweet spot as his cock began to leak pre-cum into his boxers, his cock hard and pressing against the fabric of his dress robes. Leaning in, she nibbled gently at his neck, planting soft kisses along his flesh as her fingers plunged slowly in and out of his well-used arse. Her own cock was hard and pressing tightly against her panties, her dressing having enough space that she could disguise her bulge. "Come on, we can sneak off and have some fun," Cho smiled. Although she was afraid to admit it to herself, she was overcompensating. Having lost the bottle of Suggestibility Potion, she found herself dreading the Ball, certain that Cedric would find himself a tight arse floozy and cast her aside. After all, instead of using the potion to cultivate a relationship, she bent him over and fucked him. Dipping her hand into his trousers, continuing to finger him, Cho wrapped her hand clumsily around his cock, using her body to hide her explicit activities. Moaning softly, Cedric tried his best to keep an eye out, his eyes desperately wanting to roll closed allowing him to savour the dual pleasures of her soft silky hand rubbing up and down his cock, pre-cum leaking out onto her palm as she did so. The cramped handjob was exactly easy, but she made it work, making up for lost pleasure by applying it to his arse, easing her fingers in and out, timing the movements perfectly with her hand stroking along his cock. Her own cock was throbbing, begging for attention, but she didn't dare indulge it, knowing full well that Cedric was the priority this evening. "Can't we just dance and enjoy ourselves?" Cedric said, finally mustering up the resolve to stop Cho and her public pleasure session. Pulling her hands out of his trousers, held them in his own, looking into her eyes and smiling, his cock still uncomfortably hard, "It doesn't have to be all about sex." "I thought you liked sex. I just want to help you have a good evening," Cho smiled, bowing her nervously as Cedric did his best to win her over once again. Leaning together, they kissed each other softly, not nearly as passionately as usual. "I do like it, but there's plenty of time later for that stuff. I want to spend time with you. It seems like all we've done since we started going out was shag," Cedric lamented, the idea sounding ludicrous in his head. How could someone get bored of it. Dragging her by her hand, he led her back towards the dancefloor, just as the classical music was drowned out, replaced by a louder, more jarring rock, "Let's dance." IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Ah, mon ami. My mother taught me and ma soeur how to dance when we were very little," Fleur smiled, recounting her childhood as Roger slid slowly down onto his knees behind her. The pair had retreated to the women's bathroom, where she was leant up against the wall, Roger massaging and kissing his way along her back, inching closer and closer to her plump, perfect bum. Coming eye to eye with her shapely arse, he leant forward and kissed each cheek through her dress, moaning softly to himself as Fleur continued to ramble on, "I remember we used to dance around ze living room ze two of us." "Uh, uh," Roger grunted, more fixated on the object of his desires. Her delectable arse, the bum that he had spent weeks fantasising about and now finally had before him. Her words blending in on themselves, becoming nothing more than sounds as her Veela allure captured his mind. Gently lifting her dress up and over her bum, he groaned audibly as her pale, creamy butt cheeks were revealed, flossed by a tiny blue G-string. Running his hands up and down her bare buttocks, he softly began to squeeze and pull at the flesh, relishing how it bounced and jiggled back into place, but hung so perfectly on her thin figure. "My mother used to teach us all the things we needed to know. She made sure we could count and dance and hold our wands properly," Fleur smiled, feeling her cheeks peel apart as Roger slowly slipped her thong down her creamy thighs, her cock bouncing free and dangling between her legs. Planting his hands firmly on her cheeks, he pried her ass apart, revealing her tight, winking asshole. Before she could start talking again, Roger lunged in, tracing his tongue across her tight, flexing hole, eliciting soft moans from her pert lips, "Oh… she was… ever… ever so proud of me when I told her, oh… I was in… ze tournament…" Gently prodding her asshole with his tongue, he teased her with entrance, poking her hole just enough to almost slip inside. Darting his tongue back and forth across her constricted hole, Roger made sure he covered every inch of her hole in saliva, licking and lapping at every delicious morsel. Tracing his tongue along each sumptuous wrinkle, he lifted a finger to her hole and gently massaged it, making sure it was delectably lubricated before lunging back in, dancing his tongue across the sensitive flesh, encouraged by Fleur's impassioned moans, her body writhing with pleasure as she ground her arse backwards, practically begging him to slip his tongue inside. Finally succumbing to it, Roger pulled himself away, planting two soft kisses on each of her cheeks, his hands constantly, pulling and massaging the incredibly soft handfuls. Dipping his lips in between her cheeks, he kissed her hole softly, his tongue resting against he rosebud. Slowly, but surely, he pulled her hips back onto his tongue, slowly pushing it inside her, the slick, wriggling muscle weaving its way slowly inside, making sure she felt every single bit of it as it slipped inside her tight bum. Gasping as he pushed himself inside, Fleur bit her lip, her eyes rolling closed as more and more of his tongue pushed inside her, pleasure cascading through her tight body. "She iz coming to visit before ze third task. Her and papa… Oh mon ami, c'est bon…" Fleur moans, trying to have a conversation with the boy as he slipped his tongue into her arsehole, his hands wrapping around her waist and pulling her back onto his tongue, allowing him deeper and deeper. She had been trying to talk to him all evening, but his fixation was entirely obvious. She had hoped by allowing him to indulge a little before the end of the evening, he would more open to conversation and not empty, vapid lust, "Do you 'ave any family, Monsieur Davies?" "Uh, yeah…" He said, pulling his lips away from her asshole and licking them before diving back in, his hands roaming across her body, savouring every inch of her exposed skin that he could touch. The silky sensation of her flesh made his cock throb in his trouser, begging to be released. As his tongue wriggled back into place, he fantasied about the inevitable blowjob he was going to receive for his diligent attentions to her arsehole. Moaning loudly into her hole, he pushed his tongue deeper and deeper, wriggling it back and forth, trying to find her sensitive spots and make her cum quicker. Pushing his tongue as deep as it could go, Roger started working his way backwards, slowly sliding his tongue outwards, whilst darting it around, making sure it grazed and ground against every inch of her tight asshole. Covering the entirety of her hole in saliva, he slid his tongue out of her ass, softly kissing her rosebud before lifting his longest finger and slowly easing it inside her, watching as the blonde goddess, gasped, pushing her pert arse back onto his finger, sliding all the way in to the knuckle, moaning loudly as he bottomed out. Grinning wildly, Roger dove back in with his tongue, pushing the tip of his tongue back in alongside his finger, gently fingering her arsehole, whilst his tongue danced and darted around pleasurably inside her, bringing a sleugh of moans to her dainty lips. "How… enlightening…" Fleur moaned, realising once again that she was talking to herself. Sighing, she pushed her ass back onto his face, savouring his rather adept tongue work, but quietly finding herself disappointed with every other aspect of her date. Luckily for her, she had plans on how they would finish their evening. Pushing all thoughts of conversation from her mind, she savoured the wet, wriggling digit that was buried deep inside her and moaned softly to herself, her hand gently squeezing her breast through the fabric of her dress, adding to the pleasure, "Ah, ze same with all men. Trop concentré sur mon corps pour écouter un peu. How disappointing…" Somewhat less enthused about the whole situation, Fleur reached down and took one of Roger's hands leading it around to her cock and starting him jerking her off. Wrapping his hand around the base of her cock, Fleur let him figure out what she wanted and to her surprise, he started to slide his hand up and down her cock, managing to think through the sex driven haze that was clouding his mind. Moaning louder, she pushed her arse back onto Roger's face, plunging his tongue deeper into her hole, his finger already up to the knuckle in her tight, delicious hole. Dropping one of her hands down to her cock, she gently rubbed the tip of her cock, that sensitive nub of pleasure bringing her closer and closer to her much-desired orgasm. As soon as Roger wrapped his hand around Fleur's cock, his eyes went wide. This was what she was packing. It was bulging in his hands, throbbing in his grip. And as he started to jerk her off, he realised just how long and massive her shaft was. Plunging her tongue in and out of her asshole, he desperately hoped that Fleur much preferred to be on the bottom when came to sex. Much to his unwitting dismay, she had a lot more than just that planned for Roger. As her cock began to tingle, brimming on the edge of an orgasm, Fleur reach her hand around to Roger's head, holding him in place as her body spasmed, riding down the pleasure of her orgasm. Her cock erupted beneath her, showering the toilet wall in her cum, a hefty load that made Roger's eyes go wide as he saw it pool on the ground. His tongue was trapped inside her, her arse spasming and clenching around his finger and tongue, pinning them in place as she ground her arse against his face, milking every droplet of pleasure she could from him before finally letting him go. Falling backwards, he started to breathe wildly and erratically, catching his breath as Fleur readjusted her dress and clothing. "Come on. At least you are good at dancing," Fleur smiled, pulling her thong back up into place and casting her usual enchantment upon her panties to keep her cock in place and out of sight, through minimal effort. A thong was hardly the best choice for keeping a thick, heavy slab of cock hidden, but with her spell, it was like she had nothing there at all. Taking Roger's hand, she pulled him towards the door only to be stopped in her tracks. "Aren't you going to take care of me?" Roger smiled, gesturing down to his crotch, his cock pushing against his trousers. Surprised at how big a bulge was stuffed into his trousers, Fleur decided to indulge him for a moment, wrapping one of her hands around his neck and lowering the other to his crotch, gently squeezing and massaging his bulge through the thin fabric, before leaning in and whispering in his ear. "Can you tell me one thing my mother taught me and ma soeur?" Fleur purred into his ear, leaning forwards and gently nibbling his earlobe as her breathing became laboured, the movements of her hand becoming enough to make him have to stifle his moans. "Eh… Sewing?" Roger said dumbly, scrunching his face up as he said it. As soon as the words left his mouth, her hand stopped, dropping away from his cock as she strode slowly over to the door, a massive smirk on her lips as she smiled at him with a glaring look. "Ah, no blowjob for you. Listen a little and maybe later. Vous êtes un putain d'idiot, vous vache sans cervelle," Fleur smiled, grabbing his hand and dragging him out of the room and back to the dance, muttering in French beneath her breath as Roger grinned wildly, the only thing he picked out of her spiel being the fact that he might be getting laid later. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII The Ball changed drastically as soon as the classical music faded into the live rock. Whilst people were disguising their intentions prior, all was laid bare as people were grinding against one another, dancing provocatively and practically groping one another amidst the haze of fevered dancing. Much like the actual dancing, Harry wasn't one for this, Parvati remaining by his side, silently wishing to join in, but also gently rubbing his arm, doing her best to woo him as were her intentions for the evening. Amidst all the dancing and frivolity, Padma managed to wrench Ron towards her sister, the pair of them smiling and embracing, Padma excusing them to the bathroom in order to fix their make-up, a thinly veiled opportunity for Padma to complain about her rigid and frozen date. Ron breathed deeply as the pair left, Harry reclined on a chair with a smug grin on his face, knowing exactly what was going to come out of Ron's mouth before he even knew, making Harry chuckle silently inside. "Bloody hell. She keeps talking to me," Ron stammered, ripping his bonnet of and tossing to one side, pulling his jacket off and breathing heavily as if he had just dodged Voldemort in the corridor. Flopping back in his seat, he turned to Harry for sympathy, but found nothing of the sort. "Heaven forbid," Harry laughed, looking at the dancers, rubbing themselves up against one another, trying their best to score that evening. There were a few notable stranglers, people on the outskirts of the hall, not dancing with anyone and keeping to themselves. One of which was Katie, who was propped up against the wall, a smirk on her face as she watched everyone else dancing. "And wanting to dance. She keeps touching my arm and being weird. I can't keep doing this Harry," Ron said hopelessly, drawing Harry's attention away from Katie and then pointing towards the dancers. Confused, Harry looked into the middle, his eyes widening as he laid eyes on what Ron was horrified to see, "Blimey… look at that." Hermione was having the time of her life. The evening was magical in a sense. The dancing, frivolity. Being dressed up and practically being a completely different person. Following her encounter with Luna and Ginny, this turned out to be the perfect place to exercise her new-found confidence. She had her arms around Krum, dancing erotically with him, grinding her body up against him, her arse planted firmly on his crotch as she bent behind herself, grinning his face wildly. Even Krum was taken aback by her forwardness, but certainly wasn't complaining. Dropping his hand to her waist, he gently guided her backwards, his hard cock grinding up against her ass, bringing a moan to his lips. Grinning devilishly, he slipped a hand beneath her dress, finding her panty clad arse and gently beginning to pull at her plump flesh. Gasping, Hermione bit her lip, encouraging him to go further as her own cock hardened between her legs, throbbing and begging for release. Suddenly and much to her surprise, Krum hooked his fingers inside her panties, gently pulling them towards the ground, her mouth widening as he pulled them off her legs and brought them up, flashing them in front of her eyes. They were white lace with delicate frills, the most erotic pair she owned, and Krum had just whipped them off in the middle of a dance without anyone noticing. Expecting to have shocked Hermione, Krum was then himself shocked as she took the panties, and stretched them, aiming them towards the stage and expertly pinging them so that they hit the lead singer smack in the face. Turning back to Krum, she gave him a devilish promiscuous smirk before taking him by the hand and running out of the Great Hall, under the judgemental eyes of Ron and the soft smile of Harry. Turning a corner, the pair retreated down a small corridor, both of them laughing as they ground to a halt. "I can't believe you just did that!" Krum laughed as Hermione took his hands into hers, the two gently swinging their arms back and forth as they giggled wildly, their faces going red as they realised just what they had done, "Right in front of everybody. What if someone saw?" "Nobody saw…" Hermione smirked as Krum lowered his hands to her waist, pulling her over to a wall, where he pinned her against the stone, their crotches grinding together as he leant in and captured her lips with his. Kissing passionately, he lifted one of his hands to her breast, gently squeezing her soft mound through her dress, massaging it and bringing a moan to her lips. Pulling her lips away, she spun around, pinning Krum against the wall, reversing their positions before kissing him once again, her hands dropping down to his trousers and gently fondling his cock through his clothing, jerking his shaft back and forth a little clumsily, but enough to bring a moan to his lips. "My turn then…" She purred, kissing down along his neck before sliding down onto her knees, her dress long and bushy enough to hide her freely exposed cock. Checking both ways down the corridor, Hermione felt her heart racing as she prepared to do what she was going to do in a completely public and exposed place. Dumbledore could walk right around the corner and find her down on her knees, sucking a cock and she'd have no excuse. Nothing. And that set her cock on fire. "Here? What if people see?" Krum said nervously, glancing each way before looking down and receiving a lusty grin from his date who couldn't care less. Continuing to massage his cock through his trousers, Hermione slowly began to unbuckle them, the fabric bunching around his knees leaving only his boxers and his hard bulge pressing against the loose fabric. Biting her lips, she leaned forwards and kissed his cock tip through his boxers, bringing a moan to his lips as her hand continued to stroke him through the fabric, pre-cum pooling on his tip as she relished, the thick hardness of his shaft, throbbing in her hand. "Nobody will see…" Hermione smiled, hooking her fingers inside the hem of his boxers and peeling them down over his cock, his shaft springing free and almost hitting her in the face as she gasped excitedly, drawn to his cock like a little slut. Dropping his boxers, she reached both her hands up to his shaft, using both of them to jerk his cock back and forth, twisting her hands to apply more generous and delicious pleasure to his cock, the man moaning as she treated his cock just right. Licking her lips, she made sure they were nice and glossy before lifting herself to his tip, breathing gently against the sensitive flesh, teasing him with how close her sumptuous lips and warm, wet mouth was. Denying him the pleasure for a few seconds more, Hermione conceded her lust to taste his cock overpowering her desires to taunt and tease him. Pressing her lips against the tip of his cock, she made sure to coat her lips in pre-cum making them even glossier than before. Licking her lips and savouring the taste, she swiftly enveloped his cockhead, her surroundings slowly melting away as she focussed on the thick, throbbing cock in front of her. With the tip in her mouth, she relished the taste, her tongue dancing back and forth across the sensitive flesh lapping at every delicious, glossy dribble of pre-cum he offered her. Moaning softly around his cock, the vibrating hum sent a quiver of delicious pleasure reverberating through his cock, subsequently bringing a deep throaty groan to his lips as his hand dropped and gently wove its way through her neatly preened hair. Taking the hint, she adjusted her position so that she was sliding down onto his cock instead of towards and slowly began to push her lips down his shaft. Breathing slowly, she fed inch after inch into her mouth until his tip prodded uncomfortably against the back of her throat, begging for access, but her body promptly denying it. Stopping herself from gagging, Hermione held her lips in place, breathing slowly through her nose, the lustful challenge of plunging her throat swiftly down onto his cock taunting and teasing her, egging her on. Her tongue continued to move back and forth, circling around his cock and lubing the next inch up for her to make it easier. Pushing downwards, she felt her throat tighten, spasming as she tried to take more of his shaft. Not wanting to give up, she breathed deeply and tried again, her throat simply not allowing it. Groaning annoyedly around his cock, she started to pull her lips lovingly along his cock, the imprint of her pink lipstick shining on his cock, taunting her as if to say she wasn't good enough to swallow more. Bobbing her head up and down the first four inches of his cock, she built up a steady and easy rhythm, Krum not liable to complain considering that he had a gorgeous woman suckling on his cock like a hungry animal. Dragging her lips up and down, she got herself into a calm mindset, her lips gliding easily over his saliva slick flesh, her eyes rolling closed as she savoured the small amount of his length that she could manage. But as she slid her lips downwards and as the tip bounced against the back of her throat, she forced herself to swallow, her throat opening up and accepting three more inches of Krum's delicious cock, her eyes flying open partly due to shock and partly due to a perverse pride that emboldened her, her mind congratulating her as her throat spasmed, gagged and rejected the cock, trying desperately to force her to pull away despite all her naughty intentions. With seven of Krum's ten inches lodged in her throat, her body desperately trying to make her pull back, Hermione steeled herself, trying her best to calm her pulsating throat as saliva poured down his shaft, her throat gagging and spluttering. Krum moaned pleasurably, his knees sinking ever so slightly as the young girl swallowed a hefty portion of his cock, her throat dancing delightfully around his cock, adding to the pleasure. Holding her throat there, Hermione mitigated the involuntary spasms her throat was offering, her mind hellbent on taking the last three inches into her throat. Shifting her lips forwards slightly, she felt her throat tighten, another gag pushing at her throat. Breathing deeply, she closed her eyes once more and swallowed, forcing her lips down until they were pressed against something, his pubic hair brushing against her nose as her lips were sandwiched against her crotch. Silently celebrating, Hermione held herself in place, savouring her triumph before swiftly pulling her lips back along his cock until his shaft left her mouth, the young girl gasping for air as she breathed heavily, her hand continuing to jerk him back and forth. Wiping the spittle away from her chin, she smiled delicately at Krum before lunging back in attacking his cock. Having taken his entire length, Hermione was more focussed on making him cum and the notion that she really wanted to swallow all he could offer instead of spitting it out or being covered in it. Bobbing her head up and down his cock rabidly, she ravished his shaft, plunging her lips eagerly along the first five inches, her throat tolerating that additional inch with little to no resistance, bringing moans of pleasure to both of them, Hermione's cock throbbing, begging for attention that she wasn't going to provide. Yet. Finally, as she pushed her lips down one last time, Krum came, groaning and grunting as her hot, wet mouth milked him dry of all he had. Several long strands of cum spurted down into her throat, the young girl doing her best to swallow diligently. Gagging initially, a small drop leaked out the side of her mouth, but the rest was eagerly devoured, her throat spasming slightly as she continued to jerk him off, milking every delicious drop down into her greedy belly, the young girl savouring the taste. She was surprised it was so pleasing to do so. She was so afraid of throwing up after swallowing it all, but she handled it like a trooper. "You are amazing…" Krum breathed as Hermione rose up to her feet, wiping away a stray dribble of cum and smiling back at him with a glossy, prim and proper smile. No one would have been able to tell what they were doing as Krum pulled his trousers back up and into place, the two taking one another's hands and walking slowly back towards the Ball. "Wait until later. The night has just begun," Hermione smiled delicately, leaning back in and kissing him softly, her lewd demeanour fading away into an elegant softer side. Parting their lips, the pair grinned before breaking in a soft run, laughing as they returned to the Ball. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Maybe you need to be more suggestive?" Parvati smirked as she and her sister entered the bathroom, both of them crossing over to the mirrors and touching up their make-up. Padma had been recounting her many failed attempts at striking up a bare bones conversation. She wasn't thrilled about being paired up with Ron, but figured she might get a decent fuck out of it, only to end up with a brick wall content on trying to ignore her for the evening. "More suggestive? The only way I could be more suggestive would be by stripping naked, bending over and putting up a big sign on my ass saying, I want fucked," Padma complained, causing her sister to scoff loudly, lamenting about how's she got Harry, "How come you got Harry." "Because he asked me. You and Ron were just… additional terms," Parvati smiled, as Padma groaned, sulking audibly. Turning towards her sister and doing her best to comfort her, "Don't worry. He's a guy. You don't exactly have to be subtle. He's not gonna say no to you. Besides, we didn't come here just to shag." "Speak for yourself. You got the one who actually flirts back. Me, it's like grinding against a brick wall," Padma groaned, trying to figure out a plan to woo Ron. Maybe a cheeky flash would get him more in the mood. Or a tactical grope, "You and Harry seem to be getting on." "He doesn't like to dance, but we've talked. Flirted a little," Parvati grinned, knowing that her night hadn't exactly been perfect, but was hardly a travesty. At least when compared to her sister who was having an absolute nightmare, "And who knows, maybe…" "Great… at this rate, I'll be the only one not getting laid… Maybe Ron's gay?" Padma thought, that solution being the only possible reason as to why he was being so obtuse. Suddenly, the pair's conversation was halted, a soft audible groan coming from one of the bathroom stalls, followed by gentle slapping sounds and hushed moans. Intrigued, the two siblings crossed over to the cubicle, peering in through the crack and being shown a rather delicious sight, hidden away inside the stall. There were three people. Fred and George were two of them. George was bent over, the demure and sultry figure of Angelina Johnson standing behind him, her mammoth cock sliding in and out of George's tight arse with ease, the girl almost hammering the boy's arse. Much to Padma and Parvati's surprise, he was moaning lustily, pushing his arse back onto the thick intruder, moaning and groaning, begging for more. Something Angelina was eager to provide. Fred however, was crouched down behind Angelina, his face planted firmly in between her cheeks, his tongue delving into her arse, her bum pushing back and smothering his face with every thrust she made. "Salt to the wound…" Padma sighed as the two siblings turned towards the door. Smirking, Parvati grabbed her sister's shoulder and forced her up against the wall, her hand sliding up Padma's thigh and wrapping around her thick, hardened cock. Jerking her sister off, Parvati leaned in and kissed her sister their tongue battling passionately as they grinded their bodies together, Parvati's hand speeding up and down her sister's shaft. "It's not all about getting laid," Parvati purred, nibbling her sister's neck as her other hand fondled Padma's breast through her dress, "Besides… If Ron is stupid enough to not want to fuck you. You can join me and Harry. We'd love to have you sandwiched between our cocks. Or, later, me and you can spend all night fucking each other, pounding our tight holes again… and again… and again…" Smirking, Parvati slipped her hand out from underneath her sister's dress, lifting her fingers up to her lips and slowly and seductively licking the pre-cum from each digit. Striding slowly towards the door, Parvati hiked up her dress, flashing her sister her pert, Indian bum cheeks before returning to the ball, her dress falling back into place. Chuckling to herself, Padma quickly followed her, leaving the other set of Twin's and their fellow companion to themselves, the three off them opening the door to the stall and shuffling out, tired of the cramped quarters. Fred's tongue left Angelina's ass briefly, prompting her to reach around behind her and plant his lips firmly back in place. Grabbing her cheeks, her spread them wider, his tongue darting across her hole as she thrust forwards and backwards. Struggling to keep up with her movements, Fred did his best to coat her hole in saliva, his tongue tracing every wrinkle and sumptuous portion of her flesh, dancing back and forth across her tight, chocolatey hole, his tongue lavishing and relishing each fleeting touch. Moaning into her bum, he held her hips, waiting for her to pull out of his brother before plunging his tongue deep inside her, eliciting a deep throaty groan from the black girl as she halted her thrusts and simply savoured the pleasure of having his tongue in her bum. George groaned, a little disappointed she had stopped her thrusts, but somewhat relieved to have a moment of slower pace. Taking the movements into his own hands, he pushed his arse back onto her cock, feeling his hole stretch and flex around the base of her cock, her balls slapping his softly. Slowly, George began to pull himself of her cock, using the stall door to steady himself as he drew his hips slowly forwards until only the tip remained inside him. Savouring the emptiness of his arse, George slowly eased himself back, treating Angelina to a slower pace fuck, something she appreciated and simply allowed to happen to her. Standing in place, she rested her hands-on George's hips, simply guiding him, but not slamming him back and forth, allowing most of his deep, pleasurable movements to entirely voluntary as the two gently smacked against one another. Bouncing back and forth against her cock, George groaned, her fat cock always excellent at massaging his prostate and eliciting waves of delicious pleasure. Instead of Angelina's usual hard shallow thrusts, George opted for long deep ones, drawing her cock out of him until only the tip remained before slowly sliding back down, grinding his little bubble butt against her crotch, the pair of them groaning in unison as the slower pace made their bodies flood with unusual pleasure. Dropping a hand beneath him, Angelina wrapped her hand around George's cock, pulling him upwards so that her breasts were sandwiched against his shoulders, her lips nibbling at his neck as she began to jerk him off, resuming control of her tight, little arse, returning to her hard-shallow thrusts, the pair moaning into each other's mouths as they brought one another closer to their orgasms. For the brief window of time when Angelina halted her thrusts, Fred was allowed unrestricted access to her tight bum hole. Normally she didn't really enjoy having cock inside her arse meaning that she was delectably tight, his tongue struggling to worm its way deeper into her relatively untouched rear end. Spreading her cheeks wider, Fred did his best, diving deeper and deeper, the soft impact of George pushing back against Angelina plunging his tongue slightly further inside. Enough for both of them to moan loudly, the humming vibrations sweeping through Angelina's arse. Desperately trying to find her sensitive spot, Fred darted his tongue back and forth covering every inch of her tight inside, relishing the delicious taste as her bum cheeks smothered his cheeks, burying him in the glorious mounds of soft, chocolaty flesh. But as Angelina pulled George backwards onto her cock, her thrusts resuming, Fred's tongue became an object for Angelina to push back on and derive more pleasure from her thrust. Dropping his hands from her bum, he dropped them down to his shaft, gently jerking himself off, whilst the other hand slipped between her taut thighs and wrapped around her balls, gently massaging them, applying more pleasure and bringing her closer to her end. Everytime she pulled out of George, Fred's tongue was plunged deep inside her rectum, meaning she was constantly swarmed with pleasure, her moans becoming louder and louder as she Inched ever closer to an orgasm. Pulling her cock out of George's arse, she pushed him forwards slightly and planted her cock In between his plump ass cheeks, thrusting a few more times before spurting her orgasm out and across his back. Cumming hard, she sent several long strands up and along his back as he moaned. Her hand was still busy working across his cock, his orgasm coming swiftly after, cum pouring out of his tip and showering the floor beneath him. Moaning in unison, they both milked every last drop of their cum out of their cocks, before staggering away, Angelina's hand latching onto her cock and coaxing it back to hardness, turning towards Fred with a smile on her face, "Right… Swap over boys…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "I just… I wanted to take our relationship further. Maybe I should have just… talked to him. But he… I don't know," Ginny sighed as she and Neville slowly strolled back towards the courtyard. As the Ball began to simmer down, the slower paced music taking over, couples slowly losing themselves in conversation or peeling away to seek a more private setting, the pair took a small walk around the open parts of the castle. Subconsciously, her conversation turned back towards Harry, and Neville ever the gentleman listened patiently, eagerly almost. It became clear to him that they were simply friends, not that he assumed anything more than that. He was to have her accompanying him regardless and frankly their less romantic evening had offered more enjoyment and simplistic friendly companionship. Something the pair of them both needed at that moment. "Maybe. Seems like you two were really quite close," Neville said, trying his best to be helpful and offer up some sound advice. Unfortunately, love was a topic he wasn't exactly brilliant at and in truth he was somewhat lacking when it came to romanticism. The intimacies of a relationship were lost on Neville, not that he desperately wanted a girlfriend. From the way Ginny was making it out, it sounded like a hefty amount of work. "We are. Things just kind of spiralled out of control," Ginny smiled, the pair of them falling into silence with Ginny quickly realising that she was complaining a lot, "I'm really sorry. I've spent most of the night complaining about Harry to you. You don't need to hear that." "It's alright. It was quite nice to just talk. It was a little weird you were complaining about him in the broom cupboard though. Whilst we were… you know…" Neville answered honestly. Off all the things that happened that evening, him being on his knees sucking her cock wasn't the weirdest part in all honesty. It was the fact she was lamenting to him about her boyfriend. "Oh my god… I'm sorry. I can't believe I did that. I was just… I shouldn't have even done that. I can't believe I made you…" Ginny groaned, burying her head in her hands as she realised exactly what it must have seemed like. Her emotions were running high watching Harry and Parvati. That combined the romantic nature of the Ball had swept her up in wild, emotional ride. "It's alright, don't worry. I really enjoyed it. Even if it was just a one of thing, you know. As friends," Neville smiled, gently rubbing her arm to comfort her as the pair arrived back at the carriages. A couple of them were noticeably rocking back and forth, bringing a soft smirk to their pairs eyes as they imagined just what was happening in them. Not only that, but it brought an idea to Ginny's mind. "I'll make this up to you…" Ginny smirked, her emotions taking over as she grabbed his hand and dragged him towards one of the carriages. Clambering up to the window, she checked it was empty before opening the door and ducking inside, Ginny pushing Neville back into the seat, a massive grin on her face as his eyes widened. "You don't have to… really… I mean…" Neville said, watching as Ginny closed the door and stood in the middle of the carriage, reaching behind herself and slowly unzipping her dress. As the fabric began to loosen, it peeled forwards revealing her creamy white shoulders before dropping entirely to the ground. Her soft, plump breasts bounced free, her nipples rock hard from the cold wintery weather, a promiscuous and sultry smile on her face as she revealed her body to Neville. She was wearing only a pair of tight pink panties, a sight Neville had already seen, but not combined with her current state of undress. Her breasts were soft and perfectly formed in his opinion and the forwardness of the young girl relegated Neville's words to simply, "Oh my…" "Would you do the honours?" Ginny asked, hooking her thumb inside her panties and playfully pinging it against her skin as she came closer to Neville, lifting his hands up to her hips and biting her lip. She and Harry had always discussed how open their relationship was and whilst she and Harry were obviously on a hiatus, why shouldn't she have fun. Besides, Harry would have probably been alright with it even if they were still going out, considering her opinion on him and Katie. Even though a part of her was angry at Harry, she still found herself justifying it in her mind, desperate to not indulge purely out of spite. Grinning and succumbing to the moment, Neville let her drop her hands away, hooking his fingers inside her panties and gently caressing her soft, pale, creamy skin. His previous encounter was very limited at least in how he interacted with her and simply running his hands along her hips was enough to make him want to moan. Slowly, he peeled her panties down, noticing how the fabric caught sexily in her bum crack, Neville having to wriggle her panties slightly to free it, her arse jiggling slightly in response. Peeling the fabric away from her cock, Neville watched it spring free, already intimately acquainted with her thick throbbing shaft and her heavy pair of balls, already full after a night of sumptuous dancing. Dropping the panties, Neville watched her slowly step out of them, kicking the garment across the carriage, before inching closer to him. Neville leant forwards, wrapping his hand around the base of her cock and gently jerking her back and forth. Moving to open his lips and envelop her cock once again, Neville was surprised as Ginny pushed him back against the carriage seat, pulling his hand away from her cock despite the delicious pleasure it was bringing her. Pinning his hands up behind his back, she straddled his waist, dropping her hips and grinding her arse against his cock, feeling it prod against her bum, already hard, throbbing and begging to be released. Confused as to what she was doing, Neville was silenced as she softly purred. "Not this time. It's your turn. Repayment for our… onetime thing," Ginny smiled, lifting a finger up to his lips and silencing him. Smiling, Ginny began to grind her arse up against his crotch, moaning loudly as she did so, throwing her hair back seductively as one of her hands reached up and grabbed her breast, gently squeezing it. Her intention was to give Neville a sultry and seductive lap dance, but she wasn't entirely sure what to do. Moving her bum back and forth she felt his cock throbbing beneath her, hardening as she moved her body seductively, shifting back and forth as if she was actually riding his cock. Taking his hands in her hands, she planted them on her hips, letting him guide her as she shifted up and down, grinding against his cock, which was begging to be released. Guiding his hands around to her plump bum, she let him paw and pull softly at her arse as she gently jiggled, her cheeks softly clapping together in his hands. Pulling his hands away, she guided them around to her front, lifting them to her breasts and letting him play with them. They were so soft in his hands, almost melting through his fingers as he gently squeezed them, her nipples prodding and poking in his palms, his gentle movements rubbing the sensitive nubs back and forth, bringing a moan to Ginny's lips. Leaning forwards, she trailed a line of kisses down along his chest, across his stomach and down to his crotch, where her hands latched onto the sizable bulge pushing up against his trousers. It was definitely meaty, throbbing in her hands, a surprising length for such a squat boy. Rubbing his cock through his trousers, she found his tip and gently planted a soft kiss on it, pressing through the fabric and eliciting a soft moan of timid pleasure from the boy as he stared down at the gorgeously sexy redhead playing and teasing his cock. Giving it a few more quick rubs, she lifted her hands to his zipper, slowly peeling it downwards, before tugging his trousers down around his ankles. Her eyes widened as she saw the bulge pressing tightly against his boxers. Just from the initial glance, it looked bigger than any other she had seen, the tip almost pushing out of his underwear of its own accord. Hooking her fingers inside his boxers, she gently peeled it down over his cock, her mouth falling open slightly as she laid eyes on the entirety of his shaft, thick, throbbing and enticingly long. Of course, Neville Longbottom had one of the biggest cocks in the year. Standing tall at twelve inches, it tied with Angelina and Fleur for the largest in the school and was the biggest Ginny had laid eyes on without the magical aid of the Ring. His cock flopped down against his thigh, his tip glossy with pre-cum and bulbous. Ginny's hands quickly wrapped around it, marvelling at how large and juicy it was in her hand, her hands gliding up and down his length with an eager and lustful smile on her face. The only thing that was reassuring her about it's length was that it was bearably thin. In comparison to the ring it was incredibly thin, making it easier to imagine sliding in and out of her. Licking her lips, she rose to her feet, turning around and laying his cock up against his stomach. Gently lowering her arse, she slid the shaft up between her cheeks, the shaft grazing against her tight arsehole as she gently resumed her clumsy, but erotic enough lap dance. Sliding her ass up and down his cock, she essentially began jerking him off with her bum cheeks, his hands tentatively lifting themselves to her hips guiding her soft and gentle grinding movements up and down. Forcing her bum down more, she made sure to get her movements low and deep, making sure as much of his cock was sandwiched between her comparatively pert bum cheeks. Moaning loudly as his cock rode up against her arsehole, Ginny couldn't help but imagine just how pleasurable it would be to have his shaft inside her. Even if it hurt at first, it would fill her to the brim with deliciously palpable pleasure. Lifting her hips, she angled his cock so that it slid between her thighs, her bum resting on Neville's stomach as her cock and his cock were pressed tightly together. Wrapping both her hands around his cock, she jerked him of furiously, slowly dribbling mouthful after mouthful of saliva down to his cock, her hands making sure to lube it to a glossy and delicious shimmer. Gently rubbing the head of his cock, she watched as pre-cum seeped out of his tip, dribbling down his shaft and mingling with the saliva she was so dutifully smearing across his length. When she was satisfied with the lubrication, she surprised even herself by lifting her hips upwards, Neville's eyes widening as he realised what was about to happen. His encounter with Parvati ended up with him bent over so he had never experienced the pleasure of having someone's arse wrapped tightly around his cock. Lifting herself so that she was hovering above his massive length, she had to bend her neck to the side so that she could rest atop the tip. Pressing his massive, bulbous, pulsating cockhead against her tight hole, Ginny took a deep breath before slowly easing herself downwards, trying to find the right angle, but not quite being able to fit it. Relaxing as much as possible, she found the angle, her asshole giving away ever so slightly, the very tip of his cock starting to pry her rosebud apart, easing itself inside her tight ass. Breathing in sharply, she felt her hole loosen enough to allow the tip inside her, her ring clamping down around the tip as she was stretched to new lengths, her body aching slightly, but the promise of pleasure became stronger, spurring her on to ease downwards a little more. Slowly but surely, her arsehole parted and eagerly enveloped the rest of his cock, her bum sliding slowly downwards, peeling apart as each delectably delicious inch of his thick throbbing shaft plunged deeper and deeper inside her. Neville looked on in vapid lust as the thin, sexy redhead eased her tight arse down around his cock, her lips parted in a permanent lustful moan of pleasure. Unsure as to what he should do with his hands, he nervously placed them on her hips, breathing heavily as he started ease her further down, his massive length finding it's way easily into her arse. Despite his length, the width was where the true trouble lay. It took her a moment, but she easily adjusted to the width that was stretching her hole ever so painfully. But with a few minutes of pleasurable and slow movements, Ginny finally pressed her ass against his legs, his cock lodged entirely inside her pert derriere, pleasure cascading through both their bodies as they savoured one another for a moment. Groaning in satisfaction, Ginny was eager to ride his mammoth cock for all it was worth. It was a touch too big for her tastes, but that didn't change the waves of pleasure that were flooding her body as his cock grazed new and exciting portions of her hole. Lifting her hips slowly upwards, Ginny pulled a couple inches out of her hole before slowly and clumsily easing back down, using a couple inches as practice, slowly growing quicker and quicker as her arse began to loosen considerably. Her soft and deep bouncing caused the carriage to shake ever so slightly with each rippling movement. Her prostate was swimming in incredible pleasure pushing her towards her orgasm swiftly, despite having only been impaled for a few minutes. The length and brilliance of such a large shaft was bringing her closer and closer to cumming wildly, despite her previous orgasm earlier that night. Bouncing harder and harder, Ginny milked every morsel of pleasure from every long, pulsating inch as it buried itself deep inside. Neville's cock was in a world of pleasure. Pleasure he had never felt before. Sure, when he and Parvati had a brief encounter, she gave him a small blowjob, but having his shaft lodged in a tight, eager and frankly sumptuously silky arsehole was something else entirely. Not only that, the bum he was buried in belonged to the hottest redhead in the school. Getting into it, Neville began to pull her down onto his cock, inching his cock slightly deeper as he forcefully plunged her down on himself. Ginny didn't care he was using her like that. The deeper angle gave her more pleasure as his fat cock ground up against her prostate, dribbles of incredible pleasure pouring along her body as she finally hit that sumptuous familiar feeling, her balls tightening and her cock twitching. She came first. And hard. Spurting cum across the carriage as her arse spasmed and clenched around Neville's cock, inadvertently setting his orgasm off. Being polite, Neville did his best to pull his cock out of her arse, knowing from certain muggle media that some girls weren't massive fans of being pumped full of cum. Even though it would ultimately be inconsequential. A single strand spurted inside her before he wormed his cock out, angling it down onto the floor so as to not sully Ginny's body to much. In unison, they both groaned audibly, their hands speeding back and forth across their shafts as they drained themselves dry, Neville's orgasm being comparatively bigger considering he had built it up along an entire evening of attempted intimate romanticism. Suddenly, the door was wrenched open, a figure standing his face shrouded in darkness startling the pair of them. Leaping away from Neville, Ginny tried desperately to find her dress, but in the panic, couldn't lay her hands on it, only able to grab her thin, delicate panties. Trying to hide her throbbing length with a tiny swatch of lace, she watched as the person lent into the carriage and sneered in an all too familiar raspy drawl, "Weasley… Longbottom… I would expect better of both of you…" Professor Snape glared at them both as he gestured for them to both leave the carriage. Blushing red, Ginny turned to look for her dress, but couldn't find it, instead being ordered by Snape firmly, "Out! The carriages are not for your promiscuity. Back to your dormitories swiftly. If I find you anywhere other than there, you will spend the rest of the year in detention. Go…" Lucky to have her shoes, Ginny bolted for the shelter of the nearest corridor, ducking inside and doing her best to hide her modesty. Pulling her panties up over her cock, she couldn't quite stuff her erection inside. Luckily, Neville had already pulled of his jacket, pulling it around her shoulders, but barely being able to hide her body, "We can't head back to the common room like this. Everyone will… see you?" "Who said anything about the common room?" Ginny smiled, grabbing his hand and pulling alongside her, the pair running through the castle hurriedly, Neville checking corners to make sure no one would see Ginny in her dire state of undress. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Harry!" Parvati smiled as Harry rounded the corner, taken aback by the happy chirping girl. She and Padma were standing outside the entrance to the Great Hall, the music dribbling out of the room becoming slow and romantic, couples slowly walking out of the room and drifting away into the castle. Harry had been walking around, through the rows of carriages when Professor Snape interrupted Ginny and Neville, tossing them out of the carriage, Ginny in a rather drastic state of undress, her breasts and arse bouncing around as she and her date fled. "Shall we have some drinks? Somewhere a little more… private?" Parvati smiled, two drinks in her hand an eager smile on her face. A little taken aback by the provocation, Harry glanced into the party and saw very little going on and considering his fleeting insight into Ginny's evening a drink along in a dark classroom sounded agreeable. "Eh… sure…" Harry smiled politely, taking one of the drinks. It was the same punch they had all been drinking that evening and was nothing special. However, the invite to go somewhere more private by a stunning teenage girl was a little more interesting. Parvati took his arm and slowly led him away towards a classroom, Parvati already having sought one out when Harry disappeared. On an evening with such excitable emotions, it was difficult to find an empty room. Turning as she went, Parvati offered Padma a wink as she disappeared around the corner, her twin sister groaning annoyedly. "Where are they off to?" Ron asked, sauntering out of the main hall, somewhat chirpier as the evening slowly came to an end. Meaning to come find Harry, he was a little disappointed as he saw him walking away with Parvati, leaving Ron alone with Padma yet again, subjecting him to more mindless pleasantries and awkward silence. "They are off to fuck…" She said bitterly and bluntly, seeing no need to hide the fact and silently hoping that her more forward and unedited nature would suddenly cause it to click in Ron's head. Unlucky for her, he still didn't quite understand her intentions for the evening. "Really? Blimey…" Ron said, somewhat proud of his friend for getting laid this evening, silently wishing that he had just as much luck, not knowing how egregious such a statement would be to the girl standing next to him. Turning towards her, he shivered and suggested, "It's a bit cold out here. Can we go back to the hall?" "You really are thick?" Padma groaned, that being the straw that broke the camel's back. Turning straight towards him, she grabbed his cheeks roughly and pulled his face down his, roughly kissing him, yet with an air of passion. Dispelling with the subtly, she darted her tongue in and out of his mouth, before pulling away, receiving a startled and surprised look from the boy. Silently grinning inside, she grabbed his hand and dragged the redhead swiftly away, her intentions never clearer than they were in that moment, "Now come on…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Come on, Roger… Mon ami… Rapide," Fleur smiled, grabbing Roger's hand and pulling the man through the castle. As they wove through the many carriages, Fleur led him down one of the smaller corridors and out into the main courtyard. Confused, Roger followed the girl, his eyes focussed lustily on her bouncing bum, her extremely tight dress acting as a second skin and not hiding anything. He couldn't help but remark to himself that she may as well not have been wearing a dress at all as every curve and sumptuous piece of her arse was delicately framed by her dress, her thong not even showing through the thin fabric as it was so far tucked between her plump, perfect bum cheeks. "Erm, where are we going Fleur?" Roger asked, giddy that she was leading him to a secluded spot and that he was going to get to fuck one of the hottest women he had ever seen. Fantasising the entire evening, he couldn't tell you how many times he had envisioned sinking his cock into her tight little arse. Little did he know Fleur wasn't the kind of person to bend over and let anyone fuck her. And she had a far more sumptuous plan envisioned for her date. "Mon ami, c'est un secret," Fleur purred, letting go of his hand and darting ahead, leading him across the courtyard and down the long winding stairs to the boathouse. Glancing behind herself, she smirked at him before inching further and further ahead, Roger too enthralled by her body to keep up. Fleur ducked into the boathouse, disappearing from Roger's sight. Turning the corner inside, Roger was met with an astounding sight. There was a large blue silk blanket laid out across the stone, a large fire burning in a large iron sconce, casting a bright light across the room. Fleur was standing over the towel, but Roger's eyes -for the first time that evening- were drawn to another lady. A petite, blonde woman, a near identical replication of Fleur, but smaller and younger was laid sprawled across the blanket, yet decidedly more unclothed. She was naked, her burgeoning, blossoming, tiny teen tits exposed for all to see, her hand lazily stroking back and forth across her thick cock, biting her lip as she eyed Roger up, inspecting him so to speak. "I share everything avec ma soeur," Fleur smiled, unzipping the back of her dress and letting Gabrielle climb to her feet and help her older sister out of her clothing. Peeling the dress away from her sister's chest, Gabrielle revealed her sister's soft plump breasts, her nipples erecting as soon as the cool, chilly air hit her tits. Dropping the dress, Fleur stepped out of it and allowed her sister to peel her panties away, giving Roger a full view of Fleur's thick, bulging cock already hard and ready for action, "What do you think?" "I think that is fantastic!" Roger grinned, quickly ripping his jacket off and tossing it to one side. Undoing his trousers, he dropped them to the ground, his six-inch cock bouncing free before he started to slowly unbutton his shirt, his eyes swiftly returning to the two gorgeous blonde bombshells standing naked in front of him. "I was not talking to you, mon ami," Fleur smiled, walking forwards and striding slowly around behind Roger, hooking her fingers beneath his shirt and swiftly tearing it off his body, dropping the shredded garment to the ground and starting to ogle his naked body as her sister strode slowly forwards. "Mmm… C'est bon, ma soeur… Mmm… a little small, but zat won't be a problem," Gabrielle purred, reaching down and grasping his cock, gently inspecting it before letting it fall and eyeing up the rest of him. He was pretty standard, but enjoyable enough for the eye. And perfectly serviceable for her sister and hers needs, "On your knees, monsieur… rapide…" "Eh… Fleur, I thought because I… you know in the bathroom that maybe, you know you could. And your sister. I mean incest is wincest, right?" Roger smiled, his mind instantly running to a double blowjob. With two smoking hot blonde sisters. "Mon ami? What is my name?" Gabrielle purred, resting her hands on his shoulder and gently pushing him down onto his knees, smiling as he looked at her vapidly, "You don't know? But ma soeur must 'ave told… We're you not listening? Zen open wide, mon ami…" Gabrielle leaned forwards and pressed the tip of her cock against Roger's lips, his mouth swiftly peeling open and allowing her to slide deep inside, the young girl moaning as her shaft was lodged in a tight, warm, rather inexperienced mouth. Lucky for her, she didn't need experienced people. Just willing ones. Wrapping her hands through his mop of hair, she took a firm grip on his head, holding him in place and slowly thrusting forwards, inch after inch sliding deep into his mouth, his eyes widening as he realised he was at the mercy of the two sumptuous babes before him, his cock subconsciously twitch at the prospect. As anyone's would. The tip of her cock prodded the back of his throat, begging entrance, entrance that Gabrielle was not going to wait to enjoy. Keeping her pace strong and true, she forced her hips forwards, applying harder and harder pressure to his throat until she burst through, sinking every inch of her delicious cock into his tight, spasming throat. Lifting his hands to push softly against the young girl's legs, Roger had his hands sharply slapped by Fleur who tutted loudly as she circled around, her thick, mammoth cock bouncing with each seductive step she took. "Non, non, non… You only touch when we say you can touch, like zis. You can touch my cock, mon ami. Non, you must touch my cock, mon ami," Fleur purred, biting her lip as Roger succumbed to their allure, reaching out with his hand and slowly jerking back and forth across her cock, completely at their mercy as Gabrielle savoured the tight depths of his throat. Leaning down, Fleur kissed Gabrielle passionately on the lips, their tongues battling whilst Gabrielle slowly started to thrust back and forth, gently fucking Roger's tight, little throat. Pulling her lips away from her sister's Gabrielle stared deep into her eyes, giving her a long lustful stare, a stare that made Roger's cock twitch between his legs. They were sisters and they were snogging. He never thought that he would be into that, but he was so into that. Speeding up her thrusts, Gabrielle started to hammer into his mouth, her small balls smacking against his chin as her cock became glossy and slick, Roger's saliva dribbling along her shaft as she fucked his throat with short, but deep thrusts. Gabrielle's cock wasn't the largest, but she new how to use it. And Roger didn't yet know just how happy he'd be that she wasn't that big. His hand continued to move clumsily up and down Fleur's cock, his eyes glancing to her shaft as it loomed beside him. Pre-cum began to leak from her tip as he jerked his hand back and forth. Dribbling a mouthful of spit down onto her shaft, she lubricated his jerking hand, but still wasn't satisfied with his handjob, his hand too clumsy and imprecise. At least he knew what he was doing when he was licking her arse. It was like he had never touched a cock before. "He iz good at taking orders. C'est merveilleux. Ma soeur, see if you can't loosen his throat a little…" Gabrielle purred, running her hand along Fleur's bum, leaning in and planting a soft kiss on her buxom breast as she savoured her last few quick thrusts into Roger's clutching throat. Pulling out, she breathed sharply as her saliva slick cock was bitten by the cool, sharp air. Dropping her own hand to her cock, she gently jerked herself back and forth, moaning as she strode around behind Roger, eyeing up his plump, fleshy bum, a smirk etching itself across her face as she sank to her knees behind him. "Eh… What's she doing?" Roger asked, a little taken aback by her movement behind him. He had never taken a cock in his arse and whilst Gabrielle was quite small, he was still relatively unsure about having someone fuck him there. Especially whilst Fleur and her thick cock was looming ever closer in front of him, about to be access to his throat, a throat that was relatively inexperienced. "She is about to fuck you. Iz zat a problem?" Fleur smirked, crouching down and taking his chin in her fingers, a devilish smile etched across her beautiful face, a smile that almost enthralled Roger enough to simple allow what was happening to happen without question. "I thought that… maybe I'd be the one to do… to do, you know? The fucking?" Roger stammered as Gabrielle inched closer to his bum, her hands reaching down to peel his cheeks apart as she and Fleur shared a lusty smirk, both of them roaring with laughter inside. "My birthday? What is it?" Fleur asked, having told Roger many times that evening her birthday and inquiring several times to a vapid response, as to what his birthday was. Roger stared at her dumbly, realising his folly that evening. Before he could even stammer an attempt, Fleur rose to her feet and pressed the fat tip of her cock against his lips, smiling as she said, "Zen I think we shall do ze fucking… If you do not mind…" Dutifully parting his lips, he conceded, parting his lips and enveloping the tip of her fat cock, his lips spreading widely across her shaft as he opened as wide as possible. Moaning softly as he clamped down around her cock, Fleur slowly pushed forwards, adopting the same strong and purposeful movements her sister employed, her cock slipping deeper inside until it hit the back of his throat. Identically to her sister, she pushed forwards, not halting until he swallowed, her cock slipping inside his throat. Gagging and spluttering, he instinctively lifted his hands to push against her thigh, but quickly stopped himself, receiving a stern look from Fleur as she continued to thrust forwards. With the tip of her cock inside his throat, there was very little stopping her as she eased inch after inch into his tight, clutching almost eager mouth, his lips gliding delicately across her sumptuous shaft, moans dribbling constantly out of her mouth. It took a bit, but eventually, his lips were stretching deliciously around the base of her thick shaft, her cock plunged into yet another deep and sumptuous throat, her balls smacking gently against his chin. There was just something so pleasing about being balls deep. Sure, it was pleasurable in the obvious state of the word, but it was simply so satisfying to have such a well-rounded pleasure plunged upon her cock. It was so warming and wholesome. Savouring the sensation, she ground his lips firmly against her crotch, moving her cock around his throat as he gagged and spluttered, keeping his hands to himself as he allowed his throat to be used as a toy, silently hoping that his obedience would earn him a silky blowjob from the two sisters, a prospect that was slowly dwindling in probability. Letting go off his head, Fleur smiled, a perverse plan forming in her mind. Allowing him the freedom to slide his lips of her cock, she watched as he dragged his mouth slowly back along her shaft, eager to take an unobstructed breath, but was quickly halted in his plan as she stared at him sternly. Holding himself in place, Roger felt his throat beg and plead for relief, every bone in his body pleading with him to pull his lips away. Yet his mind was clear, his thoughts focussed on that perverse sense of hope. That hope that he might get the blowjob he so desired. Breathing in through his nose, he forced himself forwards, his throat fighting him as he gagged and spluttered, spewing mouthfuls of saliva all across her cock as he choked. Focussing on his breathing, he closed his eyes, feeling his throat opening and accepting every inch of his cock. The saliva he left on his first plunge aided him slightly as his throat spasmed wildly. Stopping half way, he looked up at her, her soft features plunged into a sexy and alluring moan, spurring him on. Pulling his lips back slightly, Fleur was confident he had bottled it, retreating. But she smirked as he started to bob his lips back and forth, exercising his throat as he prepared to force the last few inches. Gabrielle was watching from behind, gently massaging his arse whilst one hand steadily jerked herself off, his defiance and lust for her sister's cock almost inspiring her. Taking one last breath, he pushed his lips forwards, forcing the last potion of her cock into his throat, his eyes widening as Fleur grinned. "C'est bon, mon ami. You may touch ma derriere if you like," Fleur smiled, Roger's hands lunging upwards and latching onto her plump behind, pulling and pawing at the soft flesh like an animal. Roughly grasping and playing with her arse, he elicited a giggle from Fleur, as he slowly began to pull his lips off her cock. Much to his surprise, her hand latched onto his head, holding him in place as a smile stretched across her face. She wasn't going to reward him. She had been expecting a night of romance and passion. Instead she got a lapdog drooling Everytime she turned around. He ruined her night, "Allow moi, mon ami…" Thrusting forwards, Fleur buried her cock back in his throat, wrapping her hands through his hair as she softly began to fuck his throat, her balls smacking against his, slick with the saliva that drooled from his mouth, moaning audibly as she did so. Roger's only respite was the fact that he was allowed to hold her bum, a rather illustrious reward. Only, he had had his face buried in it only hours before. Biting her lip, Fleur slowly got her rhythm, gently fucking half her cock in and out, slowly and deeply. Glancing to her sister, she gave Gabrielle a nod, giving her the go ahead to start fucking him. Eager to get started, she pushed forwards, resting the head of her cock against his tight constricted arsehole, his eyes flying open as she began to apply more and more pressure. "Actually, Gabrielle? I think, Roger has earned a very special… fucking? Would you agree, non?" Fleur said, stopping her before she could slide in. Gabrielle's eyes lit up as she realised what her sister was suggesting. Leaping to her feet and clapping her hands together, she couldn't quite believe that she and Fleur were finally going to do it. They had talked about, fantasised about, jerked each other off whilst talking about it, but she never actually thought that they would find someone deserving of such a special treatment. Whilst some would consider it harsh for an anal virgin, Gabrielle didn't think so. Fleur had slipped away from the ball to give Gabrielle the go ahead to set the blanket and brazier up and told her sister about Roger's lack of regard for an actual evening, his mind latched onto lust and lust alone. Sure, maybe it was still harsh. But Gabrielle wanted it badly. "Oh, ma soeur, I could think of nothing better," Gabrielle giggled, walking around and kissing her sister eagerly on the cheek, watching as Fleur slid her cock slowly out of Roger's throat, allowing him a much-needed breather before he stammered the question. "Special fucking? What's that?" Roger spluttered as Fleur waltzed slowly over to the blanket and slid down onto it's silky surface, reclining backwards and holding her cock straight up in the air, as If to imply exactly where Roger would be planting himself. "C'est un secret. Trust me mon ami, it will be like nothing you ever have felt before," Fleur smiled salaciously, jerking her cock steadily back and forth, spreading Roger's spittle liberally up and down her cock. Gabrielle crossed to Roger, helping him graciously to his feet and guiding him over to Fleur, her hand sliding to his cock and jerking him slowly off, a kindness he did not expect. Leaning forwards, Fleur added, a smile on her face, "And if you do not love our special fucking, you can fuck our tight French arse all night long… Agreed?" "Agreed!" Roger said eagerly as Fleur smiled wildly, gesturing towards her cock, not needing to add anything, the implication clear. Breathing deeply, Roger stood astride Fleur, Gabrielle continuing to jerk his cock steadily back and forth, sharing brief, but horny smiles with her sister as Roger slowly crouched down. Fleur's cock grazed against his arse causing him to jump slightly, but Gabrielle's soft, delicate, silky hand wrapped around his cock made it all the better. Resting on his knees, Roger allowed Fleur to adjust her cock so that it sat snugly against his puckered arsehole, the sensation of the fat tip pressed against his rear end making him panic. Breathing slowly, guided by Gabrielle soft hand, Roger slowly slid downwards, her fat head pushing firmly against his arse, forcing him to grimace as he felt himself peel apart and the first inch of her cock thrust into his arse. Gasping, he reached forwards instinctively, his hands grabbing onto Fleur's breasts. Retracting them instantly, he knew he made a mistake, but Fleur only smiled, taking his hands and returning them to the soft globes that were her breasts, the boy breathing heavily as he was allowed to massage and play with such a bountiful, bouncing chest. It wasn't enough to mitigate the pain his ass was being put through, but it was something. Fleur's hands that slid up to Roger's hips and eagerly began to ease him downwards, the blonde girl having to bite her lip to stop herself from moaning, her cock slowly getting plunged into an unbelievably tight arse. It had been a while since she had savoured a virgin ass and it was just as delicious as she remembered, every inch sandwiching her cock immensely tightly, his ring flexing and spasming around her shaft as he grimaced. Suddenly, Roger moaned, fighting against Fleur's steady downward moments, the boy taken aback by the sudden burst of incredible pleasure. The tip of Fleur's cock ground against his prostate, causing his back to arch as the first burst of delicious anal pleasure coursed through his body. It took him by surprise, but surprise that caused him to slowly ease himself downwards, taking his movements into his own hands and causing Fleur to smile, sharing a smirk of admiration with her sister whose hand was still moving up and down his cock, adding to the pleasure the boy was eagerly seeking, lusting after even. It took him a minute or two, but eventually he managed to slide the entirety of her cock inside himself, moaning as a twinge of sharp pain surged through his body briefly, before being drowned out by the pleasure of having his prostate firmly pressed against by such a fat, thick cock. Before Fleur could even start to coax him upwards, he began to move of his own accord, slowly sliding himself up and down, albeit moving only a couple inches in and out of himself, his mind consumed by the incredible new pleasures that were flooding his body. Fleur and Gabrielle couldn't help but giggle as he bounced softly up and down, both of them licking their lips as the best part was yet to come. Gabrielle clapped her hands together, her hand leaving his cock for a second as she happily chirped, "He's a little butt slut!" Roger's eyes flew open, his cheeks beginning to flush red as Gabrielle inadvertently embarrassed him. Sliding downwards, he lodged the entirety of her shaft inside himself, stifling a moan, trying his best to act more stoic and manly. Reaching her hand up to Roger's cheek, Fleur smiled and purred, "We love our little butt slut, mon ami…" "Indeed, we do, mon ami…" Gabrielle purred, pulling Roger's lips around to hers and gently leaning in to kiss him passionately before pulling away and lowering her mouth. Dropping her mouth to Roger's cock, she gently pressed her lips against his tip, flicking her tongue delicately across his tip, savouring the pre-cum that was glossed across her lips, smiling widely before rising to her feet and striding around behind Roger, her lust driving her as she stood behind him, she and Fleur having fantasised so much about this moment. Crouching down behind Roger, she groped his plump bum cheeks, inching her cock towards his stretched arse, a lusty grin on her face as she pressed the tip against his flexing hole, "Let's find out just how much of a butt slut he is indeed…" He barely had time to realise just what she meant by that before she started to push forwards, trying to loosen his arsehole enough to slide inside alongside her sister. His eyes widened as his tight, flexing ring was pushed against, Gabrielle trying her best to find the right angle, but struggling against the unbearable tightness of his hole. Finally, she found some leeway, her cock head slowly sliding forwards until his asshole gave away and the tip of her comparatively smaller cock inched its way inside his already stuffed arse, Roger falling forwards limp, breathing heavily in Fleur's ear as she and Gabrielle shared a sultry wink, the boy trying his best to accommodate both of the sister's shafts. Everything in his body was telling him not to like it, that it was supposed to be painful, yet as she slowly inched inside him, Gabrielle's cock pressed against Fleur's shaft, pushing the fatter cock harder down on his sensitive prostate, milking him for more and more pleasure. It took a couple minutes, but eventually, Gabrielle managed to push forwards and into Roger's arse, moaning loudly as both her and her sister slid balls deep in the same, tight bum, double penetration is sumptuous hole. Burying his head in the crook of her neck, Roger simply allowed it to happen, the two girls the were sandwiching him moaning in unison as his arse tightened immensely around their shafts, the delicious friction of having each other's cocks to slide against adding to the flood of immense pleasure. With his arse full, Fleur couldn't shift her cock in and out, the position being a little too constrictive for that. However, as Gabrielle slowly pulled her cock out, Fleur quickly realised that wouldn't be a problem, her cock being massaged by Gabrielle's shaft as she slowly and subtly began to thrust in and out of the boy's impossibly tight arse. Moaning in unison, the sisters fucked his hole, nothing but soft grunts of pleasure mired amongst pain drifting from Roger's lips as he received the 'special fucking' he had been promised. Silently, even whilst his hole burned with a dull sharp pain, he couldn't ignore the delicious pressure pressed against his prostate as Gabrielle fucked him with long, deep and pleasurable thrusts, sliding her all the way in and all the way out, making sure that both he and her sister savoured every inch of her cock. It felt like she and her sister were jerking their cocks off, sandwiching their shafts together as they did so, only that simple pleasure was amplified by the tight warmth of Roger's tight little arse, spasming and clenching around their cocks, clamping down on their shafts and pushing them tighter together, both sisters able to feel every ridge and vein along each other's cocks. Whilst normally, Gabrielle and Fleur would last a fair while, the intimacy of their position and the sumptuous pleasure of the double penetration was bringing them rapidly to their end. Not to mention that Gabrielle had spent the whole evening on her own, jerking herself in anticipation for her sister's arrival. So, as she thrust forwards, Gabrielle felt her cock spasm and twitch deep inside Roger, just as her sister hit her trigger, the pair of them unloading deep in Roger's ass, nothing but a faint whimper of appreciation coming from his mouth as cum spurted deep into his tight bum. Strand after strand of cum filled his behind, the sisters making sure to unload everything they had, Fleur's load being rather small in comparison due to indulging earlier that evening. Moaning, they felt their cocks begin to soften inside his arse, Gabrielle being the first to pull out, Fleur following suit as she rolled Roger off her and onto the silk blanket, his cock twitching of its own accord, a few meagre dribbles of cum rolling out the tip as he fell instantly asleep, the boy shattered after the treatment his body received. "I guess he will not be fucking our arse all evening, zen?" Fleur purred, wrapping her arm around her sister as the two of them surveyed their handiwork, smirking wildly as they did so. Their fantasy had become a reality and to resounding success. "I am more zan willing to take his place, ma soeur…" Gabrielle murmured, pulling her sisters lips down to her own and stealing a deep and passionate kiss, before gathering her clothing, slowly dressing herself as Fleur did the same, the pair locking arms and striding away, leaving Roger alone, wrapped in a warm silk blanket to recuperate. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "That's a little stronger than I remember…" Harry said, coughing and spluttering as he took a hefty swig of the seemingly innocuous glass of fruit punch, only to be hit with a sharp bitter addition, the lingering burn of alcohol bursting through the fruitiness. Setting the glass down, he coughed, clearing his chest as the brew took him by surprise, Parvati giggling as she delicately sipped at the sweet liqueur. "Well… I may have made some… additions…" Parvati chuckled, reaching beneath her sash, amidst the folds of her dress and plucking a metal hipflask that had been full of Firewhisky. She and Padma had indulged in a few swigs to steel their nerves and give Padma the confidence to deal with Ron. Shaking it back and forth, she winked coyly, "What's life without a little Firewhisky." Harry chuckled, the room falling into silence as she set it aside, neither one wanting to make a move despite them both being silently clear on what was meant by retreating to be alone. Unlike Ron, Harry could take a hint, but didn't exactly have the balls to assume Parvati had the same intentions despite her having been incredibly forwards throughout the entire evening. When it came to actually sealing the deal, she wasn't exactly confident. She got him alone in a classroom, both of them sat on the teacher's desk drinking, but she wasn't entirely sure where to go from there. All though the rising effects of the Firewhisky was giving her a boost. Breaking the silence, Harry asked meekly, "Have you enjoyed yourself?" "Yeah… I suppose. I hoped that would dance a bit more, but… we chatted, drank punch. And you disappeared for half of it," Parvati lamented, a little disappointed that the evening hadn't been the salacious romantic endeavour where she was swept of her feet on a love and passion fuelled night. Although, such aspirations for a High School dance were a bit lofty, "But apart from that, it was nice." "Sorry. This isn't really my… environment," Harry smiled honestly, having been grossly uncomfortable for the entire evening. The flash and elegance were a cut above Harry's jib and he felt incredibly out of place amidst such glossy glamour. Not that anyone actually fitted in with it all. "Yeah, you're more of a dragon fighter than a ballroom dancer," Parvati chuckled, conceding that the notion of a blossoming romantic evening was a bit beyond her, "I get it." "Least I've not been as bad as Ron…" Harry conceded, Parvati chuckling, raising her glass as if to toast to that. Gently snaking her hand forwards, she hooked a single finger of his hand, gently sliding her palm over the back of his hand, her heart racing as she took a bold step forwards. Turning to look at her, Harry felt his heart stop. Despite his rather burgeoning sex life, he still found this a little out of his depth. The whole high school romance thing was kind of taking his by surprise. "It's good Firewhisky," Harry said, lifting the glass to his lips as Parvati pulled back, severing her attempt at a kiss in two as she took her glass in her hand and agreed. "Yeah… very good…" Parvati said, taking a sip, silence falling once more, before Parvati dispelled with the nerves, the Firewhisky guiding her more than anything as she smiled, "It's amazing what a fancy dress, dancing and punch will do to a school. I think I walked in on at least three couples. Going at it… Alone… In a dark classroom…" "Yeah… Everyone's a bit… Eager…" Harry chuckled, agreeing with that assessment wholeheartedly, feeling Parvati's hand drop to his, his gaze turning back towards her as she softly smiled. "We could…" Parvati began, slowly leaning in and attempting to steal a kiss, only to have their moment shattered as the door was kicked in. Gasping, Parvati turned and watched as Ron and her twin sister burst in, their arms wrapped around each other as they kissed passionately, practically ignoring Harry and Parvati. Taken aback by their sudden appearance and the fact that they had suddenly grown intimate after a night of rather poor attempts at flirtation, Harry and Parvati simply watched as they started to pull at each other's clothing, slowly stripping in front of them, tearing at the fabric, causing Parvati to simply announce, "Fuck it." Taking Harry's drink from his hand, she downed it one, the burn of the Firewhisky barely registering as she dropped the glass to the ground before taking her own one. Downing it in one, she tossed it aside before wiping her mouth. Startled, Harry watched as she straddled him, sitting on his lap. Leaning downwards, she pressed her lips passionately against his, the pair finally shrugging away the awkwardness and letting their hands roam across each other's bodies, their tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths, their rapidly hardening cocks, grinding against one another, through the thin fabric of their clothing. Parvati began to instantly pull at Harry's clothing, pulling his jacket away and tossing it to one side as she eagerly kissed him, her hands pulling his tie apart and unbuttoning his shirt. Harry's hands began to move across her body, trying to figure out how to undress her but failing miserably, the intricacies of her clothing being beyond him as he ended up tightening her dress rather than disrobing her. Skilfully undoing his shirt in seconds, she peeled it away before pulling back from Harry and unzipping her dress, allowing him to pull it up over her head, revealing her delicious Indian skin, occluded only by a pair of black silk panties and a matching bra. Leaning back instantly, Parvati kissed, Harry, his hands beginning to work on her bra, nimbly unfastening the garment before dropping down to her panties. Unable to pull them off normally, Harry tore them in two, the girl giggling as her cock bounced free. Padma was getting along swiftly as well. Removing Ron's jacket, she ripped his shirt, not caring about the fabric and simply wanting to get on with this. Unzipping Ron's trousers, she dropped them to the ground, Ron's hands fiddling with her dress and making little progress. Growing impatient, Padma reached up and ripped her dress, implying what she wanted. Ron, finally taking a hint, tore her dress in two, the silky fabric falling to the ground. Sure, it was expensive, but nothing compared to Padma's desire to get fucked. She was wearing an identical set of underwear to her sister only in a striking and seductive red colour. Gripping her underwear, Ron ripped it, her body exposed to the elements, her thick juicy cock bouncing free as she began to get to work on the rest of Ron's clothing. Dropping his boxers, she quickly freed his cock, the pair finally standing naked after an evening of fruitless hinting. "Oh, I've been waiting all evening for this…" Padma groaned, finally freeing herself of her clothing, her cock sprung free and ready for action. Reaching up to her hair, she undid the intricate braid and let it fall loose and free before hopping up onto the desk, the cool wood pressing against her arse and she casually jerked her cock back and forth, Ron sliding eagerly down onto his knees, ready to please his date in the only way he knew how. Leaning backwards, she let go of her cock, giving Ron free access to her shaft to do as he pleased, her thick throbbing meat ready for some much-needed release. Eager to have his lips wrapped around her shaft, Ron had developed a taste for cock. When he was with Hermione, she loved blowjobs and thus Ron found himself with a lusty desire to have thick, throbbing shafts in his mouth. Parting his lips, he took her fat coloured cock tip into his mouth, clamping his lips down around her bulbous head as his hand begun to glide slowly along her shaft, peeling away her silky foreskin and dribbling drops of pre-cum down onto his tongue. Drops that he eagerly swallowed, moaning softly as he relished the taste, endeavouring to milk more and more of the delicious salty liquid out of her bulbous tip. Padma groaned a sigh of pure and utter relief. An evening of build up with seemingly no pay off in sight finally felt worth it as she had her cock lodged in a tight, warm and surprisingly skilled mouth. Her hand instinctively wrapped itself around his head, but Ron needed no persuasion, his lips slowly starting to slide down her shaft, relishing each delicious chocolaty inch of silky cock. His time with Hermione had opened his throat immensely and he found himself to be strangely proficient In the act, his lips easily sliding downwards, his throat parting eagerly and the tip of her cock sliding almost all the way down his throat without even a single gag. Nearing the last couple inches, he felt his throat finally snap, clenching down around her cock as he coughed and spluttered loudly, spewing saliva down the remaining two inches of her shaft, his hand collecting the spittle and sliding it down to her balls, his fingers delicately massaging them and coating them to an identical lubed shimmer of which her cock was covered. Leaning backwards, she allowed Ron to do his work, the boy diligently bobbing his head up and down her shaft, confident that he could force the last two inches inside and plant his lips firmly around the base of her cock, her crotch shaven into a neat black landing strip inching up from her cock's base. Sliding his lips up and down her shaft, he coated it in a sloppy shimmer, fully expecting it to be swiftly lodged inside his arse as soon as Padma decided she craved a tighter hole. Deepthroating the majority of her shaft, Ron finally slammed his lips downwards, pushing his clutching and spasming throat to the limits as he finally coaxed the last few inches into his tight, warm throat, Padma letting out a deep guttural groan of pleasure, Ron's moans vibrating like sensual hums through her cock, his own hand furiously jerking himself of whilst his other hand gently squeezed and pulled at the girl's heavy and full balls. Funny, Padma always assumed Ron would be a frigid virgin, yet here he was deepthroating her shaft like it was nothing. The evening was fully surprises in the end, yet as he swallowed the rest of her cock, Padma found herself in need of a good fucking. Whether that was receiving or giving. However, as Ron slowly bobbed his head up and down her shaft, elegantly and easily deepthroating every inch without missing a single beat, Padma decided to wait before fucking. Parvati was a different story. Kissing Harry softly, she eagerly sank to her knees, undoing his trousers and tugging them and his boxers down to his ankles, quickly tossing them aside and revealing his cock. Leaning forwards, she wrapped her tongue around the tip of his cock, collecting every droplet of pre-cum as both her hands jerked back and forth across her shaft, milking pre-cum from his tip like an eager little slut. Purposefully humming, Parvati sent flickers of pleasure simmering along his cock as her tongue focussed on his tip. Unlike Ron, Parvati was a novice when it came to sucking cock. She and her sister had practiced it before, but Parvati simply couldn't get a knack for it. Her throat would seize up whenever she tried anything more than four inches, forcing the young Indian girl to develop other abilities. Namely, an acute, skilled and eager tongue. More useful when attending to some's arse, but still immensely pleasurable is used correctly on a cock. Something, she had quickly picked up on. Expecting her to part her lips and start to suckle on his cock, Harry was surprised as Parvati led the tip of her tongue up to the slit on his cock and slowly began to slide it inside. The slit wasn't large, but was large enough to allow her tip inside, causing his cock to spasm as a strange painful pleasure burst across his cock. The sensation was unlike anything at all. There was a slight sting, but that was drowned out by the immense pleasure of her skilled tongue. Wriggling it about slightly, she elicited a deep grunt of pleasure from Harry as he arched his back, his fists clenching as a burst of concentrated pleasure rippled along his cock. Grinning wildly, she removed her tongue, lowering his lips to the tip of his cock and planting a soft, sloppy kiss against the purple flesh. Collecting a mouthful of saliva, she dribbled it along his length, her hands eagerly and rhythmically jerking his shaft back and forth, coating it in liberal amounts of saliva, all in preparation for the next part. Sliding her tongue down his shaft, she skilfully wrapped the muscle around his shaft, reaching the most sensitive areas as one of her hands slid up towards his tip. Her thumb gently pressed itself against his tip, gently rubbing back and forth, spreading the pre-cum that was spewing out of his cock across his head as she slowly made her down towards his balls. Leaving his cock, her hand continued to jerk him back and forth as she planted a kiss on each of his balls, her lips parting on the second one to take it into her mouth. Wrapping her lips around the sensitive organ, she let her tongue loose, covering every inch of his sack with her salacious tongue, making sure it was slick with saliva before applying the same sensual treatment to the other one. With his cock and balls coated in saliva, she dragged her lips back up to his tip and planted a soft kiss on it before eagerly smiling up at him, Harry taking the initiative and sliding down from the desk. Lifting her up onto her feet, Harry slid his arms beneath her legs and easily lifted the girl up off her feet, causing her to giggle slightly, a perverse fantasy of hers being enacted. Whilst the evening was not as she imagined, at least the fucking lived up to expectation as she was swept of her feet and pinned romantically against the wall, their lips fighting one another as Harry gripped his cock, angling it towards her asshole. Both sisters frequently fucked one another, meaning that neither one was especially tight, allow for more fervent and exhaustive treatment of their behinds. Holding his shaft in place, Parvati wrapped her legs around his waist, biting her lip as he eased forwards, her well used arsehole parting with ease and eagerly swallowing Harry's bulbous tip in her warm backdoor. Harry was surprised by her looseness, but wasn't disappointed as he slid the entirety of his cock into her arse in seconds, his cock moving like a hot knife through butter, his crotch colliding with her arse as they both grinned salaciously, "Don't hold back baby… I can take it…" Those words echoed in Harry's mind, strangely reminiscent of his encounters with Katie. However, he quickly dispelled those thoughts, taking a firm grip on her arse cheeks and holding her harder against the wall and drawing his hips back slowly, Parvati biting her lip in anticipation, knowing full well the treatment she was eagerly about to receive. Rolling her eyes back into her head, she leaned backwards, feeling every inch of his cock pull out of her bum, until only the tip remained. Teasing her, he held himself in place, waiting… waiting… waiting… Until finally, the room echoed with a firm and audible slap, their bodies colliding loudly, Parvati's gasp filling the room as Harry hammered home, his cock plunging deep inside her and sending waves of pleasure cascading across their bodies as they were united in a pleasurable heaven. His balls collided with arse with a satisfying wet smack, her bum growing wetter as the saliva on his balls lingered on her cheeks. Savouring the first thrust, Parvati felt him instantly draw his hips back, a perverse smile etching itself on her face. He knew what he was doing. And before she knew it, he slammed back in, developing a swift and rhythmic stride, pounding his cock in and out of her hole as they moaned into each other's ears, her grip around his shoulders tightening, her fingers nails almost burying themselves into his back as his cock ground her prostate to dust in an immensely pleasurable and sumptuous way, their bodies growing slick with sweat as their evening culminated in a fervent fuck session. Her cock began to spew pre-cum down along her shaft, Harry's deep and powerful thrusts enough to cause pre-cum to splatter across their bellies, propelled by his hammering cock, their bodies slapping together with delicious salacious sounds. "Do you top or bottom?" Padma asked, pulling her saliva slick cock out of Ron's mouth and hopping down from the table. Lifting him up to his feet, she dropped her hand to his cock, jerking it back and forth and covering her hand in pre-cum, using the slick liquid to lubricate his cock to a glossy shimmer, eagerly anticipating his answer. Having fucked and been fucked by her sister countless times, Padma would definitely consider herself versatile, but decided she would ask Ron his preference before ramming her cock up his arse. She knew from experience that a rough first entrance would be incredibly painful, but eventually, incredibly pleasurable. "What? I thought girls could only cum when on top?" Ron breathed ignorantly, moaning as her silky hand moved back and forth across his cock, skilfully milking him of more and more pre-cum as she scoffed loudly at his answer, not quite believing what he was saying. Hermione had told him that all the way back at the Quidditch World Cup and he foolishly believed it up until this point. "You actually are thick if you believed the girl that told you that," Padma laughed, pushing him back onto a desk and hopping up into his lap, his cock sliding along her plump arse cheeks, grazing her arsehole and causing her to moan pleasurably. Spitting into her hand, she reached behind her and smeared the lube across his cock, making sure he was sufficiently prepared before she lifted her hips and angled his cock. Pressing it snugly against her bum hole, she eased slowly downwards, her hole prying easily apart and allowing his tip inside. Moaning loudly, she bobbed her arse up and down, adjusting to the new intruder by fucking herself on his first few inches, before wrapping her arms around his neck and steadily sliding herself down, lodging every inch of his deliciously thick, pulsating cock inside her tight, warm asshole. Slowly, but surely her arse began to peel apart, each inch sliding deep inside her. Unlike her sister, Padma wasn't nearly as loose and couldn't take an equally rough treatment. Despite being rather similar in their sexual endeavours, Padma was naturally tighter and thus preferred a more slow and sensual fuck. However, having been horny all evening and desperate for a shag that wasn't her sister, Padma dispelled with any slow romantic loving and pushed Ron flat on his back, pushing herself onto her feet so that instead of kneeling either side, she was squatting and began to fuck herself on his cock, moaning loudly as Ron's hands explored their sumptuous bodies. Despite being twins, the two girls were surprisingly different when it came to their bodies. Parvati was slightly short and thinner, her breasts being perter and her arse less bouncy. Padma however, had a little more weight to her, her breasts slightly larger and her arse decidedly plump. But in saying that, they were both utterly gorgeous and happily bouncing up and down on their respective cocks, filling the rooms with guttural, pleasurable moans. With the new position, Padma eagerly slammed her bum downwards, Ron's fat cock spreading her wider and wider, pushing firmly against her prostate and eliciting immense pleasure in both their bodies. Running his hands across her legs, he wove them up along her soft skin, finding her breasts and gently starting to massage them, squeezing them between his fingers as her dark, chocolaty nipples began to harden, begging for his attention. Rubbing his thumb back and forth across the sensitive nub, Ron couldn't contain himself, leaning up and wrapping an arm around her waist as his lips dove in to attack her nipples, Padma gasping loudly as he began to softly suckle of the sensitive nubs of flesh, his tongue drawing circles around the nipple as he gently bit down on it, Padma having to slow her eager bouncing down as Ron gorged on her flesh. Pulling their bodies together, Ron slid Padma's cock against his stomach, pre-cum leaking from her engorged tip as saliva smeared across both their bellies, her thick shaft pinned between the pair of them as they moaned lustily. Throwing her hair back, she snaked a hand through Ron's hair and guided his eager lips to her other nipple, making sure his diligent tongue provided apt attention to both her teats as she bounced softly up and down, her cock twitching as she staved of her orgasm, wanting to savour her first round with Ron a little while longer. Ron could have no such luxury. Having not had sex since his rather drastic experience the ended with him yelling at Fleur, his cock was a little sensitive to the pleasures of a tight asshole. Her hole was milking him dry, each simple bounce bringing him closer and closer to his explosive end as her bum massaged every inch of his cock, the pair moaning in tandem, Ron's moans muffled by the mouthful of her tits he was devouring, suckling and licking, coating each one in saliva, falling in love with her deliciously soft mounds. About to cum, Ron pulled himself away quickly enough to pull her off his cock, his shaft spasming and twitching, spraying her belly with his load as she giggled loudly. Expecting her to be furious at his sudden orgasm, Ron watched as reached down and stroked his cock, milking him dry as several strands landed across her stomach and cock, her other hand finding her shaft and using his cum as a lubricant, stroking it back and forth across her saliva and pre-cum slick cock. The last few dribbles leaked out of his cock, his shaft softening in Padma's hand as she bit her lip, relishing the opportunity to tease him for his early orgasm, despite her intention of having him stiff again in only a couple minutes. In her sex addled mind, the night had barely begun. "Already? You better have a round two left in you…" Padma smirked, sliding of Ron's lap and collecting a mouthful of cum from her stomach, cleaning herself up and dipping her fingers into her mouth, suckling on each droplet of cum as Ron breathed heavily, blushing slightly as Padma teased about cumming early. Little did he know, she didn't care. She had high expectations, but expected to elicit pleasure over multiple orgasms. Wanting him to harden rapidly though, she strode slowly over to Harry and Parvati, the pair parting their own kiss to look at her as she purred loudly across the room, "Maybe this'll help you along…" Padma broke the kiss between Harry and Parvati, taking Harry's head and pulling it backwards slightly. Leaning in she planted her lips on Harry's pulling him into deep and passionate kiss, leaving him surprised and stunned, his thrusts grinding to a halt as she pulled away and winked at him. However, that was far from what surprised him the most, as when she pulled her lips away from him, she turned to her sister and dove at her lips, their faces collided as they chased each other's lips, kissing wildly and with experience. Their tongues dove into each other's mouths, darting back and forth as they moaned audibly, Parvati's hand slapping Harry playfully on the shoulder as if to prompt him to keep going. Startled by the intimacy between the two sisters, Harry and Ron shared a silent groan of pleasure as they watched them getting passionate with one another, a perverse fantasy fulfilled in both their minds as Padma parted their kiss and glanced back at Ron, his cock in his hand slowly hardening. Bending over at the waist, Padma planted soft kisses along her sister's body, gently licking her nipples as she passed before dipping her head down between Harry and Parvati, her lips finding her sister's cock as she pressed her mouth softly against her tip, grinning to herself as Harry and Ron's heads both exploding. Having to pull himself back slightly to allow Padma the space to suck her sister off, Harry gently eased his cock back and forwards, changing his fast, hard pace for a softer and slower one, wanting to fully savour the incestual blowjob that was happening between them. Ron stood up to get a better angle as Parvati moaned, Padma's lips sliding slowly downwards, taking inch after inch of her sister's cock into her mouth, their cocks identical in size and width. Moaning loudly, Parvati was a little disappointed that Harry's thrusts had slowed down, but was quickly dissuaded from feeling sorry as her sister enveloped her cock like the eager little slut she knew she was. It took her a minute or two, but Padma finally managed to adjust the angle, the position a little awkward, but worth it for the stunned looks on both the boy's faces as they witnessed something truly spectacular. Sharing a brief glance with one another, Harry and Ron barely registered the fact that they were both naked, their minds enraptured by the pure sexual lust emanating from the two sisters. Ron's hand was wrapped tightly around his cock, jerking himself steadily back to full mast, his position giving him a delectable view of his date's plump arse cheeks, the weight of each cheek peeling them apart ever so slightly, giving him a glorious view of her tight, little arse hole, recently ploughed by his thick cock. Keeping her sister's cock deep in her throat, she slowly began to draw her lips back and forth, one of Parvati's hands dropping down to brush her hair out of her eyes and allow her a clear path to deepthroat her thick, spasming cock. Adjusting to the strange position, the three of them quickly got into the rhythm, Harry speeding his thrusts up and moaning loudly, his stomach occasionally pushing and pinning Padma's against her sister's but the eager cock hungry girl lapping at her own sister's cock didn't seem to mind. His thrusts were no where near as hard and as fast, but they were enough to make Parvati throw her head back moaning as her hole was plunged full of thick cock and her cock was lavishly worshipped by her twin sister, her lips lazily dragging up and down, her body on the verge of orgasm. Much like her sister, her cock was tingling rapidly and was on the edge of exploding across the room. But Parvati didn't want it to end so soon, the miasma of pleasure clouding her head not dissuading her desire to keep it going on as long as possible. Harry had no such luxury as his cock was on the verge of cumming and cumming hard. Ron watched the scene before him for a few minutes, the incestual intimacy of the two twins making his cock rock hard. Jerking himself off for a moment, he quickly longed to join back in, wanting desperately to be a part of this perverse, naughty and taboo interaction. Sinking down to his knees behind Padma, he debated impaling her on his cock again, but thought he ought to treat her. Leaning down, he planted his hands on her arse cheeks, the soft flesh peeling apart delectably and revealing her tight, luscious hole, slightly agape from his previous treatment and all for his pleasure. Spitting on the hole, Ron leant in and used his tongue to smear the saliva across her bum, his tongue dancing back and forth, sliding along every delicious wrinkle and causing Padma to moan a muffled and pleasurable moan into her sister's cock, pulling her lips off her shaft just to turn around and shoot Ron a wink. Turning back to Parvati's cock, she kissed her sister's belly before diving back onto her cock, her shaft plunging into her throat with extreme ease, the group moaning in tandem. Spreading her cheeks wider, Ron dove in, his tongue plunging deep into her arse, wriggling back and forth as she groaned, vibrations bristling through Parvati's throat as all four of them moved In a delicious cacophony of pleasure. Each simple movement rippled through the four of them as they each thrust, licked or sucked on their respective sexual organ, lavishing and relishing each morsel of pleasure they were giving. Harry was on the edge of his orgasm, him and Parvati having been fucking and sucking for a fair while. Unable to hold it in any longer, Harry plunged deep inside Parvati, his cock erupting inside her, causing her to moan loudly as her bum clamped down around his cock, milking every droplet of cum his cock could offer. Unable to hold himself and Parvati up, Harry lowered her to the ground, her cock consequentially slipping out of her sister's mouth as she was lowered to the ground, cum leaking from her bum as she and Harry slowly moved away kissing passionately, Parvati murmured, "It wasn't the night I wanted, but It's definitely the night I needed…" With that she turned around and left Harry, her cock still throbbing and in dire need of relief. Seeing her sister busy at one end of the redhead, Parvati decided that she ought to keep his other end just as busy. Sinking down onto her knees behind him, she slapped her hands down onto his pale arse, her hunger for an orgasm taking control of her as she spread his plump cheeks apart and slapped her saliva slick cock down between them. Seeing her sister's intentions, Padma decided that the pair ought to work in tandem, pulling Ron's tongue out of her arse and turning around, waving her cock in front of his face once again and worming the tip back inside his throat, pushing forwards as his throat easily gave away, swallowing the entirety of her length with a lustful, horny hunger. Prying his cheeks apart, Parvati found the boy's asshole. Having gone untouched for a fair while back there, Ron was waiting with nervous trepidation only to moan like a common whore as she eased the tip inside him, the fond, familiar pleasures of a thick cock inside him flooding back to him. Waiting for her sister to catch up, Padma watched as the redhead's arse was slowly pried apart, Parvati's crotch inching closer and closer to Ron's bum. She was surprised. Much like her sister, she presumed Ron to be a virgin who wouldn't know his way round his own cock, but he was adept at handling cock in a myriad of ways, easily taking it deep into his throat and deep into his arse. It took her very little time, but her neatly shaven triangle of pussy hair pressed snugly against his bum, her balls smacking his as she and her sister nodded to one another, both knowing the other's intentions before either of them breathed a word. In tandem, they both pulled themselves backwards, their cocks sliding slowly and easily out of Ron's tight holes, the pair of them moaning audibly. When only their tips remained, they hammered home, sinking their cocks firmly and swiftly back inside the boy, a single guttural groan of pleasure coursing through Ron as his sounds were muffled by a thick Indian cock. Most people would slide their cock in whilst the other person slid out, but the twins dispelled with the common method of spit roasting, instead opting to flood Ron with pleasure with each thrust. Not to mention that the pressure coming from both ends allowed each girl to push their cock into their respective holes far deeper, using their twin as anchor to push against, inching deeper and deeper. Maintaining long, deep thrusts, they made sure Ron felt every inch of their cocks and they felt every inch of Ron, their cocks being sandwiched in deliciously tight and deliciously skilled holes. Hermione did one thing right in their relationship, which was to make sure he knew how fuck, suck and be fucked. Something he took in his stride. A part of Harry felt like he should join back in, but he couldn't help but feel bad. Not because of him and Ginny, because he knew all to well at this point that she was shagging other people. But instead that he should keep himself to a higher standard. He felt bad for shagging Parvati for what only felt like a revenge fuck having seen Ginny and Neville. Despite Parvati's eagerness, he still felt weird for joining in. Justifying the way, he was feeling in his head, he dressed himself, casting a glance over at Ron and thinking, he deserved to have two smoking hot twins fucking him. More so than he did. The three of them were moaning in unison, all three of their cocks spasming and twitching as they hit their orgasms in a chain reaction. Parvati kicked It off, her orgasm spurting deep inside Ron, giving her enough time to slide her cock out of his arse and spurt a few last stray strands across his back, smacking his arse playfully as she sank backwards and leant against the wall, watching as Ron came. His cock spasmed beneath him, his tip twitching and sending a few meek strands of cum down onto the floor. Having been drained by Padma earlier on, he hardly had enough to surprise anyone. Yet Padma was the one who came the hardest, her hips slamming forwards, burying her shaft deep inside his throat, cum pouring from her cock and dribbling down his chin as she drew her cock out and pasted the last few strands across his face before flopping back against the wall, Ron sliding between the two sisters as they all recuperated, all three of them agreeing – all without talking – that the evening hardly ended there. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "I was thinking tonight, Cho…" Cedric murmured into between soft passionate kisses, the two gently letting their hands caress one another, softly rubbing along their arms as they delicately kissed one another. Cho's hand instantly found his cock, gently squeezing it, rubbing back and forth as she elicited a moan of appreciation from Cedric, the pair gently rocking the carriage they were in, "Maybe I could be on top?" "Really? I'm usually on top? It's just…" Cho stammered, reaching down for her bag instinctively, her hand moving to find the Suggestibility Potion only for her to remember that she no longer had it. Smiling curtly, she tried her best to come up with an excuse, her arse not exactly the loosest of holes. In fact, she had barely been touched back there and was silently glad for Angelina and Alicia's rather extensive treatment of her tight bum hole. "We could… experiment a little?" Cedric suggested as his hand groped at her cock through the thin fabric of her dress, the girl delicately moaning as she turned to her boyfriend, decided that she would. Leaning back in for a kiss, Cho didn't exactly feel like tearing of her intricate dress just yet, instead opting to cross to the other side of the carriage, bending over and gently pulling her dress up over her bum. "Anything for my champion," Cho purred, her mind not thinking how passionate and intimate a moment this could be as a couple, but instead he clouded judgement found it to be more a simple avenue for her to ensure she retained her boyfriend. Sure, she loved him, and she knew that he loved her, but she still found herself unable to shake the notion that their relationship was built on a potion. And the only way she'd be able to keep him from going elsewhere, would be to be bent over, offering her arse to him, "Maybe you could, lick my bum? Get me ready?" "Sure, baby…" Cedric smiled crossing over to her and kissing her passionately as his hands slid down to her ass, peeling apart her arse cheeks and fishing the tight g-string out of her bum. She had worn the intricate and grossly impractical underwear that evening solely for him, but she didn't expect the evening to end with her puckering her arse up and waiting to be impaled. Unbeknownst to her, Cedric was in full romantic mode, the intimacy of the situation almost overwhelming him. It was like they were losing their virginities all over again. It felt fresh and new, the reason being he wasn't drugged up. Yet any intimacy was lost on Cho as she saw it as a formality. A formality on the road to retaining her boyfriend. Cedric was happy to comply with her request, a part of him wanting to tear her dress off and ravish her in her entirety, however, he relegated himself to the delectable bum she was so proudly presenting. Kneeling down behind her, he came face to face with her pert Asian arse cheeks, his hands instantly moving to peel her soft cheeks apart, her tight hole slightly agape to Cedric's surprise, but not enough for him to stop his advance. Leaning inwards, he kissed each of her cheeks before planting a sloppy kiss on her hole, his tongue darting forwards instantly, dancing back and forth across her hole, covering every inch of it with saliva and bringing a deep lusty moan to Cho's lips. She enjoyed having a tongue back there, but she rarely indulged as it was far more practical to have Cedric gorge himself on her thick cock and lubricate the cock they were actually going to use. It was safe to say that Cho was panicking, worrying about having a cock back inside her. Something else bolstered her courage when with the Chasers, but now, with a clear mind, she was incredibly nervous. However, Cedric's tongue did a lot to mitigate her nerves, the muscle sliding back and forth lapping at her delectable hole as Cedric let go of her cheeks, letting her arse fall back into place smothering his eager tongue with her sumptuous flesh. Moaning into her bum, Cedric quickly undid his trousers, his hand dropping to his cock and jerking himself to a stiff peak, wriggling his tongue down to her entrance, readying to plunge it deep inside the gorgeous beauty. Sliding slowly forwards, he edged his tongue inside her, his nose pressing against her skin as he tried to angle himself to get as deep as possible. Darting back and forth, Cedric did his best to grace every inch of her arse with his tongue, pushing forwards in a futile attempt to reach the most sensitive portion of her hole. Returning his hands to her cheeks, he spread them wide, peeling her bum apart and opening her tight hole a little more. The tiny amount of wiggle room allowed him to sink a little deeper, Cho groaning in appreciation as Cedric diligently coated her ass in saliva, his cock hard and raring for the next part. "Go slow baby," Cho begged as Cedric pulled his tongue away, rising to his feet, hunched over in the tight confines of the small carriage. Lubing his cock up with a small amount of saliva, Cedric nodded, comforting Cho as he ran his hands gently across her bum, lowering his cock in-between her cheeks and gently starting to ease forwards. Cho bit her lip, waiting for it to slip inside and much to her surprise, her hole gave away quickly, her time with Angelina making her far looser than she ever was before. Expecting to grunt painfully, Cho felt a moan slip between her lips, her startled look replaced by a wry grin of pleasure as she slowly pushed her bum backwards on his cock, the pleasure tingling across her body making her eyes roll into the back of her head. Maybe being the bottom in their relationship wouldn't be too bad, she smiled to herself. Cedric was hesitant to go too quickly, but as his tip slipped inside and Cho eagerly pushed her bum back onto his slow and steady thrust, he was given the go ahead. Wrapping his hands around her waist, he pulled her backwards, thrusting slowly forwards, still not wanting to pound her hole like she pounded his. It took a couple seconds, but her arse gave easily away, swallowing his cock eagerly, her ring clutching and pulling at his cock as he submerged himself balls deep inside her bum. His balls slapped delicately against hers, her hand already in between her legs and furiously jerking herself off, moaning with each movement she made. She let out a groan of pleasure as his cock lodged itself inside her up to the hilt, her prostate gently massaged by his tip, the pair savouring each for a moment, before Cedric started to slowly and gently fuck her, taking a more passionate and romantic route. Cho moaned lustfully at first, his slow and methodical thrusting satisfying her initial urge for sex, but as the minutes ticked by, the gentle rutting wasn't bringing her as much pleasure as she had hoped. She gently started to push her bum backwards, trying to impart a desire for a rougher and more fervent treatment, but Cedric was consumed by the pleasures of the passionate moment, his mind concerned with making this memorable and sensual, whereas Cho was silently wanting him to tear her arse in two. Moaning dutifully, as if to spur him on, Cho focussed on her cock, jerking herself of as Cedric slowly fucked her bum, his balls barely making a soft smacking sound as he moved back and forth. Debating whether or not she should force him onto his arse and just bounce like a greedy slut on top of him, Cho opted to allow Cedric his desire and lust. She didn't want to scare him off at this point. Cedric was on the verge of cumming, much to Cho's disappoint, although him being close to orgasm was partially her fault. Despite his pleas for them to simply have an evening and enjoy it, she found herself becoming overtly sexual, grinding and rubbing up against him whilst they danced. Cedric thought nothing of It, despite his cock being rock hard for most of it and him relishing it with a salacious, horny grin. Sliding in and out of her, Cedric started to be a little firmer, thrusting forwards a little harder than before, Cho grunting with happy pleasure as it seemed Cedric was finally starting to give that rough fucking she so desperately desired, her arse begging for a firmer treatment, a treatment she was surprised she hungered after, considering how she held it to such disdain prior to her hardcore orgy with the Chasers. "Oh fuck!" Cedric groaned, his hardest and most powerful thrust unfortunately being his last as he thrust forwards, his hips collided roughly with Cho's arse, making her moan louder than before, only to be flooded with silent disappointment as cum spurted deep into her arse, Cedric pulling out an jerking himself across the floor as Cho swiftly pulled her panties up and dropped her dress downwards, hiding the fact she hadn't cum with a series of pleasured grunts and moans, turning to Cedric and kissing him passionately, purring beneath her breath as she opened the door, desperate to move on, "One last dance?" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Where are we going Hermy-own?" Krum bellowed as Hermione raced ahead of him, leading him to across the wooden bridge and down towards the portion of the forest that students were allowed to enter. She was giggling as her emotions carried her, quickly racing along the bridge, pushing past a couple who were making out passionately on the bridge, Hermione racing past them and began making her way down the hill towards Hagrid's hut. "We're going to do something I've always wanted to do, but have never had the courage to do it. It's absolutely mad!" Hermione bellowed as she bunched her dress up and wove her way down the hill arriving at the treeline and turning around to watch Krum stagger down the path and join her. Glancing into the trees, Hermione bit her lip, trying to muster the courage to fulfil one of her fantasises, not even telling Krum about it as he stood next to her, breathless, the man silently conscious about his clothing and not wanting to sully it with dirt. "Hermy-own?" Krum asked, brushing her arm as she stood there. Nodding to herself, she kicked her shoes off and felt the cool feel of the grass beneath her feet. Unzipping the back of her dress, she shrugged her shoulders out of the fabric, letting it fall to the ground and lay in the mud, not caring about it in the slightest as she stood in her underwear, her heart pounding through her chest as Krum looked on in utter amazement. Reaching behind her, she unhooked her bra, tossing it aside before hooking her fingers inside the thin fabric of her panties and dropping them to the ground, her breasts and cock bouncing free as she stood naked on the edge of the forest, smiling as she let herself go. Spinning around, she laughed happily, wrapping her arms around Krum before racing into the forest. "Come on! I'm not going to be able to fuck myself!" Hermione laughed as she pranced through the trees, her arse jiggling as she wove her way through the woods, the cool bite of the open air setting her heart on fire, the freezing nature of the grounds not bothering her as she raced through the woods carried by her spirits, leaving Krum standing on the edge of the forest, unsure as to what her should do. Glancing back up towards the castle, Krum smiled to himself before kicking his shoes off. It took him a little while longer, her formal attire a little more intricate than Hermione's dress. Unbuttoning his jacket, he dropped it to the ground, pulling his thin undershirt over his head and dropping it to the side, his chiselled chest and toned stomach facing the cool air. Undoing his trousers, he dropped them to the ground, his cock springing free, the sight of Hermione running naked through the woods enough to make him rock hard. Undressing himself entirely, he felt the cool air on his skin and smiled before running into the woods in search of Hermione. "Hermy-own? Where are you?" Krum called as he plunged deeper into the woods, Hermione having disappeared from his sight. Staggering around, he looked desperately for her only to have his vision covered as two hands covered his eyes, blinding him briefly, "Hermy?" "Shush… Not a single word…" Hermione purred in his ear, her hands sliding to his shoulders and gently pushing him down onto his knees, taking control of the man as he eagerly grinned. His knees hit to cool forest floor and suddenly, Hermione strolled around into his view, her hand gliding up and down her cock as she came in front of him. Sinking her hips slightly, Hermione moved to press the tip of her cock against his lips, prompting him to pull back. In the few months that they had been intimate, he had never once sucked or been fucked by her, the pair instead always opting for Hermione to take the 'traditional' female role. Opening his lips to objected, Hermione quickly quietened him, the woman confident that she was in charge that evening, "Eh. Not a word. Now, are you going to please me? Or am I going to have to go find someone else to do so?" Smiling, admiring her guts, Krum slowly nodded, feeling Hermione's hand slide across his shaven hair and pull his head sharply forwards, the tip of her cock lingering closer and closer. Being the man, he was, Krum wasn't used to being on his knees, instead opting for others to be on their knees before him. But when the offer of being with a gorgeous young babe like Hermione presented itself, he could hardly object. And he definitely didn't want to jeopardise their relationship and lose his favourite fuckbuddy. Biting her lip, Hermione pressed the tip of her cock against his lips and gently pushed forwards, his mouth opening and clamping tightly around her bulbous tip, the delicious warmth of his mouth enveloping the tip of her cock. Moaning loudly, Hermione savoured the sensation. The last time she had her cock anywhere near someone's mouth was her last encounter with Ron. An encounter that was a long, long time ago. And Hermione quickly fell back in love with the pleasures of a tight, warm mouth, "Oh fuck…" Wrapping both her hands around Krum's head, she slowly began to apply pressure to his head, pushing his lips slowly along his cock, easing inch after inch into his mouth, savouring the warm wetness of his mouth. Consumed by the pleasure flooding her cock, she dispelled with all compassion, lusting after her orgasm and wanting more and more of Krum's mouth to be wrapped around her cock. Her cock slipped easily down towards his throat, her tip prodding suddenly against the back of his throat begging access to the tight depths of his hole. Not stopping her forward thrust, Hermione pushed firmly against the entrance to his throat, Krum gagging around her cock as he desperately fought to deny her access to his depths, his throat fervently fighting to remain unfucked. Hermione was not easily dissuaded however, her grip around his head tightening as she continued to apply more and more pressure, waiting and hoping that he would inadvertently swallow, giving her access to the pleasurable depths of his throat. It took her a few minutes of firm thrusting before he gave away, a couple inches of her cock plunging deep into his spasming and clutching throat. Moaning as she sank several inches into his untouched throat, Hermione found herself unable to stop, pushing her hips slowly forwards, Krum's hands reaching up to her thighs, trying to stop her from steadily advancing, but finding himself unable to halt her lusty plundering. Easing slowly forwards, she felt her cock get enveloped by his tight throat, her grip around his head forcing his lips down on her cock, until every inch was submerged deep inside his tight, clutching hole. With his lips pressed snugly against her crotch, his nose buried in her tuft of bushy hair, Hermione moaned, her balls gently and carelessly smacking against his chin as he dribbled a mouthful of saliva down onto her swinging sack, the younger girl savouring her first taste of deep oral in months. Her mind was a haze of pleasure, her thoughts consumed by the want and desire to simply savour his tight, warm depths with very little thought spared for Krum's wellbeing. Holding firmly onto his head, she began to thrust her hips back and forth, dragging his lips back along her cock only to thrust sharply forwards and lodge the entirety of her shaft back inside his throat, moaning audibly as her balls smacked against his chin. Krum had never taken a cock into his mouth, the notion always being a bit off In his mind. It wasn't that he didn't want to reciprocate oral pleasure, but that he just didn't find it all too appealing. And the nature of his stardom usually meant that any girl who bedded him was lustily trying her best to please him and not herself, making for incredible experiences, but never ones that rendered him on the receiving end of a thick hard shaft. And definitely not as deep inside his throat as Hermione was currently plundering, her moans echoing through the forest as she began to roughly fuck his throat, groaning and moaning to herself as she threw her hair back and watched her cock slide in and out of his tight, palpitating throat. Hammering her hips back and forth, she crashed her cock into his throat, her balls loudly slapping against his chin as she let her lust consume her. Saliva was coating her sloppy cock as Krum struggled to swallow it, his breaths raspy and shallow, mired with saliva as it poured down and along her cock, dribbling down onto his chest as he let her use his throat for her own pleasure, a strangely perverse drive forcing his hand to his cock, gently beginning to jerk himself off as his throat was used as Hermione's own personalised fuck toy, her cock gliding in and out with ease, her cock growing shinier and glossier with each deep, orgasmic thrust. A part of Hermione wanted to savour the sensation for the entire evening, but a louder part craved a tighter entrance, hungering for Krum's virgin arsehole, her cock twitching and spasming at the idea of being balls deep in a freshly unfucked arsehole. Unable to hold herself back, she drew her cock out of Krum's throat, playfully smacking his face with her shaft as he fell forwards onto all fours, giving Hermione to perfect position to fuck him in as she strutted around behind him. "Hermy-own? I haven't had anything back there…" Krum began feeling the young girl pry his ass cheeks apart and eagerly slap her thick, saliva coated cock between his cheeks, gently sawing her hips back and forth, fucking his taut, well exercised bum. Ignoring his pleas, Hermione was consumed by lust and pleasure, the deliciousness of his tight throat harkening back to the pleasures of fucking Ron. Sliding her cock down to Krum's virgin arse, Hermione pressed the tip of her cock against his tight, constricted hole and began to ease forwards, ignoring Krum's vapid protests in search of her own pleasure, the eroticism of being naked in the open woods, spurring her on. Before Krum could move away, his ass gave away beneath her pressure, the tip of her fat, bulbous cock easing itself inside him, his untouched ring tightening around her shaft, bringing a grunt of pain to his lips and a moan of lusty pleasure to her lips as she savoured the tightness of an asshole once more. Not stopping, Hermione wrapped her hands around Krum's waist, ignoring his grunts of pain as she slowly thrust forwards, her cock prying his untouched arse apart with relative ease. Her eyes rolled closed as she thrust forwards, his hole flexing and clutching at her cock as she forced herself inside, moaning audibly as each inch of her cock slipped inside. Finally, after a few minutes of long continuous thrusting, Hermione felt his toned arse cheeks press snugly against her crotch, her balls slapping against his, Krum's cock softening as he tried desperately to keep himself conscious as she ripped his hole in two, his pleas for her to stop silenced by her lusty moans of pleasure. Running her hands all across his cheeks, Hermione savoured the tight warmth, his arse tightening and flexing around her cock, dancing along her shaft and sending bursts of immense pleasure along her sensitive cock, her shaft teetering on the edge of orgasm already. Holding off as long as possible, she slowly started to fuck him, gently moving back and forth, but not roughly hammering his arse. There would be plenty time for that. Softly fucking his hole, she gently eased a couple inches in and out, the young girl not wanting to move to quickly or remove too much of her cock from the tight vacuum that was his virgin arse. Not so virgin any longer as Hermione was relishing the sumptuous ravishing of his tight bum, every subtle movement bringing a gasping moan to her lips as she gently moved herself in and out, her balls silently pressing against his with each movement. Grunting, Krum buried his head in his arms, trying to focus on staying conscious as his arse was torn in two. There were flecks of pleasure lingering in his arse, his prostate being readily massaged by her cock as she gently humped his arse, her hands roaming and pulling at his flesh instinctively. However, any hint of pleasure was defused by Hermione's sudden and forceful entrance. There was no doubt in his mind that Krum may have been able to enjoy a good ass fucking, but as a first foray into such pleasures, this was hardly enjoyable. Consumed by pleasure, she started to prolong her thrusts, drawing her hips back more and more, sliding more of her cock out of his arse before slowly easing it back in. Building a rhythm, Hermione slowly began to hammer herself back and forth, slamming her cock in and out, pulling Krum's arse roughly back onto her cock as pleasure guided her crude and rough thrusts. The sound of her balls slapping loudly, mixed with the sloppy sound of her saliva slick cock pounding in and out of his arse filled the forest, his grunts and her moans filling the void as the pair fucked in the open air, relishing the freedom of having their bodies exposed to the air, the elements biting at them as they roughly collided, Hermione's cock being plunged in and out of incredible pleasure with each hammering thrust, his taut arse cheeks gently jiggling with each powerful collision. Pleasure took over her body as her hand latched onto her breast, the cool air bringing a layer of goosebumps to the plump flesh making even the slightest graze an pleasurable haven of tingling sensations. Her orgasm was building in her loins as her cock was massaged immensely by Krum's tight and clutching arse. Each thrust became like a jackhammer, pushing Krum forwards slightly as she forgot her surroundings letting her hunger for that sweet orgasm take over, her cock tingling wildly beneath her as she groaned loudly. Suddenly, she slammed in, burying herself up to the hilt as his arse danced delectably along her shaft, setting her orgasm in motion, her cock spurting copious amounts of cum deep into his virgin arse, the man grunting and groaning audibly as he was filled entirely with cum, his arse plumping slightly as cum dribbled out of Hermione's cock and pumped him full. Groaning, she suddenly felt her arms spasm out of her control, lifting themselves and sharply spanking his arse as her cock began to soften, his tight hole having milked her dry of all the cum she had been building up over the evening. Groaning pleasurably, Hermione pulled her cock out, flopping onto her back and reclining into the forest floor, ignoring the sharp twigs pushing painfully into her back as she began to recuperate. "That was amazing, Krum," she moaned to herself, breathing heavily as she glanced to her side, expecting to see her beloved date reclining romantically beside her, only to find herself alone in the forest, entirely nude. Taking the moment to flee, Krum found himself out of his depth, uncomfortable with her commanding and strong approach. Surprised, Hermione glanced around, taken aback that she had been ditched. A part of her heart sank as she realised what had happened, her mind blaming herself for being too forward, too commanding, too rough. But even as she blamed herself for doing what she did, she couldn't help but smile as she realised. There as no way in hell she was nervous about sex anymore. Not after that… IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Wandering back to the Great Hall, Harry stayed long enough to hear Padma, Parvati and Ron start up again, deciding that Ron deserved the indulgence. A pang of guilt hit Harry as he stumbled back towards the actual Ball. Despite having seen her with Neville and all that, he still felt like he had let Ginny down. Not by shagging Parvati and not by being intimate with anyone else, but by not having the balls to face Ron. Perhaps he could make amends. Silently hoping that she had found a dress and returned to the Ball, Harry rounded the corner and saw the desolate remains of the party, music still ticking slowly onwards, a few couples slow dancing as Filch begrudgingly began to sweep away streamers and glitter, remnants of an evening well spent. At least for most people. There was however, one sight that caught Harry's attention. A single person sat at one of the table, hunched over fiddling with her nails, a smirk on her face as Harry's eyes caught hers. Katie was sat there, a finely made dress clinging to her body, neatly pressed and elegantly worn. Gorgeous by any other standards, yet her she sat. Alone. Smirking, Harry wandered over, ignoring the grumpy glance from Filch as he passed. "Didn't imagine that you would be alone?" Harry smiled, sliding down into the seat next to her, smiling softly as he took his jacket off and tossed it aside, leaning forwards as the pair shared a brief sigh. Katie shrugged her shoulders, glancing around to the few star-crossed lovers still dancing, missing out on the best part of the evening as they frolicked it away with helpless romanticism. Romanticism that would be dead by morning. Gone and washed away in one bright and sparkly evening. "Well, me and Fred were never destined for greatness. Mostly just said yes to him so that I didn't have to go alone. Looks like fate had the last laugh," Katie chirped brightly, looking on the bright side. She was well aware where her date ended up, yet by what means she was unsure. One moment, she went to grab a drink, next she knew people were talking about the Twins being in the bathroom with Angelina. It was disappointing sure, but Katie most spent the evening enjoying the young awkwardness of different couples as they slow danced with straight arms of awkwardly jumped up and down during the Rock music. "I'm not really sure how my date went, if I'm honest. Then again, I mostly just asked her, so I didn't have to go alone," Harry smirked, nudging her lightly. In all honesty, towards the end of his encounter with Parvati, she seemed more interesting in Ron and Padma than him. He found it difficult to call the night a success, but it wasn't an absolute travesty as Ron's was. Although, he reprimanded his mistake in the end and would continue doing so long into the night as he would regale Harry in the morning. "From what I heard, you and Ron certainly got your money's worth," Katie laughed, having taken a glory lap of the school, relishing the fact that every other carriage outside was softly bouncing. The nearest classrooms to the Great Hall were all occupied. And almost every corner of the immediate vicinity had a couple hunched making out with each other. Katie was surprised at first, but then realised it was a high school dance. "What? I wouldn't possibly know what you mean," Harry laughed, not even blushing or trying to argue his way out of it, openly accepting the fact. At the start of the year he would have helplessly blushed and stammered his way awkwardly when faced with an accusation like that. But now, it seemed normal, almost familiar. "Hey, look. It's Loony Lovegood. What's she doing here? Don't think she had a date," Katie said, glancing over to the entrance of the Hall and seeing the blonde girl stride happily in, a smile on her face as her dress swung back and forwards, various baubles and bits hanging off it, all glossed over in a myriad of eclectic coloured glitter and sequins a bold and happy smile on her face. "Don't call her Loony," Harry said, Katie bowing her head in an apology as Harry pushed himself out of the seat and wandered over to Luna, calling back to Katie as she herself got up and prepared to leave the Ball, seeing no more merit in watching Filch clean, "I'll see you later, Katie." Crossing over to Luna, Harry smiled, confused as to why she was here, but was met with a dazed and soft smile as she lifted her hand and dreamily waved at him. She was beautiful, a fact that Harry rarely considered. But in here… bizarre dress and with her hair done nicely, she was incredibly pretty. Not that she wasn't always, it just seemed to bring out a new light in her. "Hey? What you doing here? I thought anyone below fourth year had to be asked by someone older to come?" Harry smiled as they slowly walked into the Ball, Luna marvelling at the fantastic decorations and discarded drinks and sequins, before turning to face Harry. "Oh, no one told me that. But It looks like I got the time wrong anyway, so it all works out," Luna chirped happily, the mistake almost making her strangely happier. Although Harry could easily chock that up to her demeanour. Glancing over at the slow dancing, she sighed somewhat disappointedly and added, "It's a shame. I was really looking forwards to a least one dance." Sighing, Harry couldn't help but take pity on her. Despite his adamant stance on dancing, the whole entire evening, he turned to her with a smile and suggested, "Well, there's still some music?" "Really?" Luna smiled, Harry nodding softly. At least it was a slow dance he thought, and he didn't have to worry about eccentric movements. Playing the role, he offered her his hand and stumbled slowly towards the dance floor, before placing his hands on her waist as she slid her hands around his neck, the two slowly moving back and forwards in time with the music, gently swaying. Luna looked up at him beaming, something about just how happy she was to have a dance, almost inspiring him. Smiling, she said, "I'm sorry about you and Ginny..." "It's alright. I had a good night anyway," Harry sighed, Luna staring right through him and picking apart his thoughts without a second glance. Bowing his head, Harry felt her lift her hand to his cheek, gently lifting his chin and smiling softly. Harry breathed a sigh before adding, "I think she enjoyed herself at least… That's all that matters." "You're a really good person Harry. Ginny knows that. You're also a really good friend. And dancer, but that's besides the points," Luna chuckled, leaning forwards and resting her head against his chest, Harry pulling her close, the pair almost hugging in the centre of the room, the remaining dancers having dissipated, leaving them alone. Even Filch had retreated somewhere, giving the pair the moment. Pulling her head back, almost instinctively, the pair of them felt themselves swept away in the moment, staring at one another, the urge to break the silence dissipating, replaced with a different urge. Leaning forwards, guiding by something other than his thoughts, Harry planted his lips softly against Luna's, Luna reciprocating, chasing his lips as they passionately embraced, Luna's hand gliding through his hair as he brought her close, their bodies pressed firmly together as the deep and passionate kiss became longer and more thoughtful until finally they parted, neither one wanting to as their lips lurched gently forwards, chasing a second kiss. "I've never been kissed like that Harry Potter…" Luna breathed, looking up and into Harry's eyes, a soft and delicate smile on her face as Harry, firmly and with passion took her hand, leading her towards the door, their gaze unfaltering as the rounded the corner, both of them breaking into a sprint, giggling as they ran through the corridors at a breakneck pace, neither one loosening their grip on the other's hand. They arrived at the corridor, both of them knowing exactly where they were going. Stopping outside the corridor, not entering just yet. Harry pinned her against the wall, his lips forcing themselves passionately against hers as he hooked his hands around her waist, lifting her up. Wrapping her legs around his waist, she giggled, staring into his eyes as he carried her into the corridor, their mouths battling with one another as they found their usual room. Her hands began to slowly pick away his clothing, throwing aside his tie and tearing his jacket away from his body. Setting her down on the ground, Harry unzipped her dress, the garment falling away easily, revealing her naked body, the girl not entirely fond of underwear. Pulling her close, her grabbed her pert bum, holding it and using it to pull her body closer to him, their crotches grinding against one another, their shafts hard as rock, Luna's cock leaking pre-cum across Harry's shirt. Pulling away, her fingers quickly worked their way along his shirt, undoing them, revealing his chest. Leaning forwards, she planted kisses along his chest, her hands still busily undoing the buttons before ripping the shirt away and throwing it aside. They briefly parted, their pair clumsily leaning down to remove their shoes. Luna was first kicking her heels aside as Harry tore his socks off. Standing only in his trousers, he turned to look at her, the pair sharing a brief moment of silence before Luna leapt at him, leaping into his arms and wrapping her legs around his waist once more, his hands latching onto her bum as they kissed. Leaning downwards, he pressed his lips against her chest, taking her nipple into his mouth and gently coating them in saliva as he staggered towards the bed, soft moans dribbling from her lips as she threw her hair back. Undoing the hair band, she had in, she let her long silvery hair flow wildly, the mane of hair cascading down her back as Harry suddenly threw her backwards onto the bed, a lustful grin on his face. "You are beautiful, Luna," Harry smiled, dropping his trousers and admiring the beautiful blonde girl laid naked before him. Reclining in the bed sheets, she giggled, biting her lip as his cock sprung free. Clambering onto the bed, Harry dispelled with the usual frivolities and went straight for what both of them wanted. They could spend a couple minutes sucking each other off, but both of them didn't care. The situation was far more than a lusty desire to cum. They wanted intimacy. The intimacy of being connected, their bodies as one. Leaning forwards, he kissed Luna, their tongues dancing against one another as their hands wrapped around one another. Taking his cock in his hand, he dribbled a mouthful of saliva down along his shaft, his hand wrapping around the base of his shaft and eagerly jerking back and forth, lubing himself up to a glossy shimmer as Luna parted her legs and wrapped them around his waist, pulling him in close, his shaft sliding against hers, eliciting deep moans that were stifled by one another's lips. Sinking his hips, a little lower, Harry wrapped his hands around her thighs, pushing her legs backwards, spreading them wider as his cock dipped down towards her arsehole, his tip grazing her tight little hole. Dropping his hand towards his cock, he nestled the tip snugly against her bum, giving Luna a quick look to make sure she was alright before slowly starting to ease forwards, her asshole giving away easily to his thick, throbbing cock, moans dribbling from each other's lips as he slowly slipped inside. Holding himself in place, Harry made sure his cock would fall away before returning his hands to her body, grasping her breasts and using his thumb to softly smear the saliva he left on the small nubs across her breasts, gently sinking his hips lowering and lower, submerging his cock slowly inside her bum, the pair grunting pleasurably. It took a few moments, but Harry slowly eased his cock inside her arse, burying himself up to the hilt, his shaven crotch pressing against her pert bum cheeks, moans coming to both their lips as Harry's shaft was sandwiched by a tight, flexing arsehole and Luna's prostate was pressed firmly against by his thick, throbbing cock. Savouring the simply pleasure, the pair of them gently ground themselves against the other, Luna gently gyrating her arse against his crotch, the pair of them moaning constantly as they relished the simplicity of a traditional fuck, a rare switch up for both of them considering they were so used to kinky threesome and hardcore fuck sessions. Reeling it all back and simply indulging in a soft, passionate fuck was arguably more pleasurable, enjoyable and simply fun for the pair of them. Stealing another kiss, Harry bit his lip and rested his forehead against hers, the pair sinking into each other's eyes lustfully as Harry slowly began to draw his hips back, slowly revelling in the way her arse clung to his cock, clutching and pulling him, trying desperately to wrench him back inside herself. Drawing his hips back until only the tip remained, Harry paused for a moment, before sliding back inside all with one, long continuous thrust, his balls smacking gently against her bum, the pair groaning in unison as Harry developed a soft, driving rhythm, his thrusts causing Luna's cock, breasts and balls to shake, bouncing back and forth as he built a slow, deep and steady pace, making sure they both felt pleasure with every inch of his shifting cock. Slowly fucking her ass, Harry moaned softly, Luna's head flung backwards as she grunted pleasurably. Each deep thrust pounded against her prostate, making her moan loudly as her body as consumed by pleasure. Speeding up, Harry didn't start to hammer his cock in and out of her, keeping his thrusts, deep, sumptuous and passionate, but making them swifter, sliding her cock back and forth quicker and quicker, the pair of them developing a thin layer of sweat as their bodies began to glisten, grinding and gyrating against one another, craving each morsel of delicious, writhing, cascading pleasure. Leaning upwards, Luna wrapped her legs around Harry's waist, and flipped him onto his back, the pair giggling as the tumbled into a new position, a groan consuming their laughter as Harry's cock sank deep inside her again. Savouring the new position for a moment, Luna shifted herself upwards, feeling her hole part to allow his cock to slide steadily out of her arse, spreading her wider and wider. Bouncing softly up and down, Luna let her eyes roll closed, her hands finding Harry's, intertwining their fingers as she used them for supported, sliding herself up and down, making sure to impale her delectable arse on every single inch of Harry's cock, enjoying every moment that she was full of his delicious length. Harry was enraptured by Luna, her lithe frame and delicate, pert breasts simply stunning him as she writhed and gyrated above him, her lips parted in a permanent moan, her hair flung back gorgeously. He forgot just how gorgeous the young blonde was and simply was taken aback by her appearance as she fucked herself on his cock, their bodies grinding passionately against one another. Wrapping his arms around her waist, Harry pulled her down and forwards, pressing their bodies together once more and holding her arse In place, allowing him to thrust upwards humping her arse a little quicker than before as their bodies barrelled towards their orgasm, intertwined and writhing against one another. With her breasts pressed firmly against his chest and her cock sandwiched between their bellies, Luna was in a miasma of pleasure, her moans constant and tinged with pleasure. The room filled with the swift and audible smacks of Harry's balls against her arse, his fervent thrusts making them both teeter on the edge of orgasm, their cocks spasming and twitching as the simplistic nature of the intimate fucking brought them to the verge of exploding. Their eyes found each-others one last time as they leaned together and kissed, Harry's hips sliding upwards and hitting that sweet spot inside Luna perfectly, their bodies convulsing as they orgasmed rapidly. Harry's cock shot several long strands of cum deep into Luna's bum, filling her to the brim with a fresh load. Parvati did a wonderful job of draining him dry, but he had quickly built his reserves back up as he and Luna danced, his cock begging for another release. A release that was currently filling her to the brim with sweet cum. That orgasm was enough to push her over the edge, the sensation of having her insides coated in cum causing her own cock to spasm and twitch, unloading across Harry and her stomachs, coating them in a thin layer of cum as she twitched and milked herself dry. Moaning softly, she rode down her orgasm, the pair of them savouring every moment until Luna rolled away to one side, flopping back against the bed next to Harry, the girl taking one last kiss as she snuggled up next to him, her arms wrapping around him. "Thank you, Harry Potter…" Luna smiled, as he laid down beside her, the blonde girl nuzzling her head into the crook of Harry's shoulder, cuddling up to him as he pulled the covers of the bed up over them. A part of her wanted to breathe something else entirely, but found the words stuck in her throat. A rare occurrence for her. She often spoke whatever came to mind, but now she found herself unable. The words impossible to croak out, rendered simply as thoughts in her head, silent words that she and she alone would know. For the time being. I love you, Harry Potter. Author's Note: Well… That was… 30,000 words… I originally planned it to be about 9,000 words… Funny how things can get carried away. You start writing a chapter and next thing you know you've written a series of fourteen novels. Ah well. Some may call it excessive, I call it CHRISTMAS! (Or whatever holiday you celebrate). Believe it or not I had to stop myself from writing more. I planned two more 3,000 word sequences, but cut them because it was getting fucking ludicrously long! (Don't worry I'll be writing chapters based on the cut ideas. Skinny-dipping anyone? :) ) I know I ask for reviews a lot, but most of the time I don't think I deserve them. But after writing 30,000 words for one fucking chapter, I think I deserve a couple words of appreciation from you guys. This has probably been one of the most fun chapters to write, if one of the most time consuming and I think that you guys could take a few minutes to show some love for something that probably took at least 24 hours to write. It might make it seem worth it considering I could have used that time to make some money… But idk SMUT 4 LYFE Also, let me know what part was your favourite in the reviews. I have a soft spot for the Patil foursome, but Fleur always seems to make me smile. Especially giving Roger some comeuppance for not paying attention to her. Although, I think we'd all struggle in his position! Have a very happy holidays, have a fantastic fap (or finger) and hopefully spending time with family doesn't detract from reading my stories! P.S. I'll be taking a couple weeks off for a break, but I'll be back in the new year to write more. Also, the Tonks oneshot is up, so go read that! Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Brand new year, brand new ideas! It's going to be one hell of a year! And we are starting it off right. With a pairing that we've only seen smatterings off, but they have never actually gotten down and dirty together. Properly at least. It's a core pairing and a very popular one. (Almost too popular.) So, I hope I do it justice and it's a little different from the usual! Just wanted to say, thanks for the overwhelming support and feedback that came about from the Yule Ball and Tonks One shots. After putting in a lot of work (I mean it's almost long enough to classify as a novel in its own standing) on the Yule Ball, it's great to hear from you guys about it. I'm debating with the idea of splitting it up into smaller chapters, just to make the reading a little easier, but let me know what you guys think about that. I would have to rework it a bit, but would love your guys thoughts. Stick around till the end, where I will explain my upload plans, not only for this story, but my other ones. Long story short, this story will remain weekly, just like it was last year, and the other stories will be a little laxer. But enjoy! Chapter 23: Friends "Harry, you told me you'd figured the egg out weeks ago. The task is two days from now," Hermione berated, as the pair gaze out over the bridge, both of them huddled together, wrapped in thick layers, shivers still claiming them. In all honesty, Harry simply said that to curb her constant and unending questioning. Every morning at breakfast she would ask and every evening in the common room, she'd do the same. Their conversations rarely stretched beyond that, the pair sitting in silence as Harry tried his best to defuse the tension between her and Ron. Most of the time, Ron and Hermione didn't even sit next to each other, but Harry still had to mitigate the silent disdain between the two of them, despite wanting to reunite deep down. "Really? I had no idea," Harry said a little bitterly. His emotions were running high and he had no idea what he was going to do. Not only was he due to face a task in two days-time (a task he had no idea as to the nature off), but he felt the pang of guilt regarding his supposed girlfriend. Having had a rather intimate encounter with Luna, that went beyond a simple shag and bag, he felt like he had cheated. At least emotionally. Yet he didn't have the balls to actually talk to her about it. A flaw that emboldened a lot of the relationships at Hogwarts. An inability to be open and actually talk. An all too familiar occurrence, "I suppose Viktor's already figured it out?" "I wouldn't know. We don't really talk about the tournament. We don't really talk at all. Frankly, I think he'd avoiding me. Ever since the Yule Ball…" Hermione began, wincing as she recounted her rather abrasive treatment of Krum in the forest. It was safe to say, he was hardly appreciative of the treatment she gave him, and he had endeavoured beyond a shadow of a doubt, to avoid her at every port and call, "But… you don't need to hear about that. How was your Yule Ball?" "Really? What happened? I find it hard imagine something that would turn him off you," Harry chuckled, Hermione nudging him slightly in response, giggling softly to herself as Harry let a massive smirk stretch across his face, a thin blush coming to Hermione's face. A blush that wasn't entirely born of nerves, but simple embarrassment of what had happened. She felt nothing stopping her talking about it with Harry, but felt immensely embarrassed about actually having let it happen. Regret found a place amongst her thoughts, far more than reluctance. "Well… You know how it is. Emotions were running high. I might have… read some signals the wrong way and…" Hermione smiled, dancing around the subject entirely, doing her best to not definitively answer the question. However, Harry short her a stern, but bemused smile that caused her to break down and admit her fault in an overtly pure and unadulterated way, "I fucked him in the ass. I mean…" "Blimey…" Harry scoffed, taken aback by her forwardness. He and Hermione were always close and in a strangely perverse way, their encounter in the school gloryhole brought them even closer. Yet a part of him was still surprised by the bookish, nerdly girl openly admitting to such a lewd and proudly naughty thing. She shot him a look and Harry immediately clarified, "No. You're free to do that with anyone. I'm just surprised you would… You know… Just admit it like that." "True. I dunno. I just feel like I've been missing out on something. Like, everyone else has been doing this stuff for years and I'm just catching on now. I dunno, maybe I'm overcompensating…" Hermione said openly, the two turning and starting to slowly walk back along the bridge, making their way towards the castle. Before Harry could say anything, Hermione cut him off, her cheeks deepening in colour as she bowed her head, "That's not the reason I thought we should talk… We're friends right, and we'll always be friends. Which is why I have no shame… or rather think, I should have no shame in asking a favour?" "Okay…" Harry said, screwing his face up slightly as Hermione pulled him to one side as a bunch of second years walked by, their voices becoming hushed as she tried to convey her point. "Well… since things have fallen through with Krum… and there is no way that I can ask Ron... and the Gloryhole is a little, impersonal… Could we?" Hermione asked, speeding through her words swiftly and with out a single break. Taken aback by it all, Harry stared at her dumbly until she finally spat a few words, "Common room. Tonight. After everyone is asleep." And with that, she turned and walked briskly away, the shame of having to ask a friend to help her with her problem building within her, though unbeknownst to her, Harry hadn't quite caught on to exactly what she was insinuating. Taken aback by what she was talking about, Harry watched her walk away until, his gaze was broken by a familiar face. Cedric darted in front of him, a smile on his face as he painfully worked his way through a conversation. However, even as Cedric heavily hinted at the solution to the egg, Harry found himself thinking more and more about Hermione and just what she was talking about. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Night came quickly for Harry as he sat pondering a great deal many things. Sat on his bed, he held the golden egg in his hands, passing it back and forth as he debated following Cedric's advice. At this point there wasn't really much else he could do. Not only that, but as he sat, time ticked by, Ron, Neville, Seamus and Dean all wound down and went to bed, the common room down below filling with silence and Harry's mysterious encounter with Hermione loomed ever closer. Yet, he was entirely certain as to what she intended. Grabbing his cloak and the egg, he headed down to the balcony overlooking the common room and saw Hermione, reclined on the sofa, pouring through a book. Completely and utterly naked. "You know? You could have just asked?" Harry called playfully down as he made his way down the stairs, Hermione instinctively lifting the book she was reading to her chest, hiding her breasts, before relaxing, comforted by the knowledge that it was Harry. He walked across the room and slid down into one of the arm chairs, his eyes running up and down her body, admiring the assets that she so flagrantly tried to hide from him the last time they were together like this. "I did ask," Hermione said, closing the book and setting it aside, her cock throbbing between her legs, aching for attention. Ever since the Yule Ball, she had been unpleasured and unstimulated. Her visits to the gloryhole were fruitless as everyone seemed to have acquired a real partner in the wake of the Yule Ball, turning the gloryhole into something that was near obsolete. "In the most backwards and baffling way? You should have just said on the bridge and we could have gone and done something about it then and there," Harry smiled, his eyes drawn to the curve of her hips, craving a look at her bum. Even before their time in the Gloryhole, Harry had fantasised about his friend's arse. Framed in those tight jeans she always wore; her bum was a delicious thing indeed, "You've overcome your nerves I see?" "Huh… It's strange. This doesn't feel weird. Like… You're looking at me and that's fine. I don't feel… exposed. It's quite… Freeing, isn't it?" Hermione smiled, sliding to one half of the sofa and sitting curled up, her breasts still proudly on display, her cock dipping between her legs and the sumptuous expanse of one of her arse cheeks being put proudly on display, "Don't suppose you'll? You know? Get naked?" "Oh, yeah. Of course…" Harry stammered, a little taken aback by Hermione's sudden request. He couldn't help, but smirk at what she was saying. It felt great to have someone like that. A friend. Harry had that with Ginny, but there was always that romantic undertone, that intimacy that bound them together. But with Hermione, it was like having a friend, you were comfortable enough being naked around, shagging and not worrying about the pitfalls of falling in love. It reminded him of his relationship with Katie. He could wager they could spend hours talking in the buff without the notion of love even coming into play. Pulling his hoodie off, Harry made short work of his clothes, unawares that Hermione's eyes were keenly watching him, her gaze darting back and forth across his tone chest and abs. As he unbuttoned his trousers, Hermione couldn't help but bite her lip, eager to have his cock revealed to her. A carnal lust inside her wanted a cock. Maybe it was days of having no relief, or maybe it was Hermione finally coming to terms with herself. Dropping his jeans, he tore his boxers off and tossed them to one side, before sliding down onto the empty seat of the sofa, reclining into the cushions and relaxing a little, the freedom of being naked in such a public place making him smirk. "It's still mad mind you," Hermione said, her eyes running up and down Harry's thick length, remembering just how enjoyable it was to have It in her hand, throbbing and pulsating. Her memory of their encounter was vivid. From each of the cocks that came through the wall, to the pair reclining and stroking each other off, "I mean, half a year ago, I would have been terrified of even changing in my dorm." "I know the feeling. I couldn't imagine having sex with anyone, let alone discovering that all the girls at school had cocks. And then managing to have sex with a bunch of them," Harry chuckled, remembering the nights at the Dursleys, fantasising about people from school and all the things he wanted to do. Not one of those fantasises was close to the reality he was a part of. "A bunch?" Hermione smiled promiscuously, unfolding her legs, her hand unwittingly dropping to her cock and gently starting to stroke herself off, Harry prompted to do the same as his own cock craved some attention. Lowering his hand to his shaft, Harry lazily began to jerk himself off, moaning softly as he relieved some much-needed tension, his eyes gorging themselves on Hermione's body, simply adding to the pleasure. His focus was quickly shattered as Hermione purred, "Sounds like there is a story or two I don't know. Care to share?" "Share? Only if you are willing to as well?" Harry smirked, his hand speeding steadily along his shaft as Hermione reclined, her hand jerking faster and faster, her breath growing slightly ragged, her chest rising and falling rapidly as she nodded, biting her lip. Chuckling, Harry tried to decide where to begin, only to realise just how many people he had had sex with. The list wasn't massive, but it was enough to cause him to take a step back and smirk, "I suppose, the beginning would be the best place to start. With Ginny. At the World Cup…" "Oh, I remember that intimately…" Hermione moaned, remembering just how she walked in on the two of them, butt naked. Despite her fervour and clamour to hide them away, the undeniable twinge of pleasure surged through her cock. She would be hard pressed to denounce the fact that her cock hardened instantly upon seeing the two of them pressed intimately together, gently rutting against one another. That quiet voice inside her that remained repressed at the time told he she should join in. Had the Hermione that now existed been in control back then, there would have been a real chance for a perverse and naughty situation. "If I remember correctly, you were close to feinting at the sight of us," Harry chuckled adjusting his position on the sofa slightly, Hermione shuffling towards him slightly, until their shoulders touched against one another, the pair of them focussed singularly on their own cocks, their hands jerking and gliding up and down in unison, the soft fapping sounds of their masturbation filling the common room. "How wrong I was. Tell me about it. Your first time with Ginny… What was it like?" Hermione asked, the question being surprisingly intimate. Consumed by the lust of the situation, she allowed herself to be a little improper. At least a little more improper than they already were. "Oh, it was amazing. Even though we weren't like a thing, it was nice," Harry recounted, Hermione's moans growing louder and louder as he recalled the details. The way their bodies clashed together, hammering back and forth, with Ginny's arse massaging his cock whilst her cheeks bounced and jiggled, "And she was gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous. Her bum, her breasts… Oh and she was tight…" "Tight… Mmm… Ron was tight. That first time. In the bathroom. You probably didn't even notice…" Hermione smiled, recalling the moment she was introduced to the delicious avenue of life that was sex. Fucking Ron in that bathroom was easily the highlight of her year. Sinking herself deep into his virgin arse as they moaned in unison was unbelievable. Normally, Harry would have recoiled at the notion of imagining his best friend bent over getting a cock shoved up his arse, but having not only seen it, but been strangely intrigued by it at the Yule Ball, the thought simply made his hand move faster. Not out of lust for the act, but simply the passion Hermione put into her words, describing her first encounter, despite Harry knowing full well that he not only knew about it, but he had walked in on them, "Who was your next conquest then, Harry?" "Conquest…" Harry chuckled deciding to take it up a notch. Letting his cock fall back into place, Harry slid her hand over to Hermione, taking the initiative and brushing Hermione's hand away from her cock. Instead of recoiling, startled, she smiled eagerly and returned the favour, her hand sliding down to his cock, wrapping tightly around his shaft and gently starting to move back and forth, their bodies sliding closer and closer. Harry started to move his hand across her cock, thrilled to have his best friend's throbbing shaft back in his hands. Savouring the pleasure, he remembered back to his next encounter, fondly smiling as he remembered the moment on the train, "Oh, it was Luna. She was naughty. And her tongue. Her tongue could work wonders." "I know. Luna was really kinky. Took my entire length into her mouth without even blinking," Hermione interrupted, Harry's eyes opening and turning towards Hermione, startled and thrilled that Hermione and Luna had fucked. It was like a fantasy of his came bursting into life. Two of his hottest and best friends fucking. "You and Luna? What happened there?" Harry said eagerly, wanting to know more, smiling as he revelled in the moment. Two friends sharing their encounters whilst jerking each other off. There was something so… fulfilling about it. Like they were catching up on entirely different level. "You won't believe me if I told you," Hermione smiled salaciously. Her mind turning back to her first true and proper threesome. Every hole was used, theirs tongues went everywhere. It was night of pure and utter bliss, mired amongst orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. She couldn't walk straight, and the shower barely cleaned of that musky aroma. She fantasised night after night, following that evening and whilst her cock was sufficiently drained, her body lusted for more. To have her shaft sunk once more in Ginny or to have lips around Luna or to have them tending to her, their tongues dancing across her body, "It wasn't just me and Luna… Ginny was there too… What do you think of that? Us three fucking each other?" "Oh… my… You're kidding me?" Harry breathed, his hand slowing down on Hermione's cock, as she grinned, knowing she had captured him in a lustful haze. She smiled at the idea of having Harry wrapped around her finger, ready to do anything she desired. Turning herself, she lowered her lips to his chest, pressing them against his nipple, gently biting his nipple as he reclined, his hand sliding out of the way and giving Hermione full access. As her tongue danced across his nipple, her eyes were gazing lustfully downwards towards his cock. Planting soft kisses down along his stomach, she came face to face with his shaft, biting her lip as she jerked him steadily back and forth, her arse pushed up in the air, presenting itself towards the Portrait of the Fat Lady. "Not in the slightest. Your girlfriend was really tight… And her cock… Oh, the things I wanted to do with that cock. I could have played with it for days," Hermione moaned, not quite believing the words she was coming out with. Had Harry not have been in a state of pleasure ridden thought, he would have called attention to her rather uncharacteristic words, but his cock was in heaven, massaged by Hermione's dainty and nimble fingers, gliding softly along his shaft, her hot breath lingering nearer and nearer as Hermione was pushed closer and closer to taking the next step in their friendship and lavishing his cock with her mouth, "I wish you could have been there. It would have been so hot. But I'll make up for It now…" Before Harry could realise her intention, her lips had parted and enveloped the tip of his cock, her tongue running circles around the bulbous tip of his cock, lapping at the delicious beads of pre-cum that were rolling across his velvety purplish head. Moaning as his best friend's mouth wrapped around his cock, Harry stared downwards in disbelief for a moment, his mind reeling. Not only from the sudden revelation that during their minor relationship hiccup, Ginny had partaken in a threesome with two of the hottest girls he knew, but he was reeling from the fact that his best friend and long time secret sex fantasy now had his cock inside her mouth, her tongue dancing eagerly across his tip. He could recount a multitude of amazing sexual experiences from the year, but somehow, none were as satisfying as this. Not in a romantic way, but in a pure carnal lust. Like their friendship had been building to this quiet understanding in which they were comfortable to be this intimate without fear of any romantic developments. That and his bushy-haired best friend was sucking his cock. Harry always had a soft spot for blowjobs. So warm and tight. Sumptuous and silky. They could be slow, deep and methodical or hard, rough and sloppy. And he was eager to see Hermione's take on the all time classic. Her hand continued to jerk back and forth, milking a couple more drops of salty pre-cum onto her tongue before she positioned her head above his cock and slowly began to push downwards. Letting her lips inch down his shaft, Hermione moaned, the feeling of having his shaft slide inside her mouth making her cock twitch and throb, her shaft begging for attention. Attention she wished she could provide, but she instead delivered to Harry. As she pushed downwards, she felt his tip prod against the back of her throat. Considering how the first and only time she had managed to deepthroat somewhat successfully was with Krum on the night of the Yule Ball, she was hesitant to take Harry's cock into her throat, but decided that it was a special enough occasion for her to choke and gag on his shaft. It was a particularly delicious shaft, so she was somewhat excited to do so "Just because I'm busy down here, doesn't mean you have to stop telling me about your… endeavours," Hermione smirked, plucking her lips from his shaft just long enough to murmur those words, before she plunged her mouth back down on his cock, pressing the tip of his cock against the back of her throat and slowly starting to swallow, the head of his shaft dipping deeper into her flexing throat. As she swallowed, she was surprised that her throat didn't clamp down and begin to spasm immediately. In fact, it was relatively comfortable, which is to say slightly uncomfortable. The discomfort was mitigated by the pure erotic arousal of having a cock probing the depths of her mouth, sliding deeper and deeper. A couple inches slipped inside before she started to choke slightly, her throat tightening and clenching around his shaft as she spewed a mouthful of saliva down and along his cock, her hand steadily jerking back and forth, smearing it across his shaft. "Erm… Oh, fuck… Well, didn't really want to tell anyone about this. But the interview with, with Rita was a little more intimate than I had wanted. She had surprisingly nice body. Nice tits. Oh!" Harry exclaimed as Hermione began to moan, savouring the lustful tale he was telling her. Everyone had assumed Rita had at least attempted to woo the Champions due to Krum's outburst becoming gossip around the school. But no one knew exactly how else the other Champions had reacted to her advances. But now, Hermione knew that Harry was dutiful in his desires. Spurred on by the image of Harry and Rita, the older woman pounding into Harry, Hermione forced her lips down around the rest of Harry's cock, swallowing his entirely length and steadily breathing through her nose until she calmed down, her throat growing accustomed to the thick length. She wasn't sure why she pictured Harry being the bottom to Rita, but she had found her late night fantasies being more orientated to men being bent over rather than herself. A confidence given to her by her incredibly pleasurable, if drastic encounter with Krum, "And then there was Katie…" Before Harry could utter a word about Katie, Hermione began to pull her lips back along his cock, quickly withdrawing a couple inches before easing her throat back down. The first few strokes, were clumsy and had her throat spasming and flexing around his cock, but as she worked up a pace and a stride, she managed to throat his cock with little to no fault. Spluttering once or twice, Hermione quickly developed her rhythm, bobbing her head up and down, her hands steadying herself, planted firmly on his thighs. Brushing her hair out of her eyes, she dropped one hand down to his balls, gently massaging them and using the saliva that occasionally dribbled out of her mouth. The room quickly filled with the sound of a deep, sloppy blowjob, Hermione's short concise movements, filling the room with slurping slaps, her lips colliding softly with Harry's crotch, thin patches of hair re-growing eventually after Katie's tender man-scaping. With his breath taken away by Hermione's adept throat, Harry found himself not wanting to simply lay there and do nothing. Gently, he rested his hand on her back, a little unsure if he was allowed to. Even after jerking each other off and her deepthroating him, he didn't share Hermione's empty confidence. Sliding his hand down along the small of her back, he planted a hand firmly on Hermione's shapely bum, the heart shaped derriere making his breathing a shallow as he finally laid a hand on it. It was surprisingly taut, yet equally soft. There perfect amount to grip and pull without being saggy. Fleur's arse was perfectly shaped, but Hermione's had a brilliant shape and the perfect fullness behind them, making them a joy to squeeze and pull, with all the added attention forcing delicious moans from her lips, the vibrations dancing up and along his cock as she bobbed up and down. In time, she was able to pull more of his cock out of her throat before sliding down, her blowjob developing and becoming more refined, much to Harry's pleasure and astonishment. "What was Katie into? What naughty stuff did you get up to with her?" Hermione moaned, as she pulled her lips off and smiled at her, relishing the gentle fondling. Returning her mouth to his cock, Hermione plunged it back into place, giving Harry an idea. As much as he wanted to savour his best friend's oral skills, he was presented with the perfect way to get a one up on her. They were friends after all and this was hardly meant to be an intimate engagement. And he definitely didn't want to pass up the opportunity of putting her arse cheeks through their paces. Sliding his hands down to Hermione's waist, Harry swiftly lifted her up and pulled her across his lap, his cock sliding out of her mouth smacking her chin. Sliding down between her breasts, his cock grinded against her stomach as he planted her arse firmly on his lap, Hermione taken aback by the sudden shift in position. Before she could realise his intentions, his intentions hit her. Firmly and sharply upon the rear of her arse, her cheeks jiggling as he spanked her sharply. For a brief moment, Hermione yelped, a tiny moan building in her mouth as she sat there and took it, a perverse part of her wanting to see what it was like. However, he struck her other cheek and she yelped painfully, any promise of pleasure failing her as she squirmed to free herself of his grip. Harry managed to land one last slap, clipping her bum as she wriggled free and scrambled across the floor, playfully kicking him as he erupted laughing. It took Hermione a moment, but soon enough she joined him gently, giggling as she looked up at him, her cheeks burning a little against the rough carpet, "I didn't need a demonstration! Although, I must say I'm surprised? Katie Bell? I always thought she was a little bit… reserved. Almost a prude?" "Coming from you? I'm pretty sure you scolded me and Ginny at the beginning of the year for being so undignified as to have sex," Harry reprimanded, Hermione blushing slightly as she rose to her feet, her cock dribbling pre-cum, ready to explode as she slid back into her place on the sofa, jerking herself off once again, Harry doing the same, his hand moving swifter with the additional lubrication. "Well, I'm a changed woman. But really? Katie is kinky?" Hermione asked. Katie had always been quiet. Sure, she was in the year above and Hermione never really knew her well, but she often kept to herself and didn't make herself out to be that kind of girl. Then again, Hermione was in herself a revolution against the norm. "She was kinky. Actually, more rough than kinky. It was whips and chains, just a little harder than most people," Harry explained, remembering the time in the shower with Katie fondly. It was strange. It seemed like an age ago, but was only a month or two. Hermione winced slightly as she wriggled into the sofa, her cheeks stinging, drawing Harry's attention, "Sorry about that… Allow me to make amends." "What?" Hermione stammered as Harry slid down onto his knees between her legs, a smile coming to her lips as she realised what was coming. Sliding her hand down to the base of her cock, she angled her shaft towards him, helping him out slightly. A wry smirk came to his lips as he wrapped his hands around her ankles, sliding his hands slowly up and along his legs, sliding them underneath her thighs. Gripping her soft legs, Harry gave her a cheeky wink, the girl catching onto to the notion that blowjob wasn't his intention. Before she could realise what, he meant, she felt her body get pulled forwards and pushed up. Laying on her back, her ass hung off the sofa, with Harry's hands pushing against her legs, pushing them up and backwards, her cock smacking her stomach as the object of Harry's attention came into his view. Her tight, puckered arsehole. Grinning to herself, Hermione reclined backwards, waiting for it, savouring the anticipation of his skilled tongue getting into her most pleasurable crevice. "So, what about you? Anyone else beyond Krum, Ron, Luna and Ginny?" Harry asked, before lowering his head downwards and pressing his tongue against her hole. Hermione had forgot just how much pleasure could be attainted from a simply lick to her back entrance. Sure, sliding a thick, meaty cock inside there was nice enough, but the slick, wriggling precision of a tongue, especially one that knew what it was doing, was simply divine. She and Krum rarely indulged in such pleasures, her night with Ginny and Luna marking the last time she felt someone's mouth at work between her cheeks. And she was pleased to learn that Ginny had imparted some tutelage upon Harry, even though his skills were born of extensive pointers and tips from Katie as she pushed her arse into his face. Even the first lick was enough to make her moan. And there was plenty more to come from there. "You won't believe it… But I had got a blowjob from Fleur Delacour and her little sister. In the forest. Merlin's beard… the French know what they are doing," Hermione moaned, remembering the sumptuous pleasure of the two girl's mouths in the woods and how foolish her emotion driven decision to leave midway through was. She could savoured their mouths for weeks. Even the small time she had with Fleur before the First Task paled in comparison to the duo doing their thing. Harry had started to trace her hole, running quick circles around her bum, flicking the tip of his tongue back and forth, grazing the most sensitive parts of her puckered posterior. Gently prodding her entrance, he threatened to push inside, the thin tip of his tongue inching slowly forwards, taunting and teasing Hermione with the sumptuous pleasure of a proper Rimjob. However, as soon as she said she had gotten a double blowjob from two French bombshells, Harry had to pull away. "Really? Both of them?" Harry asked, the giddy and eager young boy erupting from inside of him. Even he couldn't denounce the allure of the French sisters. Even though they were nowhere around, the mere thought of them was enough to set Harry on fire. Disappointed with Harry's retreat from her bum, Hermione slid a hand down to his messy black hair and guided him back into place, coaxing his lips to her arse and waiting until his tongue slid back into place, pushing slowly into her rear entrance. Pushing her thighs back further and further, Harry spread her arse wider, his tongue sliding easily inside, wriggling deeper and deeper until his lips were pressed snugly around her ring. Dancing back and forth inside her arse, Harry made sure his tongue swept every inch, probing deeper and deeper, trying desperately to graze that sensitive sweet spot that was deep inside her ass. "Oh… yeah… The younger one, Gabrielle. She can really use her mouth. And a couple weeks later, just before the First Task. In the Champions tent, I got to fuck Fleur. Fleur Delacour! Me? Oh, it was incredible. And tight," Hermione recounted, Harry's eyes widened realising that he had been fucking Ginny at the same time his best friend was getting balls deep in Fleur Delacour. He tried to pull his lips away to say something, but Hermione's hand firmly reminded him that he was tending to her, his tongue erratically moving back and forth inside her hole, the tip managing to gently graze her prostate, Hermione breathing rapidly as she arched back, the pleasure of having even the slightest portion of her sweet spot massaged by a tongue causing her to spasm, "Then again. I think I met Gabrielle one night. In the Gloryhole. She wasn't nearly as tight as her sister." "You're kidding?" Harry managed to stammer, pulling his lips briefly away from her ass, only to have his head pushed back into place by Hermione, growing slightly impatient with his lack of focus. Brushing his hands away from her thighs, Hermione draped her legs over his shoulder, curling one around his neck to lock him in place, his tongue plunged deep inside her arse. Harry relished the effect his tongue had on her. It was never about enjoying sliding his tongue inside someone's ass, because frankly it was a rather monotonous endeavour and bore him little pleasure. It was about how the writhed and spasmed as his tongue moved inside them. There was something about having something small and quick that made being rimmed feel oh so incredible. And watching Hermione's face go through pleasurable rush after pleasurable rush made his cock twitch in that sumptuous, pleasurable way. Using her leg, Hermione managed to pull Harry deeper, his tongue sinking a tiny little bit deeper. It was never about depth as the tiniest movement deeper with a tongue was like an entire inch of cock. At least when someone talented was lodged deep inside. And Harry was quite talented. The leg around his neck, lifted her arse a little so that Harry wasn't probing upwards into her, but down, the angle affording for even more pleasure. Hermione's hand abandoned his head, trusting her leg to keep him in place. She wanted to touch her cock, but knew the simplest strokes would cause her to erupt. Leaving her shaft to spew pre-cum down onto her stomach, she instead took her breasts in each hand, gently squeezing them and toying with her nipples. The small pain of twisting her nipple was enough to mitigate the onslaught on pleasure flooding from her arse. But it wasn't enough and eventually she dropped her legs, pulling her bum away from Harry's lips and breathing erratically, trying to stave off an orgasm that was moments away from bursting across Harry's face. "Merlin's beard Harry… Ginny's a lucky girl," Hermione breathed, stopping Harry from lunging back in, lowering her legs and catching her breath. Smirking, Harry slid backwards, sitting on the floor and propping himself up against the coffee table in front of the sofa. As she steadied herself, she said, "I do hope you and Ginny work things out. Ron's not as… unstable as you think. At least I think so. He might be pissed at first, but he'll come around. It's not worth it to throw something like that away." "I do miss her. Talking. We'd talk about stuff like this. We were a bit more open than traditional couples, I reckon. We'd talk about who we fucked and laugh. Joke about organising a threesome. Most of the time, I hoped it would be a joke!" Harry smirked, reminiscing about the times they spent together. Sure, the sex was great. Wild even. He was sure if they hadn't had their hiccup, they'd be doing some really crazy stuff. But it was the intimacy that he missed. Her cuddling up to him at night, "I suppose. All the sex is great, but without someone to talk to it about. It becomes a quick blow and go." "I guess you're right. Me and Ron were never really that open about it all. He didn't really seem all to thrilled about the idea of me having sex with other people. Don't know if he'd be particularly thrilled about me listing it all off," Hermione smiled. It was true. One of the most enjoyable parts that she didn't expect from this evening was simply talking about who they fucked. As friends. She could only imagine what it would be like with someone she was romantically engaged with. "Well… maybe avoid the Bulgarian sport, sex symbols and focus on the stunning French blondes. I'm sure he'd be thrilled to imagine you two together," Harry smirked. Him and Ginny's relationship wouldn't work for everyone, but Hermione and Ron were good together. They kept each other in check. At least when they weren't lying to each other and keeping quiet. "True. Did you know Krum was a virgin? At least in receiving. I deflowered a Bulgarian sex symbol's arse," Hermione smirked, as Harry pushed himself up onto his feet and sat down on the sofa beside her, pulling her in for a friendly hug, the pair of them thinking about Ginny and Ron. "Shall we wrap this up? Not that I'm not enjoying myself, but I have to go try and figure out the second task and I'm running desperately out of time. Like… really desperately," Harry chuckled, pulling away from her and reclining expectantly. "Right? So? What position?" Hermione said, sitting there expectantly, not entirely sure as to what Harry was suggesting by reclining and presenting himself. Her mind instantly leapt to the logical conclusion that she would be topping Harry, whilst Harry naturally came to the opposite conclusion, "Do you wanna bend over?" "Me? I thought you were gonna. Play that part? I mean I'm lubed up and your bum is loosened. Only makes sense?" Harry blagged, his words ringing true, bringing a smirk to Hermione's eyes as he swindled his way into fucking her. Truth be told, it was always one of her fantasies to be balls deep in the famous Harry's Potter's ass. She had hoped she would be able to savour that fantasy, but he was right. Save that indulgence for a later date. "Fine. But… I want your assurance that I can be on top next time?" Hermione smirked, lifting herself and straddling Harry's waist, his cock sliding up against her cock. Dropping both her hands to her crotch, Hermione sandwiched their shafts together, jerking them both off at the same time as Harry looked up at her. "Next time? You seem confident there will be a next time?" Harry chuckled, sliding his hands up to her hips, and gently grinding himself upwards, sliding his cock along hers as a salacious smile stretched across her face. Sliding around to her bum, Harry took a grip of each of her cheeks, gently groping the soft handfuls of flesh, "Have I made that much of an impression?" "Well, if I don't back with Ron soon, I may need another… hand. Or even if I do get back with him. Something on the side? Strictly off the record?" Hermione smiled, loving the way his hands pulled and played with her bum cheeks, the handfuls of flesh being strangely sensitive. "I don't think lying to Ron would be a great way to kick start a second attempt at a relationship," Harry smiled, lifting one hand up to her breast and gently squeezing it as Hermione lifted herself up. Instead of impaling herself on his cock, she slid it behind her, her plump bum cheeks massaging his shaft as it slid between the two of them, grinding against her slick, puckered bum hole. "True. Maybe I wouldn't have to lie. A Threesome? Or maybe we could a couple's thing? You and Ginny, me and Ron? Could swap?" Hermione suggested, Harry openly laughing at the prospect. Not only would Ron literally explode at the idea of Ginny and him having sex in front of him, but swapping partners would cause him to go insane. "That is wrong on so many levels," Harry laughed as Hermione reached a hand behind herself, grabbing his cock by the base and resting the tip against her arsehole. Gently sliding downwards, she wriggled the throbbing head of his cock inside herself, easing enough of his cock inside her so that it would stay there without her hand. "But right on some many other ones…" Hermione purred, partly to herself as she closed her eyes and slowly eased herself down Harry's cock, not wanting to slam herself onto his shaft, but wanting to take it slow. Partly because she wasn't a big fan of hard and fast sex (but try telling Krum that after the Yule Ball) and partly because if she went too fast she was in danger of cumming way too quickly. And whilst speed was off the essence for Harry in terms of the things he needed to do, Hermione didn't want things ending too quickly. She wanted to savour the first orgasm in days. Slowly, she pushed herself downwards until her bum was resting on his legs, her hands planted firmly on his chest to stabilize herself, adjusting to the new shaft inside her. It always took a moment to adjust to the wrinkles and ridges of someone else's cock. Making the assumption that every cock was the same was the quickest way to unexpectedly make your arse hurt immensely. Moaning in unison as Harry sank every inch of himself into Hermione, both of them took a breather, the eroticism of the situation getting to them both, their pent-up orgasms on the verge of simply exploding. Staving off the inevitable, they both forced themselves to hold off, their cocks growing more sensitive as a result, even the slightest movement being able to set them both off. As a result, they were hardly crashing their bodies against one another, instead opting for subtle gyrations, Hermione grinding her bum down onto Harry, moving his cock back and forth inside her, massaging her prostate with his cock as her eyes clamped shut. Harry's cock was sandwiched in a deliciously tight hole, but It was Hermione's gentle grinding that was threatening to push him over the edge. Her bum was pushing down onto his balls, the gentle pressure almost forcing him to cum inside her. Needing to relieve some of the pressure on his balls, Harry grabbed Hermione's hips and eased her upwards, the movement of a single inch, causing Hermione to fall forwards, a dribble cum pouring out the end of her cock, the rest of her orgasm curbed as she moaned loudly. She could feel it in her shaft, ready to explode outwards, but she denied herself the pleasure, the subtle movements of Harry's cock inside her setting her body on fire. And the edging of her orgasm was amplifying the pleasure. It was like she had a dam holding back her orgasm as wave after wave of pleasure built up, threatening to burst through. A perverse part of her wanted to see just how long she could last before her body simply couldn't withstand it. Harry was much the same, the relieving of pressure on his balls being enough to stop him from cumming. He felt an arbitrary degree of honour to have Hermione cum before him. The muggle world was obsessed with the notion and that bled into his desire to give her the relief before sampling it himself. With that in mind, Harry was presented with an avenue of pleasure that he could provide. Her breasts were swaying softly, gently dangling in front of him as she buried her head in the pillow behind him. Leaning forwards with his mouth, he took her breast in his mouth, gently working his lips down to her nipple, his tongue wrapping around the nub as he gently began to suckle on it, inadvertently ripping Hermione's breath away from her as she gasped, the unexpected pleasure almost breaking her. Gritting her teeth, she felt a bead of pre-cum ease out of the tip of her cock. Not wanting to explode, Hermione felt herself go over the edge as Harry bit the bullet and grabbed her hips. Tiring of the subtle movements, Harry decided to go for it. Wrapping an arm around her waist, Harry pulled her down, his cock sinking deep inside her. The new position lifted her arse slightly and allowed Harry to thrust upwards. Trusting that his tongue had done enough to get her close to her orgasm, Harry began to fuck her, hard and fast. The first few strokes being all it took to push him over the edge. Continuing to thrust as he came, he spurted several strands of cum deep into her bum, her cock pushing the white substance deeper into her bum with each thrust, his tip hammering her prostate. Squealing loudly, Hermione rambled mindlessly as she had the most intense orgasm possible, her cock sandwiched between her own stomach and Harry's, the pent-up effect of her edging causing her to explode, strands bursting along their stomachs and up to the chests, landing on Harry's neck as he continued to fuck her even as his cock softened. Almost carried by muscle memory, he thrust until he couldn't, his cock softening and sliding out, unable to remain lodged inside her. "Maybe tone down the suggestive promiscuity, but apart from that…" Harry smirked as the two caught their breath, Hermione easing herself up onto her knees and brushing her wild hair out of her eyes as Harry grinned upwards at her, "I'm liking the new Hermione." Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that! Let me know what you thought of It. I've said it before, but I always find Hermione and Harry a really daunting pairing and It is definitely the hardest of the core pairings to write. I reckon Ron/Ginny is easier! So, please let me know if I nailed or cocked it up royally for you! I should also mention the new Poll. We are about half way through the story and I want to find out what people enjoy and what they don't enjoy. And thus, I'm going to be doing two Polls, the first asking for your favourite chapter and the second, asking for your least favourite one. So, do me a favour and answer the first one. It will help me figure out what to write more off! Now, to explain my upload schedule plan. For the first part of year at least, I will be uploading two chapters a week (minimum). I will be keeping the weekly upload for Sensations of Shemales with the other chapter being either the Hunger Games or Doctor Who. Those two will alternate and become fortnightly. I will try and upload a chapter for both Doctor Who stories, but might not be able to. However, if Amy's story get's update one fortnight then either only Clara's story or both will be updated the next fortnight. As for my other stories and why they won't be being updated, here is the reason. I don't have the drive to write Modern Family anymore and don't want to pump out a poor-quality product just to keep people happy. A Song of Grunts and Moans will be updated whenever I feel like it. So, if I get finished with the chapters I have planned for that week and feel like writing more, that'll be what I write. I will be doing a proper story for game of thrones using (Game of Moans: Fuck or be Fucked) but that needs planning so won't be ready for a while. The same for A Song of Shemales and Futas. Once that is planned, I'll get started. Hope that all makes sense. If not, pop me a PM or a review and I'll try and answer it. Next week is going to an experiment. In the sense that I have no idea how the anatomy of it all works and just how one would do that with an incorporeal being. But hey, sex is sex even with a screaming ghost. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Another week, another chapter. And I want to preface this one with an… forewarning. I have no idea how this chapter is going to turn out. It's one of the few chapters that I knew I was going to definitely write, but had no idea just how it would play out. It might end up being a bit of a flop, but I do hope not. Because I think I'm going to have to get creative about how pleasure can be acquired in such a scenario. I'll be honest, I never thought in my life time, I'd have genuinely contemplate the anatomical compatibility between a shemale ghost and a human being. I mean how does that even work. I suppose I'll try and figure something out. Here's hoping it's actually sexy! Feedback on this one would be very much appreciated! The Poll to vote for your favourite chapter so far is still up and running. Obviously, this chapter won't be a part of it, but I am still strangely surprised by your guys picks. Very interesting stuff! P.S. Yes, this chapter is a little early. I won't be around tomorrow to upload it so, have at it! Chapter 24: A Ghostly Crush "I must be out of my mind," Harry sighed as he turned around in the water, his feet gently kicking to keep himself afloat. Grabbing the egg, he prematurely winced as he slowly twisted the lock. The egg burst open, the all too familiar screeching of god knows what echoing around the room, threatening to smash the windows with it's shrill and piercing cadence. Snapping it shut, he breathed a sigh of relief, pinning himself against the wall of the bath. "Oh… It's you Harry? Long-time, no see. I thought maybe the other boy had come back," a voice smiled from across the room, Harry turning sharply, met with the promiscuous grin of an all too familiar ghostly figure. Myrtle had draped herself across one of the stone pillars, watching Harry intently as he fumbled around with the egg. His eyes widened as he swept more bubbles over his privates, having decided to swim naked out of the comforting knowledge that no one else would be here. How wrong he was. "Myrtle. How long have you been there?" Harry asked, conscious that he had stripped himself naked rather flagrantly, proudly displaying himself to what he assumed to be his own privacy. Giggling, Myrtle floated slowly down, hovering above the middle of the bathtub, a toothy smile on her face. "Not as long as I would have liked," Myrtle giggled, her eyes trying desperately to find a hole in Harry's shield of bubbles. It was no secret that she had a thing for Harry. And whilst she remained the same age, it was safe to say her ideologies had changed over time, her ideas of romance transforming from the cosy novelty of sharing her toilet in the event of Harry's death to the more adult side of Hogwarts, "Oh… you have one of those eggs as well. The other boy had one. He spent a lot of time fiddling with it. Whilst fiddling with other things." "You mean Cedric? What did he do? Harry asked desperately as Myrtle flung herself up into the air before plunging down into the water, causing Harry to shuffle and hide his shaft from her view. Little did he know; the bubbles were thick enough so that Myrtle couldn't see his tool on display. Sliding up out of the water, coughing slightly, Myrtle slid herself up so that she was sitting on the edge of the bath, her feet moving back and forth in the water, but not stirring any waves. "Cedric? A handsome name for a handsome boy. Not as handsome as you, mind. He sat right here. With that egg beside him. And he slowly began to stroke himself off. I couldn't do anything but watch, but boy did he know how to put on show," Myrtle recounted, Harry wincing as he realised what she was doing. She reclined slowly and mimed with her hand a slow and steady movement along her crotch, pretending to moan as she did so, noticing the look on Harry's face and bursting in a loud string of her trademark cackle, "I'm only kidding." "The egg? How did he solve the egg?" Harry asked more explicitly, not giving her the slightest bit of room for creative interpretation as she slid down into the water, rubbing her body up against his, the cold friction of her incorporeal body making him shiver. She was able to press up against him as she had a body. A cold, almost watery body. But he knew that if she wanted to, she could just as easily slide through him. Unbeknownst to him, Myrtle had mastered the fine line of touch, hovering in that sweet spot where she could touch things. Like someone hovering their finger above water, just enough to graze the surface. The slightest movement would be enough to break the illusion and slip right through Harry. "Oh? The egg? Don't you want to relieve some tension before all that? We haven't seen each other in two years? Well, you haven't seen me. I can't help, but sneak a peek every now and again. You could at least ask me how I'm doing? It can get ever so lonely in the drains. Watching people talk and flirt and… other stuff…" Myrtle lamented, as Harry shifted uncomfortably, feeling what felt like a hand travelling along his thigh. At least, it might have been a hand. He couldn't quite tell due to Myrtle being… a ghost. "How are you doing, Myrtle?" Harry asked, indulging the ghost. As soon as the words left his lips, she drifted across the water, wailing as she did so, Harry sighing as he realised he had ostensibly asked for the oncoming lamentation that Myrtle was undoubtedly about to unleash. "It's so lonely. Drifting through the castle, watching everyone do there thing. People talking and laughing. You get tired of watching. And then there are all the people jerking off," Myrtle lamented, the last part taking Harry by surprise as she opened herself up, "Always jerking off. In cupboards, in bed, in my bathroom! The gall! Either that or they bring a friend and fuck on top of my toilet! I have to sleep there! There are only so many times you can watch that happen before wondering what it's like yourself. Oh, the woes of being dead and not having blossomed." "Surely you could find another ghost? Can ghosts even have sex?" Harry asked, unwittingly offending Myrtle, her temper snapping and her blood running hot. Well as hot as it could be considering her constant state of death. Turning suddenly on the spot, she leapt across the water, bellowing and shrieking. "Of course, we can have sex! What do you think we just float around doing nothing all day!" Myrtle shrieked angrily, before pulling away and suddenly turning back to her soft and wailing tones, "But no. All the other ghosts are either old or creepy. There are the knights, I suppose they might be quite hunky. But alas, they are all headless." "So, you have sex? You?" Harry asked, surprised at the idea of ghosts having sex. How would it even work? There was literally no explanation in Harry's head as he eyed up Myrtle, trying to figure out just how she would be able to fuck someone. Or be fucked. "Well… not exactly. But it's not the fact that I'm a ghost that's stopping me. I think Peeves said it was my good looks. All the other ghosts are afraid of asking," Myrtle smiled, sliding back into place beside Harry and grinning wildly, almost expectantly. Harry had to stifle a chuckle, knowing full well what would turn most people away from having sex with her. It wasn't her looks, which had a cute nerdy charm to them, but rather the shrill and painful screeching. Something, he was strangely worried would transfer into a sexual scenario. His thoughts were broken as she asked, "Well? Shall we?" "Shall we what?" Harry asked vapidly, his answer coming rather swiftly as he felt a cold, wet hand grasp his cock, his eyes widening as his breath caught in his throat. Silenced for a brief moment, Harry couldn't quite comprehend it. He wasn't sure that her hand was wrapped around his cock, for it felt like some of her fingers had slid into his shaft as she jerked back and forth up and down his shaft, her hand partially gliding along his cock, whilst sliding inside ever so slightly. Her fist grazed the tip of his cock, forcing a gasp from his lips as the cool sensation plunged the sensitive hive of nerve endings that was his cockhead into a pleasure heaven. Her incorporeal form allowed her to reach portions of his cock beyond the surface of his skin, her hand stimulating parts of him he didn't even know he had. It was strange, bizarre, felt entirely baffling. But merlin it was pleasurable. Suddenly, his senses returned to him and he pushed himself away, her entire hand gliding through his shaft, eliciting a gasp of involuntary pleasure, "Myrtle!" "What? You don't want to take our relationship to the next level? After two years, I would have thought you'd be all over me," Myrtle giggled, rushing after him, her hand lurching for his shaft once more as Harry tried his best to swim away, but her ghostly nature meant she was infinitely swifter. Despite his best efforts, her hand always grazed or rubbed against his shaft, the strange ghostly handjob being more pleasurable than most simply handjobs. "Relationship? Myrtle! Stop!" Harry said, his initial instincts leaving him perturbed at the notion of having sex with a ghost, yet he had no way of stopping her from doing what she was doing. He found himself shuffling almost half way around the pool, trying to avoid her. The opposite end of the pool had a small set of stairs leading up out of the water, stairs that Harry clung to as she slowly advanced on him, playfully gnashing her teeth as she mistakenly attempted to act sexy. Despite having been witness to several intimate couples, she hadn't picked up any pointers on the art of seduction. Pulling himself up the stairs, Harry stumbled backwards out of the pool, standing in the open air and finally getting out Myrtles reaches, but not out of her eyeline. "Oh! There's little Harry! Not so little anymore…" She purred, cackling as she eyed up his thick throbbing length. Despite his best efforts, he couldn't deny the strange perverse pleasure that was her handjob and his shaft had reacted accordingly. Standing at full mast, it loomed over her as she milled about in the pool, biting her lip as the thick throbbing length was displayed in it's fully glory, more magnificent that she had ever imagined. And she had imagined. Harry was often the object of her desires when it came to late nights in the toilet. And whilst it was increasingly difficult for her relieve such pleasures, she still indulged in fantasies. Clasping his hands over his crotch, her tried to fold his leg over his cock so as to hide his length from Myrtle's view, "A bit shy? Don't like being the only one that's naked? I get that. One moment…" Myrtle disappeared under the water, giving Harry a chance. Running across the side of the bathroom, doing his best not to slip, he grabbed his towel, but not quickly enough. Myrtle immerged from the towel, causing him to drop it and stumble backwards, falling on his back, the ghostly girl looming over him. His eyes widened as he saw her though. In the brief moments in which she disappeared underwater, she had clearly been busy. Her normal Ravenclaw uniform was replaced with bare naked skin, something which Harry wasn't sure ghosts could do. Myrtle had died when she was quite young and thus she hadn't had the opportunity to develop sexually. But even then, she was hardly unattractive. Her breasts were rather small, near flat, but noticeably budding. Another year and they would have been pert handfuls. The young girl did a small twirl, flaunting her equally small arse, which was actually surprisingly well formed. It was her cock that suffered most from her age, standing at around five inches, it was hardly anything to write home about, but suited her smaller stature. "Like what you see, Harry?" Myrtle smiled, shifting back and forth, waiting expectantly for an answer, only to get stunned silence. Not because she was particularly breath-taking, but simply because the situation was actually happening to Harry and he had no idea how to comprehend what was happening. Myrtle used his silence as an opportunity, sinking down onto her knees and slowly crawling towards Harry. Clambering up over him until they were face to face, Myrtle lowered her hips slightly, grinding her cock against Harry's causing both of them to moan loudly. The warmth of Harry's cock sliding against her shaft and inside her shaft stimulated what few nerve endings she had left. It wasn't much, but it was enough to elicit pleasure in the young girl's ghostly form, "What do you say?" "Erm…" Harry stammered, her lips lingering near his, Myrtle threatening to kiss him. Not exactly wanting to wait and see how that would work, Harry took his other option and pushed himself up onto his feet, his body sliding through hers and allowing him to grab the towel and hide his private parts from her, "Sorry, Myrtle. Now's not a good time. I've got… stuff…" "Stuff?" Myrtle whimpered, wailing loudly as she lifted herself up and disappeared deeper into the bathroom, hiding amongst one of the toilet stalls, the sound of her screeching echoing painfully through the room as Harry felt a pang of guilt and stumbled after her, "I thought we had something special." "We do!" Harry called after her, pushing open different stalls in a vain attempt to find her and apologise, "It's just. I have the Triwizard Tournament. The second task is in two days I still need to figure it out. I'm finding it difficult to concentrate on anything other than solving that egg." "The egg?" Myrtle asked, pushing her head out of the toilet stall Harry was about to check and startling him as she hovered there, "So, if you were to solve the egg, you'd be able to concentrate on other things? Like me?" "Yeah? I guess," Harry stammered, not entirely sure as to what she was getting at, but Harry had finally stopped her moaning and was taking quiet comfort in that fact. Slowly, Myrtle pushed herself out of the toilet, revealing her naked body to Harry once more, a smile beaming on her face. "You just have to put it under the water, silly," Myrtle chirped happily, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling herself close. Harry could feel the faint outline of her breasts pressing against his body and he was entirely certain that her hardened nipples had pushed past his skin as her grinning lips neared his. One of her legs lifted itself and hooked around his leg, Myrtle having to make a special effort to not pull it through Harry's leg. Their cocks were once more pressed together, or more accurately inside one another. Their cocks were in heaven. The cool chill of Myrtle's cock was doing wonders to the entirety of Harry's cock, his entire shaft plunged inside a cold haven of pleasure. Whilst Myrtle's cock savoured the opposite. The warm width of Harry's shaft was sending tingling sensations through her cold body, the new pleasures being frankly astounding to the young ghost girl. Grinning at him, she smiled a few words, almost ordering him in her shrill tone of voice, "Ravish me!" Taken aback by her forwardness, but conceding to the notion that he walked firmly into her trap, Harry was hesitant to do just that. Primarily based on the fact that he didn't really know how. I mean it's not everyday that you come face to face with a ghost wanting to have sex with you. And it is an even rarer occurrence to actually indulge said ghost. She leant forwards, intending to kiss Harry, but Harry retracted, stumbling backwards. Surprisingly, she kept her position and remained wrapped around him as he moved backwards, crashing into a bathroom stall and sliding down onto the toilet. The momentum carried Myrtle forwards, the newfound position causing her cock to sink into Harry's mouth, her five-inch shaft enveloped in the tight warmth of his mouth, bringing a moan to the young girl's lips. Much to Harry's surprise, his lips were firmly closed, her shaft sinking deep into his mouth nonetheless, "Oh Harry! No wonder everyone does this so often…" Even though Harry could easily have escaped, a perverse interest kept him in place. His cock had slipped inside her leg (a bizarre notion and frankly incredulous statement) and was sandwiched once more in the surprisingly tight chill of her body, sending concentrated bursts of pleasures through his cock. It was like her body was wrapping and enveloping his cock in it's ethereal mass, massaging it regardless of where it was. A strange part of him wondered just what it would feel like to sink his cock properly into her ghostly form. Besides, what harm could it do. Strangely enough, her cock still had a taste to it. There was a strange metallic twinge to it, but the noticeable taste of pre-cum still somehow lingered, her tip glossy with the substance, but none of her ghostly recreation of the salty liquid actually gracing his tongue. A dribble rolled of her tip and slipped straight through Harry, the sensation of the small bead dropping down his throat and through his entire body causing him to moan, conceding to Myrtle's advances. Unsure as to exactly what would elicit pleasure in the ghost, Harry opted to treat her as if she had a tangible form. A blowjob is still a blowjob, even if performed on a ghost. Parting his lips as to allow him to breathe in the fantasy Harry slowly drew his lips along her shaft, spurred on by Myrtle's moans, her sounds more soft and humble than her usual wails. Pulling his lips back along to the tip, he took a gamble and pretended to flick his tongue across her tip, the slick muscle instead flicking through her cockhead and causing her ghostly knees to buckle, her cock slipping down and through his chin. Quickly angling himself so that her tip didn't leave his mouth, Harry revelled in the bizarre way he was giving her pleasure, relishing the strange and new experience. Plunging his lips down along her shaft, he let her cold and uniquely slick shaft push back into his mouth, her cock not following the trajectory of his throat and instead angling upwards, the tip prodding Harry's brain, a pleasurably tingling sensation bursting across his entire body as she did so, his eyes rolling closed as insurmountable pleasure surged through his body. Consumed by pleasure, Myrtle simply hung there in the air. Despite her rather forward advances, the girl was hesitant to admit her completely inability when it came to sex. She watched people, but as a ghost she found it hard to imagine just what would conjure such moans of lust. Yet with her cock plunged in Harry's mouth, his lips dragging up and down her length, she quickly discovered the true brilliance of sex. Gently, she began to thrust her hips into Harry's mouth, his bobbing movements causing him to push his head a little further forward. His nose didn't press against her crotch as expected and instead dipped inside her form. Expecting her balls to slap against his chin, he was surprised as they dipped into his jaw, the young girl moaning exponentially louder as her sensitive ball sack was plunged into a warm haze of pleasure, alongside her shaft. A sensation most living people would never experience due to the physical limitations. Her cock was constantly streaming pre-cum out and onto the floor, every bead of the substance dropping straight through Harry. Seeking a bit more pleasure, Harry pulled his cock out of Myrtle's leg, moaning as the warm air of the bathroom swirled around his cock. Adjusting his shaft so that it was in the trajectory of the dripping beads of pre-cum, Harry moaned as it they dribbled down through his cock steadily. Like a tap would drip water, her cock dripped pre-cum, the sensation almost taking Harry by surprise as it happened so irregularly and without rhythm. His hand dropped to his own cock, continuing to jerk himself off, unable to resist the strange pleasures he was experiencing. Curious, Harry reached his other hand around to Myrtle's bum, gently and tentatively running his palm along her cold flesh. It was an indescribable sensation that had him uniquely curious, almost diving pleasure from a simple touch. Myrtle certainly moaned in response to his simple touches, her soft and clumsy humping speeding up as the young girl experienced her first ever orgasm since becoming a ghost. Moaning loudly, she kept her cock sank inside Harry as she twitched and spasmed, spurting cum from her cock as she wailed in her usual way, shrieking down the entire castle. Startled, Harry kept himself in place, his own pleasure stirred as a lucky drop of her cum, spurted through his body and grazed his prostate, causing him to groan loudly, Myrtle in turned moaning. Not entirely sure if the moan had instilled any pleasure in the young girl's cock, Harry kept himself in place, the girl unloading what appeared to be a long pent up orgasm, the drops hitting the floor and collecting in a pool before readily disappearing. Harry assumed that she couldn't exactly leave cum strewn across the castle, otherwise some disturbed ghost would have the halls decorated in rather interesting manner. Finally finishing up, Myrtle slowly drew her cock away from his mouth and giggled, her cock still adamantly hard. Sliding down, she moved into a sitting position, floating slightly above Harry's lap, their cocks touching as she smiled at the older boy, "That was fun…" "Yeah… It was something…" Harry breathed, still wrapping his head around what just happened as Myrtle leaned ever closer, presumably wanting a kiss. Unable to move, his legs paralysed by pleasure, he was forced to meet her lips, the bizarre sensation give him a moment of pause. She melted into the moment, her eyes rolling closed as she mimicked clumsily the impassioned actions she witnessed in her voyeuristic endeavours. Unfortunately, the lack of a physical surface to press against, caused her to slowly push forwards, his lips grazing against hers as she dipped her tongue misguidedly through his closed lips. Trying his best to return to favour, Harry simply couldn't get into it, until her body was pressed so firmly against his that his cock dipped deeper inside her, causing her to moan. "Mmm… Just how I imagined our first kiss…" she purred, her hands wrapping around his neck as a show of affection. Affection that was only really mirrored in one way. Harry could only moan as she pulled away, unwittingly gyrating her hips and moving his cock around inside herself. He wasn't plunged into her bum, but was sandwiched by the sultry pleasures of her ghostly form nonetheless, his body involuntarily moaning in response to her impassioned murmurs, "Oh… You're still hard. Let, Myrtle take care of that for you." "Should we move back to the bath?" Harry suggested, needing a moment to breathe before he had his cock sucked off by a ghost. Truth be told, the new realms of pleasure were doing a number on him and felt ready to explode at the slightest provocation. And not that he was invested in the current situation, but he hardly wanted to disappoint the young girl. Although, the fact that he was hard seemed to play very little bearing on this situation and would hardly matter in the end. A strange attribute to be placed upon a sexual encounter. Smiling, he offered up the excuse, "I mean a toilet is hardly the most romantic setting?" "Well, speak for yourself. I thought we could settle down in one," she smiled, giggling as she floated up and out of reach, the hot air of the room easing the pleasure his cock was in for a brief moment. The room was hardly boiling, but compared the pleasurable depths of Myrtle's body, it was a sauna. Breathing, Harry calmed himself before pushing himself slowly up and onto his feet, staggering out of the small cubicle and walking back towards the bath. Myrtle had draped herself as sexily as she could manage along the rim of the bath, a grin plastering her face as she flaunted what she had to offer, "Come get…" Nodding, Harry slid down beside her head, his feet dropping into the water. Reclining, he watched her come face to face with his shaft, an almost childlike flee overcoming her face as she ran a cold and pleasing finger along his shaft, marvelling at the incredible throbbing heat that was emanating from the thick length. Even as a ghost she could feel it almost pulsating, that sensation enhanced by Harry's sharp intake of breath and deep moan of pleasure. The heat swirling around his feet, counteracted with the cool chill along his cock was something spectacular. And he watched as she rolled on her stomach, playfully kicking her pert bum cheeks with her heels as she eagerly grinned up at him. Wrapping her hand around his shaft as best she could, she couldn't pull it away from his stomach, Harry quickly catching on and wrapping his fingers around the base, holding it upwards so that she could fully jerk his length without slipping a finger into his stomach. Slowly, she built up the rhythm, her hand gliding up and down his shaft, a steady stream of pure and unfettered moans of lust coming from Harry's mouth as propped himself up on his hands and savoured the brand-new avenue of pleasure. Myrtle took this as conformation of her ability and smiled smugly to herself, content to delude herself upon the fantasy that despite her looks she had a deft hand at sexual intercourse. All those people who made fun of her when she was alive would be so embarrassed to know just how good she was. Taking that as a hint, she dropped her hand down to Harry's balls, her fingers slipping through his sack and massaging the actual surface of his balls, causing every breath in his throat to catch, pleasure coursing through his body. Even though he had tried to calm himself, he couldn't stop the fact that he was on the verge of cumming from a simple handjob. Well, simple ghostly handjob to be fair. Smiling as she pleased her crush, Myrtle leant over his leg and hovered her mouth above his cock, her tongue pushing out and gently licking across the top of his cock, the tip of her tongue dipping inside his bulbous head and stimulating the most pleasurable points in his shaft. Points that had never been graced with a tongue. Her tongue felt slightly different, wetter and slicker, but with that ghostly aspect. Dancing her tongue around his shaft, she mimicked the actions she had witnessed from watching other people, trying to coat his cock in her spittle, but leaving it dry as a bone. The imprint and action still happened, shaking Harry to the core, moans dribbling uncontrollably from his cock as she pleasured him as best she could. Licking every portion of his cock, she dipped her tongue down to his balls, briefly licking one with her tongue and causing Harry to moan louder than before. Pre-cum was building on his tip, but where normal blowjobs would see the substance cleared away by someone's tongue, Myrtle's inability to do that meant that it dribbled down his cock, coating his shaft and giving it a slick, glossy shimmer. Pulling her lips up to his tip, Myrtle hovered her mouth over his tip, preparing to give him the same pleasures that he gave her. Parting her lips, she slowly lowered her mouth, enveloping his thick, bulbous tip into her, wet, cold mouth, Harry clenching his fists as his cock was enveloped by delicious pleasure. Sliding her lips slowly down his cock, she met the same problem that Harry did. His cock didn't follow the angle of her throat on the account of it not strictly being there, meaning that it pushed through the back of her throat and up through her head. Her lips wrapped tightly around the base of Harry's cock, her nose slipping inside him slightly. Surprised, Harry felt the warm air of the bathroom surround the tip of his cock once more, prompting him to look down at a rather bizarre sight. His cock had pushed all the way through her head, the tip poking out the back of her scalp. Ignoring the perturbed implications of such a sight, Harry was introduced to a new world of pleasure as she drew her lips back along his shaft, his cock plunged once more into her cold mouth as the base was pulled out and into the warm air. It was a strange seesaw. As one extreme of his cock was treated to a tight, chilled and wet surrounding, the other was enveloped the warm air of the bathroom, the dichotomy of the two pleasures almost making Harry's vision go blurry. Building up a swift and steady rhythm, Myrtle silently wondered what all the fuss was about. Most people seemed to choke and splutter whenever she saw them doing this, yet she was elegantly plunging her lips up and down without so much as a care in the world. It was actually quite pleasing to have Harry's cock sliding in and out of her, her tongue wrapping in and around it all. As she built up her pace, she got a little carried away, sliding her lips all the way down and carrying herself a little too far. Her mouth pushed past his shaft and enveloped his balls, the sensation of having his balls wrapped and enveloped by Myrtle's mouth sending Harry over the edge. Almost spluttering himself, his cock exploded, his orgasm spurting out and into the pool, unhampered by Myrtle's lips as she watched and slightly felt Harry's cock go soft. Moaning loudly, he felt every bit of cum burst out of his shaft, Myrtle slowly drawing her lips away, continuing to jerk him off as his cock softens. "Oh… I forgot they get soft…" Myrtle mused, floating up and sitting next to Harry, resting her head on his shoulder as she gently smiled in his ear. Harry was breathless, not even bothering to be uncomfortable about her intimacy and instead baffled at the intense pleasure of a ghostly blowjob. It was at this point, Harry noticed something truly strange. If Myrtle was a ghost. How come she had an erection? "Yours doesn't? How can a ghost even get… hard? I mean ghosts are a reflection of a person when they died, aren't they?" Harry mused as his breath came back to him, his hand unwittingly drifting close to Myrtle's bum, his fingers grazing her delicate cheeks as she giggled. "Well… I was hard when I died. I had to come to the bathroom to play with myself because I couldn't do it in my dorm room. Everyone laughed at me. So, I was playing with myself in one of the cubicles when I died. You know that whole story though," Myrtle smiled, floating down into the water and smiling up at him eagerly, "We could go all the way? You know? If you want?" "All the way? Oh, you… sex? That's… that's a big step in a… a… relationship," Harry stammered, still quite unable to understand exactly how Myrtle was seeing their rather brief encounters over the years as an actual relationship. I suppose, when you die, time kind of… doesn't matter. "Well, we've had two dates? What more do we need?" she smiled, the girl almost delusional. If Harry was clear of mind, he may describe her as psychotic. But, she laid head on his lap, wriggling her tongue against the tip of his cock, bringing his shaft back to life and causing him to moan. "Two what? Never mind. Erm, sure?" Harry asked, unsure as to what she was thinking. Giddy with excitement, she floated up onto the tiles beside the pool and presented her pert bum to Harry, kneeling on all fours. The implication was clear from both her positioning and the sultry look plastered on her face. Gently wiggling her behind, she waited for Harry to stumble around behind her. Kneeling down, he was faced with the young girl's ghostly arse and was instantly baffled. Her cheeks occluded her entrance, prompting Harry to timidly reach forwards and try futilely to pry them apart, his fingers simply grasping at thin air. Moaning as he massaged her bum, Myrtle quickly understood what was happening and snaked her hands around behind her. Grasping her own cheeks, she gently pried them apart, revealing her tight, winking hole. Virgin and untouched. And laid completely bare for Harry's pleasure. Breathing steadily, Harry jerked his cock slightly, ensuring it as hard before he shuffled his knees forwards. Imagining that ghost sex was much the same as normal sex, Harry eased himself forwards, the tip of his cock grazing against her tight flexing hole. Slowly, it dipped inside her arse, her hole not peeling away or prying apart, but simply remaining stationary as his cock glided through it. It was pleasurable nonetheless, both of them moaning in unison as Harry eased the tip inside her ghostly form, pleasure cascading over their bodies, Myrtle's soft whimpers becoming a welcome change of pace from her shrieking wails. With nothing to hold onto, Harry simply continued to shuffle forwards, his hands hovering around Myrtle's waist as if hoping he could grip them and pull himself forwards. Slowly, but surely his cock carved easily through her bum, Harry hoping that he was sliding himself into her arse. Making sure that every inch slid through her tight butt hole, he simply assumed he was following her hole. Finally, he filled her to the brim, his cock lodged deep inside her, the pair moaning in unison as Harry's balls dipped into Myrtle's the pair shuddering at the intense pleasure it provided. Myrtle was in heaven. Instead of his cock grinding against her prostate, it slid straight through it, causing her to moan loudly, a wail brimming on the edge of her lips as Harry's cock sat plunged through the sensitive button that was buried in her arse. She had never been fucked, but in her youth, was somewhat experimental. Whilst the other kids walked about the grounds, she be bent over in her dorm or the bathroom, probing herself with a finger, moaning sumptuously as she did so. And thus, she became intimately acquainted with her prostate, but never had the pleasure of a fat cock pressing against and through it, causing her back to arch, her hand dropping to her cock to milk herself. She could touch herself, her hand was quite able to jerk back and forth round her shaft, treating it as a physical thing. But the pleasure elicited was minimal. However, when combined with the thick cock in her rear, it was sensational. Not to mention the romanticism of having who she considered to be her significant other behind her with his cock. She could easily get used to this. Bending over, Harry placed his hands either side of Myrtle's head. Being bigger than her, he was able to be on all fours leaning over her, allowing him to awkwardly find a position suitable for a good fuck. Slowly, he drew his cock out of her bum before easing it back in, taking a slow methodical approach so that he didn't ruin the delicate positioning and balance he had with the young girl. Finding a rhythm that was not only pleasurable, but grew slightly quicker with each thrust, Harry started to moan, melting into the situation and giving himself over to Myrtle and the eroticism of the encounter. All that was shattered however, as Myrtle unleashed her moaning. Wailing with each thrust, she displayed the passion and pleasure coursing through the body in the same way she always did. Her trademark screeches filled the room and much to Harry's surprise, they egged him on. Most of the time when he was fucking a girl, it was all soft and delicate moans of mild mannered grunts begging him to continue. It was quite cathartic to have Myrtle screeching loudly as if his cock was imparting real pleasure. As abrasive as it was to the ears, it stoked Harry's ego fairly well, speeding his thrusts up, moaning as his orgasm sensitive cock came closer and closer to a second eruption. Slamming himself back and forth, he slightly over stepped the mark, his cock slamming a little further forward than intended, his hips not only smacking into Myrtle's bum but also pushing inside them, artificially lengthening his cock and giving Myrtle the hardest, deepest and most pleasurable fuck she could imagine. Her ghostly arse was sent into a spasm of pleasure, her body shuddering as she orgasmed yet again, her cock spurting several strands of cum down onto the floor, her cock not softening in the slightest, allowing her to take her next move. Having savoured her second orgasm, she decided to plunder another avenue of Harry for her third one. Without asking Harry, she pushed herself backwards, slipping through Harry and knocking the breath out of him. Before he could realise her intention, he felt his cock twitch on the edge of orgasm, her body drifting through his being strangely orgasmic. Myrtle ran her hands over his pert bum, the position that he was in perfect for her as she inched slowly towards his arse. Smiling, she purred simply, "My turn…" Easing slowly forwards, she pressed the tip of her five-inch cock against Harry's arse, the simple graze causing him to moan loudly. Pushing forwards, Myrtle had full access to his bum, her ghostly form carving through arse with ease. Sliding forwards, she inched the entirety of her cock inside Harry, his cock ready to explode with a second orgasm. However, it wasn't Myrtle's cock that tipped him over the edge, it was Myrtle's next move, which caused his breath to catch in his throat and his eyes bulged. Somewhat misguided in her understanding of sex, she reached beneath her cock and gathered her balls in her hand, before pushing them forwards and through Harry's tight, sensitive ring, burying not only her shaft, but her balls deep into his arse. Stunned, Harry held himself there for a moment, his cock twitching and unloading without any help from him, spurting droplets of cum down onto the floor as he felt his arms quivering. He'd wager that if someone who wasn't a ghost tried that, it would have been incredibly painful on both ends, but as she had the manoeuvrability it was orgasmic, Harry's cock barely having time to soften before it grew hard and hunger for a third orgasm. An orgasm he and Myrtle were both lusting after equally. "I knew I'd have that effect on you sweetie. Oh, Harry… You're so tight, baby…" Myrtle purred as Harry rested his cheek against the tiles of the bathroom, his bum being pushed further up into the air as Myrtle slowly began to thrust. Her ability to float in the air allowed her to build up a rhythm without needing something to push against. A limitation that made Harry's thrusts clumsy and erratic. Hers were fluid, deep, sensual and incredibly pleasurable. Her tip had pushed against and into Harry's prostate, much the same as Harry's cock did to Myrtle's. And now Harry understood why she was screeching and wailing as she was before. It was intense and so pleasurable, his arse tightening and spasming, but doing little to impeded Myrtle's thrusts. It was his body's way of telling her to slow down, but it had no effect on her, meaning that a constant wave of orgasmic pleasure flooded his body uninterrupted by his body's inability to handle it. If he could muster the breath, he would have been squealing like her. Instead only subtle grunts escaped his lips as his knees crumbled in a pleasurable spasm. Lying flat against the floor, Harry's cock was sandwiched between him and the tiles, whilst Myrtle adjusted her position. Being a ghost, she didn't even have to steady herself, her thrusts being much the same as to when he was on all fours, only at a different angle. It was bizarre for Harry, because he had all the pleasurable sensations of being fucked, but he was laid there like a wet fish. He wasn't able to move in response to her thrusts, but Harry simply enjoyed the moment, the pleasure of having a ghostly shaft lodged in his bum bringing him so close to a third orgasm. Myrtle was much the same, the tight warmth of Harry's bum being a haven for pleasure, his hole dancing and massaging her cock as she slid it in faster and faster, hammering his arse in a way that would have been catastrophic If she weren't a ghost. Instead it was pleasurable, her cock doing wonders to his prostate and his arse doing wonders for her cock, pre-cum dribbling down through his body and onto his cock. Finally, they both came in tandem, their cocks spasming of their own accords, Harry's cum being minimal. He had been drained twice before and the orgasm was less relief and more there for the pleasure his body experienced. Myrtle however had her third intense and incredible orgasm, showering Harry in her cum, the girl a little disappointed that she couldn't coat and paint his body in her essence. However, as she stroked her cock to it's end, she conceded that her young body had had enough pleasure for now. And as Harry rolled onto his back, breathless, she reclined next to him, resting her head on his shoulder and smiling contently, "Oh my god…" "I told you I was the one for you Harry… Oh, and little Harry agrees," Myrtle smiled, her fingers dancing over his cock just enough to make it twitch in response, the girl giggling as she did so, Harry's thoughts quickly returning to him as the pleasure haze dissipated. Myrtle looked into his eyes and smiled, "You could spend the night? Plenty of space in my toilet?" "Erm… Sorry, Myrtle, but I should be getting back," Harry smiled, pushing himself up onto his feet, and starting to dress himself, tugging his clothes back on. He figured he'd simply figure the egg out in one of the bathroom sinks, his priority being getting away from Myrtle. "What! You're going back that ginger slut, aren't you? All those words you said about loving me? Were they just lies?" She screeched, flying up to face Harry, screaming in his face as he pulled his clothes on, "You save one person from the Chamber of Secrets and suddenly you're fuck buddies? We have a connection!" "I didn't actually say words like that. And no, I'm not going to Ginny, I'm just going… going to work on the task," Harry explained, pulling his cloak over himself and grabbing the egg, bolting from the door before he was snatched back into a lengthy argument with the girl. "Oh, run away! You'll be back! That ginger slut doesn't have as nice a cock as me, I'll bet!" Myrtle exclaimed, before slowly drifting away, her soft wailing emanating throughout the castle, leaving Harry to flee from what essentially amounted to a terribly awkward one-night stand. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that! As I say, I would really appreciate some feedback on this one. From stories I've read with Myrtle in them, people have always taken a different approach on how ghost sex works. I would love to know if it was anyway enjoyable as a sex chapter or if it ended up simply giving you a good chuckle. I enjoyed writing it, so there is that! Remember that the poll for your favourite chapters is still open. It will be open for two more weeks before it's replaced by a poll asking after your least favourite ones. If you don't have an account, feel free to let me know via the review system! The next chapter is a little bit of an indulgence. I think Ron has had some ups and downs when it comes to this story, so I have decided to treat him. And also bring back something that I had completely forgotten that I had introduced. If you want to know more about what I mean, I suggest reading the very first chapter again. Also, some revelations regarding a lecherous teacher… Curious… Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Ron often catches a lot of flak in fanfiction stories, often being pushed aside so that Harry gets to shag all the buxom ladies. And I'll admit, I've done this as well. So, this week, I decided to treat him to a whole week of sexy fun times with his latest encounter, the Patil Twins. And the Twins also introduce him to someone a little special. Remember, the poll is still open, and I am very interested to see which are your favourite chapters. Definitely learnt a thing or two from the poll so far. I don't really have much else to say, other than I hope you all enjoy this! Chapter 25: At the Twin's Mercy "Right, you've been doing this for at least fifteen minutes. Give someone else a turn?" Padma grumbled, reclining on Harry Potter's bed, flipping slowly through one of her school books, the room filled with the steady rhythmic sounds of her sister's bouncing. Ron was laid back on his bed, Parvati sat astride him with his cock lodged deep in her pert, Indian arse. She was bent over, her breasts pressed firmly against Ron's chest as she slowly and sensually kissed him, her tongue delicately exploring his mouth as she eased her bum up and down, groaning and moaning into Ron's lips as he filled her again and again. Her dreamy, passion filled haze was broken by her sister's belaboured groan of annoyance. Pulling her lips away from Ron, Parvati cast a glance over at her sister, her eyes running across her naked body, a smirk coming to her lips. "We agreed, we'd switch once I had cum," Parvati reprimanded, adjusting her position and gently licking Ron's nipple, her tongue tracing the sensitive nub as his hands eased her bum up and down. Following the Yule Ball, Ron was hesitant to ask the twins for a second shag, but he found that he didn't have to. Sufficiently impressed by his ability, the orchestrated a chance encounter in the common room, late one evening, their bodies grinding together as Ron accidentally stumbled upon them. They never explicitly acknowledged it, but the Twins were simply happy to have someone else other than themselves to fuck. Padma in particular. Even if it meant a lengthy trek to the Gryffindor common room whenever she was in need of a good ploughing. "Well, I wasn't expecting you to be moving at the speed an old granny would. And licking Ron's face like it was a lollipop," Padma said, her disdain for her sister's preferences being increasingly apparent. She loved he sister, but after a year of having to indulge her sister's desire for more romantic, sensual and intimate shags, she was a little bitter. Padma was far more… involved when it came to sex. "Just because I like a snog… I don't get annoyed with your kinks," Parvati argued, returning to Ron's lips and giving him a deep kiss. He would have joined in in the conversation, but he was trying his best not to cum. He had nothing against a slow and deep fuck, but being submerged in such a delectable arse for so long was taking a toll on him. And he was almost entirely certain that Parvati wasn't anywhere near cumming. "Well… if you weren't snogging him and hogging one of his holes, I might not have to complain…" Padma smirked, her cock twitching back into life as she set aside her book and strutted slowly over to the pair, her hands running slowly along her sister's body as she moved around to Ron's mouth. "I'd prefer my mouth not simply being relegated to another hole," Ron smirked, taking offence with how the Twins were talking about him as if he were simply an object for their own relief. Which wasn't strictly false. Over a fair few of their encounters, they hardly engaged in any length degrees of conversation, most talking being sultry and provocative in nature. But slowly, they were coming around to one another. "We're all just holes. Now, wouldn't you prefer someone to make proper use of your mouth rather than lazily bat their lips against it?" Padma smirked, shooting Parvati a smirk as she leant back and began to bounce up and down on his cock a little faster, grunting and moaning to herself, fully expecting her kissing to reaffirmed by Ron's disagreement with her sister. "Yeah… Well, it would be nice I suppose," Ron said, unwittingly sparking something he was not expecting, the twins sharing a salacious smirk, Paravti halting her riding and grinding to a halt. Sliding upwards, she pulled Ron's cock out of her arse, holding it in her hand and knowing instantly that Ron was on the very edge of an orgasm, causing her to grin even wilder. "I think he's playing favourites, Pav… I think he likes me more than you," Padma smiled, moving slowly away from Ron and hunching over inside his trunk, pouring through his many possessions in search of something in particular, Ron a little baffled as to what they were implying. "I think he is. But I wouldn't go that far. He obviously prefers me," Parvati smiled, clambering slowly up Ron's body, pinning his arms to either side with her knees, her cock looming over his confused face as Padma slowly walked back around, holding in her hand a scarf and a tie, twiddling them in her fingers as she grabbed Ron's right hand and slowly tied it to one corner of the bed, Parvati smiling and murmuring, "I did almost make him cum, so of course I would be his favourite. But we don't like it when people play favourites, so you aren't going to cum just yet." "I wasn't playing favourites. I like you both equally," Ron stammered as Padma fixed his other hand in place, Parvati rolling away from Ron, leaving him restrained and wholly at their mercy, a smirk on their faces as they walked around to the foot of the bed and wrapped their arms around each other. "Just like? You don't love us? Are we not sexy enough?" Padma asked, scrunching her face up as her hands ran down to her sister's bum cheeks, gently pulling and playing with her flesh, knowing full well that the eroticism of them being twins worked wonders on Ron. Whilst he was always personally averse to the idea of incest himself, having it displayed before him in such a deliciously delectable way was simply incredible. Leaning in, Parvati gently kissed her sister on the lips, Padma pulling back after a few moments, biting her lips seductively, "I think we'll just have to play with ourselves, Pav. I don't think Ron likes us anymore." "I think that might be a little harsh. We should give him an opportunity to show us just how much he loves us. I think that would be fair?" Parvati suggested, burying her lips in the crook of Padma's neck and littering her delicious skin with soft and delicate kisses, moaning softly to herself whilst Ron writhed in discomfort. His cock was on the very edge of exploding, with a few simple strokes being enough to set him off, but he had no means of relieving the built-up pressure and he was completely at the whims of the two girls. A prospect that was equal amounts enticing and equal amounts terrifying. "Well… That sounds fair, but I still want to know who his favourite is," Padma smiled, pushing away from her sister playfully and turning towards Ron, the boy's eyes instantly turning towards her and her sultry smile. He was surprised just how enticing Padma could be, especially considering the Yule Ball and how incredibly lacklustre her attempts at seduction were. Although, unbeknownst to him, she was hardly the problem. Both girls were incredulously sexy when they wanted to be, their bodies not the most sexual, but their ability to use them being especially creative. "Okay, I didn't know you were so excited to be told that you're aren't as sexy as me," Parvati smirked playfully, running her hands along her body, sliding her fingers up to her hair and letting it down, waving her luscious locks free and gently swaying her hips, "So, who is it, Mr Weasley? Me? Or that skank over there?" "Erm…" Ron stammered, desperate to cum, but absolutely terrified to say the wrong thing and suffer the consequences. It was a thought that had always crossed Ron's mind, but one that he had always swiftly deflected. No one ever wanted to choose a favourite twin, but everyone had one. And despite her lithe, delicate and petite body, Parvati wasn't the one he preferred. It wasn't because she had smaller breasts, a perter arse or that her cock was slightly shorter (ever so slightly), but instead her most sensual approach to sex. It was a nice change of pace for Ron, but there was always that part of him that reverted back to his encounters with Hermione, where he was decidedly submissive. Being dominant just didn't appeal to him as much as it would most other men. Especially with a girl like Hermione who understood being submissive wasn't a slight against your manhood. But, things with Hermione weren't exactly… peachy. And thus, Padma filled that role. She wasn't particularly dominant at the Yule Ball, rather forceful with her intentions. But over time, he proclivity for dirty talk, spanking and other dominating acts became prevalent. "Now, now Parvati. We can't just ask him who is his favourite. Let's be civil and find out just what he likes about us," Padma smirked, turning around and bending at the waist, pushing her plump caramel coloured arse out towards Ron, her hands reaching back and gently groping and pulling at her bum cheeks, flaunting them for Ron to enjoy. Parvati was quick to join, turning her own body around and giving Ron a clear and delicious look at her pert rear end. It didn't bounce as much as Padma's but was delectable in how small and perfectly formed it was. Gently prying her bum cheeks apart, she slipped a finger down to her back entrance and slowly pushed it inside, gasping audibly as she did so before Padma asked, "Whose ass do you prefer?" "Erm… Uh… I dunno… They're both very… very nice," Ron stammered, his mind doing mental backflips as he realised just what kind of situation he was in. Trying to hide his childlike glee, Ron gulped before hammering home on a single and definite answer, "Parvati…" "Ooo… One, nil, sis… How does that make you feel?" Parvati smirked, reaching over and playfully, yet sharply, spanking her sister's bum cheeks, the rippling flesh making Ron groan. Yet he immediately regretted his decision as Padma turned slowly around, strutting to his side a stern look on her face as she sat beside his chest, her hand running over his stomach before coming up to his nipples. Gently taking one of the nubs In between her fingers, she twisted it sharply, Ron exclaiming sharply, his hips thrusting forwards as his cock twitched noticeably, a dribble of pre-cum rolling down his glossy cock. "Want to rethink that answer?" Padma asked, letting go of his nipple and sharply slapping his chest, the red hand-print burning into his skin as he stifled a moan. The burning pain only served to enhance the pleasure in his body and as Padma took the other nipple in between her fingers, he audibly moaned, the sharp pain burning in the sensitive nub making his body twitch. "Pad. No one likes a sore loser. But I think Ron may be a little kinkier than we first imagined," Parvati interjected, slapping her hand away and causing Ron to breathe a sigh of silent relief, and quiet disappointment. Instead of indulging in such painful pleasures, Parvati instead drew his attention towards her chest, running her hands back and forth across her small, pert little tits, her chocolaty nipples erect and deliciously pert, "Now, what about our breasts? I'll bet you like littler tits, don't you?" "Padma's…" Ron said almost instantly, the bustier girl smiling as she gently ran her hands across Ron's chest, massaging the redder flares of flesh. They were plumper. And whilst Parvati's arse was delectable, her breasts were a little too small. Which wasn't to say they weren't nice, just not nearly as enticing as Padma's plump, delicious handfuls were. Pulling away, Parvati gasped, sulking. "No fair! I think you intimidated him into that one," Parvati moaned, her hand running across to Ron's nipple and inflicting the same painful pleasure that her sister so readily gave him before. Grinning as her sister came around to her more… intense way of thinking, Padma took his other nipple and applied the same pressure, Ron gritting his teeth through a pleasured smile as the twins shared a mischievous look, "It seems we are tied Pad… So, what does Ron think of our, thick, meaty shafts?" With that, Pad shifted herself beside Ron's head, lifting her cock and slapping it down against his cheek, Parvati quickly joining her sister and sliding her cock across the boy's face, grinding her shaft against his lips as his face was smothered in their equally delicious shafts. There weren't any noticeable differences between the two, Parvati's being slightly shorter. Although that was a detail Ron only noticed after intense scrutiny. And even then, it was miniscule. So, Ron didn't have a favourite per-say, instead silently revelling in the erotic situation he currently found himself in, quietly moaning to himself. Without even having to ask, Padma pressed the tip of her cock firmly against his lips, Ron eagerly parting them and allowing her head into his mouth, his tongue instantly lunging at her purplish head, dancing delicately around the engorged tip and bringing a deliciously soft moan to Padma's lips. Pushing forwards, she forced Ron's head to turn towards her, allowing her full access to his well-trained throat. Thrusting forwards, Padma groaned as Ron instinctively swallowed, her cock slipping into his throat and sliding easily in. He wasn't quite able to take all of it solely by himself, but his lips flexed and tightened two inches shy. Savouring the tight, wet warmth of Ron's throat, Padma gave him a few gentle strokes, sawing her cock in and out, slick slurping sounds filling the dormitory as he allowed his mouth to be used, Padma's moans spurring him on to please the thick throbbing length that was lodged deep inside his mouth. "Care to share?" Parvati smiled, breaking Padma and Ron's pleasured haze and turning their attention towards the lithe twin. Nodding, Padma turned Ron's head slightly, but didn't pull her cock entirely out of his mouth. Ron expected to swap for Parvati's shaft, but was instantly surprised as Parvati pressed her cock against his lips whilst her sister remained inside his mouth. Struggling at first, she finally managed to pry his lips apart just enough to ease her tip into his mouth, her shaft grinding against her sister's already saliva slick length, the pair moaning as Ron's mouth was stretched to new realms, his lips pulled painfully tight across both their cocks. Pushing forwards, Parvati was met with Ron's throat, Padma's shaft already occupying the tight, convulsing depths of his hole. With a little adjustment of her position, her knee being propped up on Ron's chest, Parvati sank her hips slowly and steadily downwards, his throat giving unwillingly away to accommodate the second sister's thick throbbing tip, much to both their glee, the two-sister's revelling in the fresh, newfound tightness of his throat. Ron's eyes bulged for a moment, his throat expanding around their cocks as they pressed their bodies together, their crotches battling each other for dominance, the twins pushing against one another to claim the deeper position in his throat, all whilst Ron lay restrained on the bed. It was surprisingly erotic, watching the two-girl's push and pull their cocks, fucking his throat whilst trying to get deeper and deeper inside him. The only thing that pained his was his cock which was painfully twitching, desperate for any relief, but certain that it would remain untouched for the time being. Moaning softly around their cocks, Ron let his eyes roll closed, allowing the twins to have their way. Finally, Parvati succeeded, her cock slipping deeper into Ron's throat, her length pushing Padma's shaft backwards until she only had a few inches inside his throat. Not wanting to be outdone, Padma reached below her sister and grasped Parvati's balls, gently squeezing them at first, lulling her into the sense that she was in fact on top, before giving them a sharp, firm squeeze, causing her to lunge backwards and giving Padma those precious few moments to sink her cock in it's entirety deep into Ron's throat, occluding Parvati from getting back inside the boy's tight, luscious throat. Smirking, Parvati went around behind Padma, straddling Ron's stomach and grazing his cock for the briefest of moments with her arse, giving Ron a fleeting glimpse of relief. Gently massaging her sister's bum, Parvati held her in place. She knew instantly what was coming causing her to try and pull out of Ron's mouth, but only pushed herself deeper into her sister's grasp. It was a sharp spank that came. Two hands hit each of her cheeks loudly and sharply, echoing through the room as her tender flesh was struck. Not waiting for her to relax, Paravti elicited the same treatment, again and again until finally Padma forced herself away, allowing the thinner sister to shift forwards slightly and plunge her cock deep into Ron's throat without anything to stop her, the groan she let out being one of victory. Savouring the slick wetness of the depths of his mouth, Parvati ran her hands through his hair, gently massaging his scalp as she thrust back and forwards, Ron loving the submission of simply being used. It wasn't that it afforded him any physical pleasure, but fulfilled fantasy after fantasy of his. Every boy grew up lusted after girls, longing to bend them over and have their way. Whilst Ron still had those fantasises, they were mired amongst other ones of being bent over himself. How fortunate that girls secretly had the means to bend him over and rut against him. Biting her lip, quietly revelling in the battle she was having with her sister, Padma rose to her knees, taking a place behind her sister, she shuffled forwards, steadily and slowly jerking herself off as she came closer and closer to the young girl's rear end. Parvati was fully expecting Padma to retaliate with her own swift spanks, but was not expecting the girl to pry her cheeks apart and slap the thick tip of her cock against her tight rear end. Startled at the provocation, Parvati froze, scrunching her face up as she prepared to have her sister start to rail her from behind. Ron looked upwards, confused as to what was happening, his lips wrapped snugly around Parvati's cock, the same two elusive inches remaining beyond his depths. Waiting for Parvati to start moving again, Ron was surprised, his eyes latched onto the two remaining inches of Parvati's cock. Suddenly, with one swift and powerful push, those two inches were submerged deep inside his clutching throat. Parvati wasn't averse to being on the receiving end of a cock. She quite enjoyed it when it was with the right person. The Yule Ball with her and Harry was one of the better time, though regrettably, it finished a little earlier than she had hoped. And Ron was pretty decent whenever he simply lay back and do her thing. But after much experience, Parvati quickly learned that Padma was not the right person to be receiving from. Not that It wasn't enjoyable, but she had a tendency to go a little rougher than Parvati liked. And with the pair playfully battling for dominance over Ron's mouth, she was almost certain that it wouldn't be the slow and sensual fuck that she so desired. That was only affirmed by Padma's grip on her hips tightening and her slow, but rough entrance into her arse, her stroke completely glossing over the sexual pleasure divined from the slow tease of the entrance, the pressure and the build-up. Gasping, Parvati was afforded a few seconds to adjust before Padma slid forwards with a steady and brisk pace. She wasn't hammering herself home, but she a little rougher than usual, quickly lodging herself deep into Parvati. Even as she sank her entire length inside, Padma didn't stop pushing, her thrust pushing Parvati's cock deep into Ron's mouth, fighting his spasming throat and pushing Parvati's entire cock deep into the boy's throat. She was glad for that, having her cock lavished by Ron's delightfully slick and deep throat, but was forced to groan in slight pain as Padma ignored her usual desires for slower and more sensual fucking. Once she was buried inside her sister's arse, Padma gave her a brief moment to adjust before sliding her cock all the way out and thrusting steadily back in, building up a pace that wasn't excessive, but was hard enough to make Parvati's meek and timid moans become grunts of pleasurable discomfort. Ron's throat fought against Parvati's cock, his lips spasming and clenching around her shaft as she held his throat around her entire cock. However, when Padma drew herself back, Ron's throat managed to push the two uncomfortable inches out of his mouth, giving him a moment to relax, his jaw stopped hurting. For a few seconds at least, until Padma thrust back into her sister, subsequently pushing Parvati's cock deep into Ron's throat, Parvati's balls slapping audibly against the boy's saliva slick chin, the room filling with soft slurping sounds and audibly sloppy slaps as his blowjob back slicker and slicker. Padma's balls crashed against Parvati's bum with each deep and powerful thrust, Padma making sure to savour every single inch of her sister's delectably tight arse. Whenever she as afforded the opportunity to fuck her sister, it was more often than not at her slow and meagre pace, with Parvati rarely indulging in Padma's whole length. So, to explore the intimate depths of her sister's ass was something that Padma was going to relish until the very end. Unable to recoil or prevent the use of his throat, Ron simply watched the twin's fucking, his cock twitching and begging for relief. It had been a while since it was last stimulated, and his orgasm had slowly retreated, but his cock still lusted for more pleasure. However, watching the two twins grinding and fucking each other was something that Ron was happy simply to watch. In their previous encounters, they rarely interacted in any deep and sexual way, often preferring to use Ron to elicit their pleasure. Something Ron was more than happy to do. But watching them fuck each other was something that set every teenage fantasy in the young boy's mind on fire, his heart racing as their sweat slick bodies ground together, Padma gently nibbling at her sister's neck, her tongue darting back and forth as she sought to give her sister a hickie. Every bone in Ron's body wanted to free his hands so that he could run them up and along her body, rubbing and exploring her soft flesh, squeezing and pulling at whatever he could find. But then his cock twitched at the notion of being denied such pleasures, causing him to moan softly around Parvati's shaft. Leaning her head back, Parvati locked eyes with her sister, the pleasure clouding her thoughts and any discomfort disappearing almost entirely. Sharing a look, she leant in, taking her sister's lips with her own and kissing her passionately as she had done so many times before. The first time they had ever done anything with each other, beyond childish experiments, was the day they both were unable to stimulate themselves. Turning to each other, they simply jerked one another, each one falling in love with the silky touch of another person, their lust for pleasure drawing them into a deep passionate kiss. After a night of pure sex, fucking on top and on bottom, they finally collapsed next to each other In bed, wondering if it was perverse and wrong. Only then did they come to the conclusion that a fuck every now and again wasn't too bad. Then again, a fuck every now and again, quickly became a nightly obsession of kink and incestuous love. But what else are sister's for? Speeding up, Padma took the kiss as a signal that she had full control and was welcoming her to increase her fevered fucking Parvati started to slowly fuck Ron's mouth, thrusting deep into his throat as Padma pulled out, only to pull out of Ron's mouth and meet Padma halfway, fucking herself onto the thick bulging cock inside her arse. All three of them were moaning constantly, the twins being the most audible whereas Ron's were muffled around her now slick and glossy shaft. Both the twins were on the verge of cumming, Parvati most of all. Being pleasured on both ends was a sensation that was incomparable and one that she wanting to relish for every single second. However, combining that pleasure with the pleasure she had already earned from simply riding Ron's cock in the beginning and she could hardly stave off the coming release. She was the first to cum, spilling her load deep into Ron's mouth, the boy forced to swallow it, though he would have been willing regardless. Her entire body seemed to shudder between the two bodies, her head falling backwards onto her sister's shoulder as her arse tightened immensely, trapping Padma's cock in place and massaging it with delicious convulsions as her hole flexed and gripped at her cock. This was enough to send Padma over the edge. She had been lazily stroking herself of prior to joining in, resulting in her cock not needing much stimulation to force it over the edge. Still a little bitter about losing her position in Ron's mouth, Padma opted to keep her cock inside her sister, knowing just how infuriated the lithe girl got when she didn't pull out. Spurting several strands deep into her bum, Padma moaned and groaned, Parvati joining her for a moment before realising exactly what was filling her arse to the brim and recoiled annoyedly. "Padma! You know I don't like that! I don't go around giving you facials every other day, now do I?" Parvati snapped annoyedly, rolling away from Ron and allowing the boy a chance to breathe, although he didn't gasp for air as he once did, instead breathing steadily. Padma laughed quietly as she milked the last few drops out of her cock, letting it land in Ron's mouth for the boy to diligently swallow. Joining her sister, she wrapped her arms around her hips and pulled her close smiling as she leant in for a kiss. "Now, now… we argue later. Right now, I think we need to decide what to do with our faithful little servant," Padma cooed, turning Parvati's attention towards Ron for a moment, the two-girl's seeing his cock standing straight and hard, ready for anything, "I don't think we punished him enough for playing favourites. I think he enjoyed his little throat fucking." "He did serve us like a good little slut. Perhaps we should reward him and prepare a proper punishment at a later date. Plan something truly… special. So, he can show us just how much he loves us both?" Parvati smiled, crossing over to the other side of Ron, running her fingers along his chest as he tried his best to hide an eager smile, "Would you like that? A chance to serve your mistresses?" "Yes," Ron breathed, the idea of fulfilling his fantasy being something incredible, something he had hoped to share with Hermione, but presented with the delectable option of two smouldering Indian beauties; he could hardly object. Something that brought smirks of approval from the twins as Padma took his nipple in between her fingers and asked him to clarify. "Yes…" she said, threatening to twist the sensitive bump sharply, waiting for Ron to address them properly. Gone were the sex sessions they shared where they took turns and barely spoke, the sexual tension being simple for pure pleasure. Now Padma was revelling in his company, loving the way he was placed beneath her heel. "Yes, mistress…" Ron clarified, getting a slap of approval across his chest as the two twins, strutted around to the end of the bed, whispering to themselves as they did so, leaving Ron to wonder confusedly as to what was happening as they giggled and laughed. "I think we should introduce them. He's is our little toy and I think we could share him around a little. And she has been dying to meet him," Padma suggested, Parvati eagerly nodding along as she grabbed her clothes and started to dress herself. "You… get him ready and I'll fetch the lady of the hour," Parvati grinned, tucking her cock inside her simple cotton panties and racing to the door, leaving Padma and Ron alone, Ron keeping his tongue curbed, playing out the power fantasy he had always wanted. Reaching down, Padma picked up her black panties, folding them into a makeshift blindfold and quickly fixing them to Ron's face, blinding him as she went about her business. Deciding that the mystery guest would prefer more… easy access, Padma coerced Ron into rolling over, his arms twisting and being pulled in opposite directions whilst he remained on all fours, presenting his bum to anyone who wished to walk in. It wasn't like the dorm room was particularly exclusionary to people. Happy with her work, Padma pulled her jeans on, going commando as the door to the dorm room opened, Parvati returning to an almost giddy companion. "Really? And he's okay with this?" Lavender asked, biting her lip as she saw her crush bent over on the bed, naked, presenting himself to her, the twins assuring her that he was more than willing. Lightly clapping, she strode into the room, waiting for Padma to finish dressing herself. Crossing over to Ron, Padma leant into his ear. "Now… We have a very special guest here to entertain themselves. You are going to be a good servant and do whatever she wants," Padma smiled, crossing over to her sister. Both the twins wanted to stay and watch their friend fulfil her fantasies upon their new boy toy, but they had both silently agreed to devise a proper punishment for their new toy and needed to go about planning such an endeavour, meaning they closed the door behind Lavender, leaving her alone and to do as she wished. "Hey Won-won…" She said, trying to hide the excitement In her voice as she approached Ron, her eyes ogling her body, revelling in the way he was positioned, her pert bum and the thick cock that was dangling below him. Normally in her fantasies about him, she would be on top, pleasing her beloved Won-won to the best of her abilities with her tight arse, but as fortune dictated, she had a chance to top him. And the anonymity, whilst not preferable in her desire to court him, gave her a boost in confidence whilst also having a perverse fantasy of hers. The secret lover. Maybe it would be kinkier if she remained that way, she thought, biting her lip as she walked to his head. "Won-won?" Ron asked baffled at what she said, losing his timid meekness that he wore when dealing with Padma and Parvati. He felt a soft hand touch his bum, running itself along his body, groping and pulling at his flesh, the girl behind the words not recognisable by her voice. At least it wasn't entirely distinctive to Ron. "Oh… it's my pet name for you. I see you all the time and it was a cute little nickname. We're in a lot of the same classes, you know," Lavender said, breathing in and lowering her hand to Ron's cock, gently squeezing it in her palm and having a silent meltdown as she stroked him off, unable to quite believe she had her crushes cock in her hand, pre-cum spilling down onto her palm. Giddy at the thought, she had to quieten her excitement, putting on a stern and confident face. Not that Ron could see it, "Do you want to know who I am? Or is the thought of having a secret admirer doing it for you?" "I mean… Yeah. It's kind of… cool, kinky even," Ron said, blushing slightly. He was absolutely gobsmacked when he learnt that Hermione had a thing for him. He had never thought that any girl would ever fall for him. Then came Fleur, although he was starting to have doubts about her motives, considering that they hadn't spoken since he bellowed at her across the courtyard and most of their shags ended with her asking about Harry. But having a secret admirer. Who gave him a cute nickname. That was insane. "Good! I'll be your naughty, little secret admirer. Your kinky little play toy!" Lavender giggled eagerly, continuing to stroke him off a little clumsily. Most of the time she had only had sex with Padma and Parvati, and they were always very… particular about their pleasure. They didn't like how Lavender jerked them off, her blowjobs weren't particularly good in their eyes and her arse was her only saving grace. She could use that well. It didn't matter what they thought how her abilities. She got her rocks off. And they weren't about to have sex with their secret fantasy crush, were then now, "Oh… I'll treat you real good. Make a good impression… Pav said you liked butt stuff, so…" Unsure as to what to do, Lavender decided she ought to strip, for her sake more so than Ron's. Pulling her blouse off, she tossed it to one side, her plain tan bra covering her rather plump and voluptuous tits. If you had to ask who had the largest breasts in Gryffindor House, you'd be hard pressed to find someone's larger than Lavender's. They were large without dropping and sagging to her knees, being delightfully plump and well formed. They hung delectably on her body and combined with her rather slim figure, made her look gorgeous. Even if she was a little deranged in the head sometimes. Dropping her skirt, she peeled of her simple cotton panties, tossing her bra to one side as well, leaving her entirely naked. Her cock was around eight inches and wasn't anything to call home about compared to the other lovely ladies of the House, but was still relatively large. "You wanna touch my cock, Won-won. I'll bet it's the biggest you've seen. And it's all for you. Every inch. I'll never let anyone else touch it, just you. My Won-won," she purred, strutting over to Ron's hand and sliding her cock into his palm, the restrained nature of his hand making it a little clumsy. Moaning loudly at the simple touch, Lavender filled the room with lustful moans that went way beyond a simple handjob, her pleasured sounds elicited simply by the over-charged eroticism of the moment, something that Ron quietly relished, loving the fact that such a simple act of a handjob could elicit so much enjoyment from the mysterious girl. "Wow… It's big. So big," Ron said, swept up in the naughtiness of moment and overexaggerating his reaction to her cock, his fingers tightening around her tip, causing her to gasp loudly and stop, her cock twitching rapidly in his hand. Lavender hadn't cum for a week now. Her date at the Yule Ball fell through and her attempts to find Padma and Parvati came up dry, meaning that she wasn't able to source any pleasure. And over the weeks, any attempt to get relief from the twins was met with a resounding no, the two girls wanting to save themselves for Ron so that they could get a proper fuck. So, the simple touch from Ron's hand was enough to tip the young and frankly inexperienced girl over the edge, her cock erupting in Ron's hand and covering the headboard in her seed, moans filling the room as she came at the slightest provocation, Ron murmuring to her, "I hope that's not you done now?" "Oh… Oh my… Not at all. I would never leave my Won-won un satisfied. I would suck your cock for days if that was what it took," Lavender purred as her cock quickly softened in his hand. Blushing wildly as she realised what just happened, she dropped down to Ron's cheek and kissed him softly, trying to get the angle on his lips, but finding it difficult to slide her head beneath him. Giving up, she strode to the end of the bed and clambered up behind him and smiled, "But seeing as my Won-won likes butt-stuff, I'll have to treat him…" Faced with Ron's bum, Lavender was completely out of her depth. Normally she was on the bottom of most encounters with the Twins and neither of them was particularly fond of having her licking their arses. Not that they didn't enjoy it, they just weren't as big a fan of the act as they were of blowjobs. So, she was flying blind. But desperate to please Ron, she planted her hands on his arse and spread his cheeks, revealing his tight flexing hole, well used and well-practiced, but still deliciously tight. Leaning forwards, she let her tongue slide out of her mouth and she ran the flat of her tongue up and across his hole, making sure her slick muscle was pressed tightly against every part of his puckered, wrinkled hole. Receiving a moan of approval, Lavender took this as conformation to keep going, lapping at his hole with her tongue, licking up and down with the flat part and moaning audibly as she lustily ate his ass. The vibrations of her moans shook through his body and whilst he initial clumsy attack wasn't entirely pleasurable, the constant moans brought pleasure the restrained boy's body. "You like that Won-won?" she asked in between licks, her tongue flicking back and forth as she got into the swing of it, her tongue chasing Ron's moans, licking what she could only assume were the most sensitive portions of his ass without actually dipping her tongue inside. His cock twitched and throbbed beneath him, pre-cum beading on his tip and dripping down onto the bed sheets below as the mysterious lover licked at his arse, not giving him the pleasure of her sinking her entire tongue inside him. Pushing his bum back onto her tongue, he tried to force the wriggling digit inside her, but Lavender wasn't having it, her tongue remaining firmly outside his arse, despite her previous promise of doing anything for her 'beloved won-won'. As he pushed back, she pulled away, tucking her tongue back between her lips as she smiled widely. Leaning forwards, she planted her lips on one of his bum cheeks, draping herself lazily across his rear end, licking his skin as she smiled lovingly into his blind face, "Eager, aren't you Won-won. Do you like my tongue?" "Deeper…" he breathed, desperate for more pleasure, her no doubt cute licking of his bum cheeks being hardly pleasurable at all, his cock twitching, his balls heavy and in desperate need of some form of relief. Taken aback by his request, Lavender thought she was doing alright, but quickly surmised that maybe she should go the whole way. She was apprehensive about the taste, but having her hands-on Ron was more than enough to sway her. "Deeper, you say? Okay… Anything for my Won-won…" Lavender smiled, lifting her lips from his cheeks and spreading them once more, his saliva slick hole waiting for her to impale him upon her tongue. Resting the tip of her tongue against the centre of his ass, she gently pushed forwards, apprehensive about the taste, not wanting it to be vile on her tongue. Whilst it wasn't unpleasant, the whole act and sensation that enveloped her body was quite uncomfortable. However, driven by her desire to make Ron cum, she spread his hole wider, her thumbs almost slipping inside his hole to stretch it. Sliding easily in, her lips were quickly planted around his arsehole, her tongue delving deeper and deeper into his hole, all to a chorus of pleasured moans from Ron, his lips constantly parted as her tongue wove deeper and deeper into his arse, spurred on by the eager display from Ron. Pushing his arse back onto her tongue, her impaled himself even further, starting to bounce back and forth, using her tongue to fuck himself as he desperately craved a proper, hard fuck. Doing her best to slide deeper into his bum, her tongue managed to wriggle itself up against his prostate, Ron groaning loudly as she did so, trying to bury his head in the pillows, but being unable to do so due to the current restraints. Grinning into his ass, Lavender assumed she had hit his sweet spot and endeavoured to ride her tongue against until the boy spasmed and spurted, his cock milking free of his seed. Reaching beneath him, she found his cock, the shaft twitching and shuddering, on the verge of an orgasm. Not wanting to miss the opportunity to taste her beloved's seed, she pulled her tongue out his bum and replaced it with a finger, the digit quickly worming its way to his prostate and gently massaging it, his cock dancing and twitching in response and he moaned loudly. Flopping onto her back, she crawled through his knees and found the tip of his gorgeous cock. Not intending on giving him a blowjob, she simply angled his cock towards her face, wanting to bask in his offering. Gently tickling his prostate, she finally pushed him over the edge, his cock twitching of its own volition, a bead of cum leaking from his tip before several long ropes of poured from the head of his cock, showering Lavender's face as she relished the warmth of his load. Continuing to massage his prostate until he was milked dry across her face, the young girl parted her lips and allowed a drop of cum into her mouth which she savoured and readily swallowed, collecting a small mouthful on her finger and devouring it before leaving the rest on her face, painting her in her beloved Won-won's seed. Moaning loudly, Ron let his body twitch and spasm, his cock spurting down onto the mystery girl's face. As his orgasm subsided, she leaned forwards and planted a soft kiss on his tip before sliding out from under him, cum dripping down her face and onto her large, plump breasts. "Want a round two Won-won?" Lavender smiled going back around to the boy's arse, still slick from her previous ministrations and sliding her hardened cock against his hole. She had become aroused yet again pretty quickly after her sudden orgasm and was raring for more pleasure. If she had her way she would be bouncing eagerly on Ron's cock, impaling herself like a good and eager little slut, all for his pleasure, but circumstance dictated that she was going to get a chance to fuck him. She was secretly excited about the prospect of sinking her cock into Ron, excitement that would have been instantly curbed if she wasn't remaining as a secret admirer. "Fuck yeah…" Ron moaned as he felt her tip prod his rear entrance, begging for her to plunge herself deep inside him. He had grown fond of a rougher treatment, but not blisteringly painful treatment. The occasional spank or rough entry had his cock throbbing at the prospect, his recently depleted shaft quickly hardening with the promise of a deep and satisfying fuck to cap everything else off. Wearing Ron's cum with pride, she took his moan of approval as her cue to start, angling her shaft downwards and slowly easing forwards, her tip easily prying apart his tight, constricted hole and allowing almost all her cock to slide in with relative ease. Moaning loudly, she stopped the tightness that was enveloping her cock being incredibly pleasurable, taking her breath away as his tight depths seemed to tighten and loosen, massaging her cock as she simply lingered half in and half out. Ron was equally pleased with the shaft that sank into him. Whilst not the biggest he'd ever taken, it was a damn-side better than having nothing at all and in response to the slick entry, he pushed himself back on her shaft, begging eagerly for more; Lavender being only to happy to comply as she grinned eagerly at the lustful prospects of pleasure on the horizon for her meaty cock. Taking Ron by the hips, Lavender slid herself forwards, submerging every inch of her cock inside Ron and moaning loudly as she hammered home, the pair groaning in unison as they connected at waist to arse. Ron's prostate was firmly squashed against her cock, pleasure dancing and rippling through his body as she filled his arse to the brim with her delicious, creamy cock. Not wanting to simply hump at Ron's rear, Lavender draped herself along his back, her breasts pressing against his shoulders as she started to draw her hips in and out, sliding her cock slowly back and forth, making sure both of them savoured every throbbing inch of her cock, the pair moaning in one another's ears as Ron laid there taking her cock. The sound of their bodies writhing together, their balls slapping together as their bodies slowly grew slicker and slicker with sweat. Starting of slow, Lavender wanted their first time together to be one of sensual nature, their bodies rubbing up against one another as they made love in the most intimate manner she could imagine. Part of her wanted to untie him and let him loose on her, revealing her identity and fucking all through the night in a long lustful haze of sweet, romantic pleasure. Ron, had other ideas. "Fuck me harder… Harder and faster…" Ron breathed in-between slow and purposeful thrusts, causing Lavender to pull back, the air of romanticism shattered as Ron begged to be used as a rutting post. But still, who was she to deny him such pleasures. Sliding down behind him, she took a more standard position, her hands wrapping around his waist and starting to pull him back onto her cock, roughly slamming her cock forward and eliciting a fevered moan of pure and utter pleasure from the redhead; a moan that spurred Lavender eagerly along. Pulling her cock out she slammed forwards, the slapping sound silencing the room as Ron's moans began meek and silent grunts, pleasure cascading through his body as she fucked him harder and harder. Pulling him backwards onto his thrust, she managed to get deeper and deeper, her cock plunging to new and pleasurable depths for the pair of them, Lavender losing herself in the lustiness of the situation and starting to hammer back and forth, her eyes rolling closed. Hammering back and forth, Lavender slid her hands up to Ron's shoulders, using the different anchor point to bury herself deeper and faster. All thoughts of romanticism were drenched in pure and utter pleasure as Lavender forgot she was fucking her crush and simply sought her own pleasure, much to Ron's pleasure. Her hand snaked over to his head, wrapping around his weighty mop of hair and pulling it backwards, using it to sink herself harder and deeper into Ron, the boy groaning in pain but also distinct pleasure. Biting his lip, her let her fuck him like proper toy, a silent fantasy being fulfilled but not the degree he had hoped for. Still, he was hardly going to tell her to stop as his prostate reverberated with orgasmic cascades of pleasure, moans of pleasure dribbling from his lips again and again as his orgasm sensitive cock got closer and closer towards a second less powerful eruption. Lavender was much the same. Even though she wasn't nearly as sensitive as she was when a simple clunky handjob brought her to her orgasm, she was still tingling on the edge, ready to cum deep inside Ron. They came in tandem, with one deep thrust setting them both off. Moaning louder and louder, Ron spurted a few measly strands of cum down onto the bed below, the main force of his load being already plastered on Lavender's orgasm ridden face. Normally, she would have wanted to cum across Ron, but this time she didn't want to relinquish control of his bum, instead opting to unload her smaller load into his arse, her cock twitching and spasming deep inside his hole, filling him with an equally meagre load that barely registered on the boy as he slumped over, his restrains being incredibly uncomfortable now that he had spent his load and wanted to get free. But still, he reckoned that a part of the pleasure was being in that state. Lavender milked her orgasm for all it was worth before pulling out and profusely apologising. "Oh, Won-won, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to get so rough," Lavender apologise rolling of the bed and starting to get dressed, the lustful idea of the secret admirer fantasy fuelling her swift escape. Clothing herself a little clumsily, she wiped her face on the bed sheets before giving him a peck on the cheek, "I would let you down, but then you would see my face and we don't want that do we?" "But, someone will find me like this? I can't…" Ron stammered, trying his best to free himself, but being unable to, turning his blind gaze to follow Lavender's voice as it trailed away to the door, leaving him restrained and stuck, at the mercy of whoever would discover him. "I love you Won-won and we shall be together again, soon. I swear it!" Lavender smiled, blowing him a kiss before rushing away, leaving Ron to wait for whomever would come to find him. He didn't know what would be worse. Dean or Seamus. Or even Neville. Luckily for him, it wasn't any of them, the rather shocked and explicitly disgusted reaction of his best friend filling the room as he saw Ron bent over, "Bloody Hell Ron… Really?" Author's Note: I know I mentioned something about a lustful teacher in the last chapter, but I got so carried away with it that it became more than just a small segment. But you'll have to wait a week for that. Jokes, you can read it now because I figured I'd give you two chapters rather than one. Won't keep you back, but let me know what you think and enjoy your double Monday feature of shemale goodness!
Author's Note: Boom! Surprise! Two chapters in one week, it's Christmas all over again! No, in fact, this was simply meant to be a small 1,000 word segment at the end of the last chapter, but in my lecherous sex addled mind, I simply couldn't let the opportunity go to waist. Besides, people have been asking for some older ladies, so hopefully this will tide you over until they start to get really adventurous. So, instead of simply hacking it off and waiting till next week, I decided I would make it its own chapter and give you two in one week, all because I desperately crave the acceptance of a bunch of people on the internet. That I really like It and you guys are nice and I want to give people decent stuff to fap to instead of this half-baked stuff that people call smut. "Harry fucked Hermione, the end" You guys deserve better than that! So, enjoy, as a lecherous teacher, lets down her hair and gets a little kinky when presented with such a delectable opportunity. Chapter 26: A Sex-Starved Teacher "Is this all of them?" McGonagall asked as Moody sidled into the room, resting himself upon his staff as the older professor surveyed the sight before her. Moody had been tasked with rounding up the incentives for the second task, swiftly parading Hermione Granger, Gabrielle Delacour and Cho Chang into her office whereupon Dumbledore and Madam Maxine swiftly explained the Task and afforded them the opportunity to leave. All of them were sceptical at first, but were quickly swayed and swiftly put under a sleeping charm, ready to be taken to the Black Lake come the morning, remaining in the safety of McGonagall's office until such notice. However, she was shrewd enough to realise that Potter's incentive was nowhere to be seen. "No, I couldn't find Weasley, but I'll search the castle again," Moody explained, disappearing once more around the corner, leaving McGonagall, Maxine and Dumbledore alone. Strutting around to her desk, McGonagall cast Dumbledore a disapproving look, not entirely thrilled with the Task, but unwilling to bring such scrutiny to the light in the company of Maxine. "Minerva, would you be so kind as to explain the Task and the risks when Alistair returns? I must go to the Lake and ensure that preparations are completed. The Merepeople are hardly the most civil to deal with," Dumbledore smiled, excusing himself and striding swiftly from the room, Maxine quick in tow, lazily saying that she had to go and ensure that Fleur was sufficiently prepared. McGonagall was silently pleased that she was left alone, with Maxine hardly being good company. Being a loftier breed than even that of McGonagall, she was surprisingly smarmy, a trait that the Professor had the highest distaste for. Suddenly, a thought arose, McGonagall rising swiftly from her seat and striding around to the unconscious girls and gently checking their pockets. She had meant to ask them to remove such items from their person so as to not damage them, but completely forgot, resolving her to have to get more hands on than was strictly applicable in such a strange situation. Removing Ms Chang's personal effects, she quickly checked the young French girl, quietly remarking that there didn't seem to be enough fabric so as to actually pocket anything. And in her clumsiness, the Professor hiked her remarkably short skirt up a little to high, the young girl's crotch flagrantly on display with no panties in place to occlude her softened cock. Delicately pulling the garment back down, McGonagall cursed as she felt the simple look at the young girl's cock elicited a small reaction in her. McGonagall was a Abstirea. A requirement of all female Hogwarts Professors to assure that the natural need for relief didn't interfere with their teaching or land them in any explicitly questionable circumstances with the students. Essentially, it was a form of magical meditation that allowed the user to go months or even years without sexual relief and forgo the negative consequences of insanity that were typical with such lengths of time. It required a diligent and mind a supreme understanding of the magical methods behind such mastery, but it was sufficiently effective. Although, in her old age, McGonagall found herself needing to indulge occasionally, opting for the secrecy and privacy of the school Gloryhole to quell such distasteful urges. Moving onto Hermione, she plucked her wand and a few scrunched-up pieces of parchment, before sliding a small notebook out of her rear pocket. Understandably intrigued and out of pure force of habit, she peeled the pages apart, her eyes widening as she read the information lain out across the paper: Hermione Jean Granger Cock Size: Eleven Inches Previous Lovers: See Listed Below Kinks: Loves being dominant and prefers a submissive partner. Current Fantasy: Dominate Ron Weasley Ronald Billius Weasley Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Hermione Granger, Fleur Delacour, Padma Patil, Parvati Patil, Lavender Brown Kinks: Fond of a firm hand and subtle domination. Prefers to have another take the lead in sexual activities. Open to submission and the intrinsic acts of domination. Current Fantasy: Fantasises about experiencing true domination. Whips, chains and all manner of perversions. Wants to explore in a comfortable environment, but one where he can be truly tested. Gabrielle Delacour Cock Size: Seven Inches Previous Lovers: Fleur Delacour, Apolline Delacour, Hermione Granger, Roger Davies Kinks: Diverse in pleasure. Prefers intimacy over extraneous perversion. A secret lover of incestual relationships and enjoys company of family members. Promiscuous and explorative. Current Fantasy: Skinny-Dipping in the Lake with her sister and select partners. Draco Malfoy Cock Size: Seven Inches Previous Lovers: Pansy Parkinson, Bellatrix Lestrange, Hermione Granger Kinks: Dominant and in favour of his partner's complete and utter submission. Enjoys spanking others, denial or orgasm, choking and prioritises his own pleasure over that of others. Current Fantasy: Having his own personal sex slave Fleur Delacour Cock Size: Twelve Inches Previous Lovers: Gabrielle Delacour, Apolline Delacour, Rita Skeeter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Roger Davies Kinks: Wily and enjoys a promiscuous lifestyle. Fond of incestual relationships, domination and savours the opportunity to make some bend to her whims. Prefers intimacy when with familial members. Current Fantasy: Indulge in a more submissive role with Hermione Granger. Viktor Krum Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Viktoria Atanas, Maria Boyan, Elana Ivo, Hermione Granger Kinks: Open, but prefers to be on top. Doesn't mind being dominant or submissive, but has a strong hesitancy to be on the receiving end. Prefers younger girls. Current Fantasy: Bulgarian Orgy Minerva McGonagall Cock Size: Twelve Inches Previous Lovers: Albus Dumbledore, Rolanda Hooch, Pomona Sprout, Poppy Pomfrey, Alicia Spinnet, Hermione Granger, Marietta Edgecombe Kinks: Less concerned in romantic encounters and simply prefers to be serviced and departs. Silently revels in the inherent dominant side of being a teacher and if engaging in meaningful relations, prefers to be increasingly dominant. Current Fantasy: Student/Teacher Role-play with Gabrielle Delacour Parvati Patil Cock Size: Ten Inches Previous Lovers: Padma Patil, Lavender Brown, Harry Potter, Ron Weasley Kinks: Lover of slow and sensual encounters, prefer to lavish and be lavished. Romanticism is beloved and relishes the opportunity to feign a romantic experience if the true feelings behind such intimacy are lacking. Current Fantasy: Being swept of her feet and taken for a long, romantic weekend of lusty and pure erotic love-making. Pansy Parkinson Cock Size: Indeterminant Previous Lovers: Draco Malfoy, Ginny Weasley, Hermione Granger, Harry Potter, Graham Pritchard Kinks; Loves to dominate, but wants more than anything to make Draco Malfoy happy. Likes to make people her bitch and prefers young more vulnerable people to make into her own submissive sex slave. Current Fantasy: Dominate Draco Malfoy without him knowing it to be her. Ginny Weasley Cock Size: Ten Inches Previous Lovers: Molly Weasley, Luna Lovegood, Harry Potter, Pansy Parkinson, Hermione Granger, Neville Longbottom Kinks: Explorative in nature, ready and willing to partake in anything and everything sexual. However, prefers sharing partners than sole romantic intimacy. More the merrier, to be so crude. Current Fantasy: Sex with Harry Potter Luna Lovegood Cock Size: Eleven Inches Previous Lovers: Ginny Weasley, Harry Potter, Hermione Granger Kinks: The eccentric and perverse. Current Fantasy: Sex with Harry Potter… Without the Nargles watching her… Harry Potter Cock Size: Ten Inches Previous Lovers: Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood, Rita Skeeter, Katie Bell, Lavender Brown, Padma Patil, Parvati Patil, Hermione Granger, Myrtle Warren Kinks: Explorative in nature, ready and willing to partake in anything and everything sexual. Increasingly caring, preferring to ensure his partners sexual relief as opposed to craving his own. Current Fantasy: Sex with Ginny Weasley McGonagall was horrified. Not at the sexually explicit nature of the notebook, but instead the implication that was buried within it. The fact that her name was listed amongst what she could only imagine to be a list of Hermione Granger's previous love making partners, was extraordinary. Whether it was of Granger's own making or by magical enchantment, it certainly implicated the teacher to enormous degree. That and the fact that she wholeheartedly denied the fact that she would indulge in something so perverse as teacher/student relations. The Gloryhole was simply a means to an end, not an indulgence. And to have such lusty desires with a girl as young as Gabrielle Delacour was certainly beyond her station. Placing the book alongside Granger's other personal effects, McGonagall returned to her desk, brushing any lewd thoughts from her mind, but not entirely able to do so. She had always debated it. Asking a student to stay behind after class, accepting a sexual favour in return for a higher grade or simply indulging a horny student who had a crush. The Muggles seemed to have a bizarre fascination for the idea, making the thoughts in her mind seem all the more normal. Certainly, one of the muggle-raised students would understand, if not celebrate the fantasy. Maybe she should. Perhaps, Granger would be more than receptive of such a notion. Although her grades hardly required boosting. Potter, perhaps. His entry in the book did suggest he was quite open. Maybe, he could be hoodwinked into sliding down onto his knees. The thought had made her hard beneath her clothing, her cock pressing tightly against the fabric of her panties, her hand drifting down to meet it, grasping and pulling at the length as she sought to free it, despite any means of relieving herself. Well… strictly speaking. Hiking her rather lengthy robes up around her waist, she tugged her panties aside, groaning rather lustily and out of character from her usual stern and unshifting demeanour. Her cock flopped free, rather large. A result of being a Abstirea, the magical build up resulted in her cock growing slowly over the years. When she was in her teens, she sported a modest eight-inch shaft, but over the years, bit by bit, it grew a little larger. Not that she was afforded many opportunities to make good use of it as those of the younger generation might, but it still made her smile a bit. Slowly, she drew her hand back and forth along her cock, knowing that the pleasure was only serving towards a futile end. She still gently thrust upwards into her hand a little, craving that silky sensation her hand gave her and making her moan as if she were some common slut and not the Professor of Transfiguration. Suddenly, her attention was ripped elsewhere, torn away and across to the open door of her office. No one was standing there, but the looming threat of Moody or someone else returning to spy her flagrantly masturbating was a threat she could not withstand. Rising to her feet, she straightened out of robes, pinning her cock in place with her panties, but still having it flopped down against her leg, hidden and out of view. Walking straight past the three unconscious girls, she closed the door. Locking the door, McGonagall sighed a sigh of relief, knowing that she was able to do as she wished. Reaching up to the strings of her robes, she undid them, letting the fall swiftly to the ground. Unclasping her bra, she dropped her panties, her body surprisingly lithe and free of blemishes. Whilst her age was undeniable, the pertness of her breasts and bum was not something to be scoffed at. Whilst, she had wrinkles, they did not cover her body making her a sagging bag of bones. Her lithe figure and posture meant that her skin was often pulled tighter wrinkles being undone. One of her quiet comforts was simply relishing in her own nudity. It didn't bring her much sexual pleasure, as she had learned to stave such emotions away, but simply afforded her an opportunity to not been the teacher and simply be alone. However, turning swiftly around, she realised she was not alone. From where she was standing, McGonagall was giving a clear and unhampered look at Gabrielle's lower half, her cock still soft and small on her body, her small yet slender legs hanging delicately off the end of one of the tables. Glancing behind herself, as if she was worrying that someone would see her, McGonagall inched slowly towards the young girl, curiously intrigued by her young and thin form. From what she had read in the notebook, Gabrielle was no stranger to things of a sexual nature, even contending with her sister's cock which incidentally was the same length as her own. She wouldn't mind if… she had… just a peek. Just a peek. As if carried by an invisible, lecherous hand, McGonagall felt her normal logical and reasonable self, disappear. Sure, she had those fantasies, but she always kept them in line. But with the possibility to simply have a look, not actually indulge, laid right in front of her, it was like decades of sexual abstinence had clouded her judgement. All those lost years of being up close and personal (not behind a wall in a cramped cubicle) took over and she found herself lusting in a strange and thrilling way. Her usual demeanour shattered entirely as she took the thin fabric of the young girl's robes into her hand and peeled them up and away, lifting them up and over her body, folding them delicately to one side and laying her nubile body out before her, her pale French skin exposed and at her mercy. Running her hand along her thigh, she watched as the simple graze elicited a response in the young girl's body, her cock slowly starting to harden, her seven inches becoming rock hard, standing tall and proud before her. It was only when McGonagall's skilled and aged hand wrapped around the pale and milky shaft, that a moan escaped the young girl's lips and snapped McGonagall out of her perverse haze. Throwing the silky robes across the young girl's body, not bothering to clothe her properly, she returned to her stern demeanour and strutted swiftly around to her desk and sank back into her chair. Little did she know, that simple graze and soft moan from the young girl as all the permission Gabrielle felt she needed to give, even in a sleepy haze, a fact only reaffirmed by the powerful magical object sitting on Minerva's desk. Out of curiosity, her cock still throbbing, she picked the small notebook up and reread the young girl's entry, her eyes widening as a single detail had changed: Gabrielle Delacour Cock Size: Seven Inches Previous Lovers: Fleur Delacour, Apolline Delacour, Hermione Granger, Roger Davies Kinks: Diverse in pleasure. Prefers intimacy over extraneous perversion. A secret lover of incestual relationships and enjoys company of family members. Promiscuous and explorative. Current Fantasy: Sex Where her current fantasy had once lamented about wanting to skinny-dip in the lake, it now simply said sex, the young girl's unconscious body, silently in need of some form of pleasure. Reading those words, that lusty demon inside the teacher once more took control, deciding that she would take it easy on the young girl, only doing what was necessary to relieve herself of the tension between her legs. No more, no less. Striding slowly around to the young girl, McGonagall felt slightly weird, but dispelled such ideas from her head as she simply rested a finger against the young girl's arm, Gabrielle moaning audibly and frankly exaggerated, giving McGonagall clear and obvious vibes as to the dreamy thoughts of the French girl. Still a little hesitant to slam her cock deep into the young girl, McGonagall took a safer approach, craving that more intimate side to sex. Strutting around to Gabrielle's crotch, the teacher leant over her rapidly hardening cock, running her tongue along her lips. It had been years since she had indulged in such a perverse act as oral, instead preferring to receive. But since she was in private company, the teacher threw caution to the wind and bent slowly over, her hands running up and down Gabrielle's creamy, white thighs, massaging her flesh and getting soft, delicate moans of approval in response. Moans that filled the room as Minerva parted her own lips and let her tongue grazed the glossy, pre-cum coated tip of the young girl's shaft, causing Gabrielle's hand to twitch slightly as if to move and guide the older woman's head down her length. That first taste reminded the older woman just how much she had once relished this simple act. She was once a teenager and like the teenagers currently inhabiting Hogwarts, she was prone to sexual deviancy. The current levels of sexual intimacy at Hogwarts were no surprise and she could hardly dissuade people from it upon a moral level as in a bygone age, she did exactly the same. Pressing her lips against the tip of her cock, McGonagall coated her lips in her pre-cum, slowly licking them clean before laying the flat of her tongue against her bulbous and throbbing head, wrapping the eager muscle around her thick shaft, a moan escaping her aged lips as the substance coated the inside of her mouth, memories of her youth flooding back. Parting her lips, she swiftly enveloped the girl's pale and creamy tip, moaning loudly as the warm throbbing head pressed against the roof of her mouth, a smile coming to her lips, distorted by the cock within her mouth and any thoughts of disapproval disappeared. Slowly, McGonagall pushed her lips downwards, slowly, but surely taking inch after inch of the French girl's cock into her mouth. Even though it was quite small, she still felt it push against the back of her throat, the tip of Gabrielle's cock begging access to the deeper portions of the elderly teacher's mouth. In her youth, she had developed a degree of competency when it came to blowjobs and prided herself on her abilities. And whilst the book was obviously time sensitive, McGonagall had practiced upon many fellow students in her time. Obviously, the notebook removed partners after excessive time, making them no longer applicable. Luckily for the professor, otherwise Hermione would have clued into her grand sexual past and would be able to make assumptions that were less than favourable in terms of the older woman. Desperate to know if she still had those skills in her old age, McGonagall eagerly swallowed, the tip pushing into the depths of her throat and instantly being flung out as she gagged and spluttered rather inelegantly, a dribble of saliva running down her normal composed cheek. Wiping it away, she resumed her confident stance, her hand jerking back and forth along the girl's cock as she reaffirmed her composure, now resolute in the notion that she would have to relearn the intimacies of a good deepthroat. A prospect that made her feel rather naughty and promiscuous. Emotions long forgotten by the older woman, but one's that were welcomed eagerly with a curt smile. Returning her lips to the girl's cock, she went about her blowjob with an eager yet deliberate purpose. Her shaft was small enough so that her tongue was able to wrap and dart around her cock with ease, stimulating different parts at different times and causing Gabrielle to unconsciously lift her bum for a moment, craving more and more depth within the skilled woman's throat, craving the depth that would make this the perfectly blowjob in her young, sex-addled mind. Sliding her lips up and down Gabrielle's cock, McGonagall kept her composed look, despite being entirely naked and with a cock in her mouth. It someone walked it, it was highly likely that the look McGonagall was wearing, all the while sucking a cock, could make the intruder feel like they are the inappropriate link in this scenario. Such was the Professor's shrewd stoicism. However, that stern exterior soon bled away as she began to lustily drag her lips back and forth, her composed and clean blowjob growing progressively sloppier, one of her hands dropping to Gabrielle's tiny balls and massaging the sensitive handful, the other hand wandering up towards her small, budding breasts, gently squeezing them and tweaking the girl's young nipple, Gabrielle moaning in her slumber. Bringing each of her nipples to erect peaks, McGonagall left Gabrielle's cock, the hand that was on her balls wrapping around the young creamy cock, jerking it back and forth as McGonagall's lips latched onto the French's girl's nipple, her other hand still massaging and squeezing her young boob. Her memories fuelled her actions, her tongue darting back and forth across the young girl's sensitive nub, playing with the nipple to a chorus of small moans, moans that milked more and more pre-cum from the Professor's cock, her cock twitching between her legs desperate for some attention. Gently nibbling on her nipple, McGonagall slid her thumb up to the tip of Gabrielle's cock, peeling away her foreskin and attacking the sensitive purple flesh with her thumb, pre-cum pouring from her tip as she did so. Switching to the other nipple, McGonagall moaned, savouring the taste of her flesh, the feel of her body, trying desperately to figure out why she ever gave such intimacy up in favour of a tepid blowjob through a cubicle wall. She wasn't even being pleasured herself, but the pure eroticism had her more aroused, horny and happy then ever before. Pulling away from Gabrielle for just a moment, McGonagall pulled her glasses off, setting them clumsily on her desk before undoing her hair bun and shaking her hair free, the woman surprisingly attractive when casting such restraints behind. Returning to Gabrielle's cock, McGonagall felt the young girl's shaft throb and pulsate inside her mouth, readying to unload any second now. Lapping at her sensitive flesh, McGonagall was desperate to have her cum. Had Gabrielle been conscious she would have remarked at just how quickly the woman had brought her to her orgasm, her latent abilities obviously remaining somewhat in her mind from her youth. Bobbing her head up and down, Minerva forewent any intricacies, instead speeding faster and faster, until finally, Gabrielle unloaded, her cum spurting onto McGonagall's tongue. There wasn't much there as Gabrielle had just been with her sister when Maxine called upon her, but McGonagall didn't mind, savouring the forgotten taste and swallowing it diligently, her hand jerking the young girl's shaft for a moment before letting it flop flaccidly down her thigh. Clearing her throat, McGonagall walked to her desk and withdrew a handkerchief, wiping her lips and mouth as well as her hand, her lustful desire not inhibiting her restrained sensibilities. She had hoped Gabrielle would stay hard so as she could relieve herself without having to inflict her shaft upon the young girl. However, much to McGonagall's surprise and relief, an opportunity and solution presented itself to her, much to her delight. Rolling her head to the side, Cho, consumed in a lustful dream brought upon by the sounds of steady and skilled blowjob moaned, "Cedric… Oh, Cedric… Fuck my mouth… I want to make you happy. Use my mouth, baby…" Moving instinctively to accommodate Cho's desires, McGonagall had to stop herself, her reason and logic taking control once more. Whereas Gabrielle was a little clearer, Cho was simply mumbling in her sleep. And it wasn't like she could check the notebook. Well… Turning back to the notebook, McGonagall took up her quill and turned to a fresh page before writing the name 'Cho Chang'. Much to her surprise, it worked, the page filling up with a wealth of information listed below. Cho Chang Cock Size: Eleven Inches Previous Lovers: See Listed Below Kinks: Being dominant. Loves to have a true submissive to be at her beck and whim, who loves her and wants to service her. A more intimate version of a sex slave. Current Fantasy: Please Cedric Diggory and sex. Marietta Edgecombe Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Cho Chang, Minerva McGonagall Kinks: Submissive, but likes a romantic touch. Jealous of her best-friend, but lusts after her boyfriend, hoping to indulge in him. Likes strong burly men taking her passionately. Current Fantasy: For Cedric to tire of Cho and take Marietta roughly and passionately Fred Weasley Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet, Katie Bell, Cho Chang Kinks: Likes group sessions and orgies. Current Fantasy: Entire Quidditch Team Orgy George Weasley Cock Size: Nine Inches Previous Lovers: Angelina Johnson, Alicia Spinnet, Katie Bell, Cho Chang Kinks: Likes rough, hard sex and being stretched to his limits. Not in a submissive way, but in a prideful way, one that he hides from his brother. Current Fantasy: Double penetration with Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet Cedric Diggory Cock Size: Eight Inches Previous Lovers: Cho Chang, Rita Skeeter Kinks: A romantic. Wants sex to mean something rather than be a means to pass the time. But when having sex wants it to passionate long and infinitely creative Current Fantasy: Cho Chang Angelina Johnson Cock Size: Twelve Inches Kinks: Loves being serviced. Loves the idea of simply letting someone please and bounce on her cock. Loves the idea of people doing things just to make her a little bit happier Current Fantasy: For Fred and George Weasley to fuck whilst she watches Alicia Spinnet Cock Size: Ten Inches Kinks: Enjoys waiting a few days before having sex, only to enjoy a lengthy session to relieve herself. Not particularly emotional and prefers less intimacy in her fucks. Loves the Quidditch Team Meetings as a result of this. Current Fantasy: Expand the Quidditch Team Orgies Katie Bell Cock Size: Six Inches Kinks: Rough, hardcore sex and revels in being fucked hard. Enjoys spanking. Doesn't particularly enjoy being dominated and humiliated. Is a fan of roleplays. Current Fantasy: Teacher/Student Roleplay with 'Professor Potter'. Smiling as she read Cho's entry, McGonagall set the book aside and took this as enough conformation. Wrapping her hand around her cock, Minerva jerked herself steadily off, approaching Cho's mouth. Shuffling closer and closer to her lips, the musk of her delicious cock caught Cho's attention, her lips instinctively parting and her head angling itself towards her bulbous tip, giving McGonagall the inclination that she wanted it. Those lustful thoughts seized control of her once more, the horny and pleasure fuelled teacher pressing the tip of her thick, bulbous cock against the young Asian girl's lips, her cock head easily slipping into her eager mouth, her tongue moving lazily back and forth across her tip before falling to the side and allowing McGonagall full and unhampered access to the tight girl's throat. Moaning at the warming pleasure of Cho's mouth, Minerva had to stop herself from sinking the entire length into her entire throat and simply revel in the simple pleasures before going further. Slowly, but surely, she pushed forwards, her tip finding the back of Cho's throat almost instantly, the young girl's lips wrapped tightly around her shaft as her mammoth cock stretched her to her limits. Probing the back of her throat, McGonagall was surprised as she pushed forwards without any hinderance, the young Asian girl's unconscious state easing her ability to handle a shaft, much to the Professor's glee. Wrapping a hand around Cho's neck, she supported the girl's neck as she thrust forwards, easily pushing her entire length deep into Cho's throat, her lips wrapped firmly around her base, nestled amongst the neatly tended tufts of greyed pussy hair. Moaning as her first hands on blowjob resulted in a girl who could deepthroat, McGonagall simply savoured the tight depths of the girl's mouth, moaning to herself as her free hand grasped her breasts, their sensitivity remaining despite her aged appearance and subsequently eliciting another moan of deep, perverse and immense pleasure. Whilst it was incredibly wrong, McGonagall couldn't help herself, slowly undoing the Asian girl's robes and peeling them away from her body, revealing her plump breasts. Not bothering to undo her bra, she simply slid the garment down to her belly, her tits bouncing free. Her cock was restrained behind her panties, a garment that Minerva was quick to pull to one side, her cock bursting out and flopping against her belly. Gently starting to thrust her cock in and out of Cho's tight throat, McGonagall revelled in the slick sloppiness of the young girl's gloriously pleasurable throat. Fucking her quicker and quicker, the older woman was quickly consumed by pleasure, hammering her cock harder and harder into the young girl's vulnerable, but eager throat. Moans could still be heard from deep with her mouth, but more importantly felt, their delicious vibrations milking more and more pre-cum into her mouth which she readily swallowed even though unconscious. Her balls began to echo through the room, slapping against her cheek as she fucked her with an increased fervour, grunting and moan as she built up a sweat. Despite being consumed by pleasure, McGonagall still felt a pang of guilt. Not because of what she was doing, but because of the selfish nature of such an act. Cho's cock remained hard and stiff and she would likely remain unsatisfied, prompting McGonagall's to straddle the girl's head, her cock buried all the way in her spluttering throat, her pert and aged bum presented to the roof as she came face to face with the Asian beauty's thick, throbbing cock. Considerably larger than Gabrielle's, Cho's shaft already had a bead of pre-cum collecting on her tip, a bead that McGonagall quickly lapped at. She had long debated about going to the Gloryhole simply to serve rather than be served, but deemed it far to inappropriate. She was there to get relief, not to indulge teenage fantasies of hers. But the newfound pleasure she was finding in having a cock in her hand and in her mouth was quickly going to lead her to change her decision for the naughtier, but pleasurable option. Leaning forwards, the teacher didn't hesitate in plunging her lips down the girl's shaft, taking about four inches before her throat began to fight back. Letting her tongue roam wildly, McGonagall started to hump up and down, sliding her cock in and out of Cho's mouth, the greedy slurping sounds of the young girl spurring the horny teacher onwards. The same feeling selfishness that caused her to take Cho's cock into her mouth in the first place, prompted McGonagall to administer the same treatment that Cho was so lovingly giving her to the Asian's girl's cock in return. Resting the girl's cock against the back of her aged throat, McGonagall swallowed, pushing any thoughts of gagging and spluttering to the back of her mind. A few stray convulsions caused her to stop, but slowly, but surely, she was able to swallow the entirety of her cock with relative ease, her lips being pressed firmly around the base of her shaft, the older woman's nose buried in her Cho's balls and vice versa. Silently celebrating the accomplishment, McGonagall built up a slow and steady rhythm, working her lips up and down the girl's cock as she fervently slammed her own shaft into her tight, convulsing throat. From experience, McGonagall knew that when in the hands of a skilled mouth, a slow and steady blowjob is always preferable. Anyone can have their throat fucked, but with a tongue that knows what it's doing, going slower is infinitely more pleasurable. Slowly moving her lips up and down Cho's cock, Minerva made sure to wrap and dart her tongue around the young girl's cock as much as possible. Whenever her lips came back to Cho's tip, she pulled her head out of her mouth and let her tongue go wild, coating the tip in saliva and cleaning the sloppier aspects of her cock before easing her cock back deep into her throat. Her hand made sure to constantly jerk the young girl's cock off whenever it was safely at home inside her throat. One of her hands had permanently wrapped around Cho's balls, massaging and playing with the sensitive balls of flesh, adding more and more to the pleasure coursing through the unconscious young Asian girl. Glancing over at Hermione and Gabrielle, McGonagall was met with a delicious sight. In her sleep, Hermione's hand had woven its way into her robes and had fished her thick throbbing cock out of her panties, her hand gently jerking herself off whilst she slept. Feeling somewhat responsible for the young lady's predicament, McGonagall wondered just how she should deal with such a problem. However, her mouth was full of a throbbing, convulsing cock that was on the verge of an orgasm. Having built up a tolerance, McGonagall was a fair way away from her orgasm and had no intentions of using Cho's mouth for her own pleasure once the Asian girl had exploded her load deep into her own throat. Whilst every bone in the older woman's body wanted to impale one of the girls on her shaft, she knew that was not only questionable, but would be incredibly painful and so McGonagall conceded to the notion that she'd have to use Hermione's cock in a different, but equally pleasurable way. She just hoped that after all these years she was still loose enough. Plunging her lips once more down Cho's cock, she felt her balls begin to twitch in her hand and the first rope of delicious cum spurt from the tip of the Asian girl's cock. Holding her lips in place, McGonagall allowed the young girl to fill her throat with her cum, easily swallowing it after getting herself into the groove of deepthroating. Bobbing her head up and down a few times, she made sure that ever drop was deposited into her throat, the woman moaning as she plucked her lips from the now softening cock. Using her tongue, she collected one last bead of cum that remained on the girl's tip before slowly clambering down from the girl's body. Giving Cho a few more thrusts, McGonagall savoured the tight depths of her throat, before finally freeing her of her cock and allowing her to roll over and curl in, descending deeper and deeper into her slumber. Pulling Cho's panties and bra back into place, Minerva tied her robes back up, making it so that no one would ever wonder or question the sight, the slight dribble of saliva rolling out her mouth hardly being questionable. Doing the same with Gabrielle, McGonagall finally turned to Hermione, the girl's cock standing hard and ready for a good fucking. She didn't even consult the small notebook to see what Hermione was thinking, instead sliding Hermione's hand away from her shaft and dribbling a mouthful of saliva down the young girl's cock, Hermione moaning softly as she handed her shaft over to the older teacher. Desperate to cum, McGonagall wasted no time in clambering atop the table and straddling Hermione's waist, the young girl's cock grinding up through her pert and aged butt, grazing her long untouched arse hole and causing the pair of them to moan together. The older woman would have much preferred a more engaged participant to fuck herself on, but she was more than happy to relish the pleasures of being fucked in the ass by such a glorious cock on her own. Pressing the saliva slick cockhead against her tight constricted hole, McGonagall wormed around for a moment, trying to find the perfect angle to ease the tip inside. She hadn't been fucked for years and it was showing, but the older woman was desperate for some relief and refused to descend to the depravity of using one of the girl's arse as her own unconscious plaything. Finally, she found the angle, her hole parting to allow Hermione's cock inside, the tip easing itself slowly inside bringing a grunt of pain to Minerva's lips and a sensational moan of pleasure to Hermione's. Confident that her shaft wouldn't pop out, Minerva took her hands away and steadied herself, slowly trying to relax and breathe. Closing her eyes, her hands instinctively went to Hermione's breasts, squeezing them through the thin fabric of her clothing. In her sleep, Hermione moved a hand over McGonagall's, the older woman startled, trying to pull away, only to find the younger girl's hand guiding her grip to the most sensitive areas of her breast to bring more moans to unconscious form. Spurred on by the eagerness of the young girl, McGonagall slowly started to sink downwards, inch after inch submerging itself in her tight bum, spreading her wider and wider. A part of the Professor had wished that she had opted for a smaller cock to mark her first fuck in years, but as Hermione's tip prodded her prostate, all thoughts of that kind were replaced by turbulent bursts of sumptuous pleasure. Every inch that pushed against her button made her moan until finally she rested her bum on Hermione's thighs, the entire shaft plunged deep into her hole, her own cock throbbing between her legs, spilling pre-cum down her already saliva slick shaft. Curious as to what she could do to bring more pleasure to her body, McGonagall reached out for Hermione's other hand and brought it to her own cock, wrapping the young girl's dainty and delicate fingers around her cock and moaning at her soft touch. Her grip was limp at first, but Hermione eventually tightened her grasp, assuming in her slumber that the length she was steadily stroking was in fact her own and moaning subconsciously in tandem with McGonagall as she slowly started to bounce up and down on the bookish girl's cock, the pair grinding together in delicious pleasure. As she started to bounce up and down, McGonagall's hands began to work at undoing Hermione's robes, her tongue hungering for something to treat and lick. Throwing open robes, her hands grasped and groped at her breasts, moans of pleasure coming from Hermione's lips as she arched her back, begging for more. She wore a simple white cotton bra, but still looked sensational. The simplicity of it all was arousing to McGonagall as she folded the fabric down over her breasts, tugging it to her stomach rather than unclasping it entirely, revealing her plump handfuls of soft sumptuous flesh, all at the professor's disposal. As she leant down and captured one of the tiny little nipples in her lips, McGonagall felt her body click into place, her arse loose enough to allow for a deep and lusty fuck, her bum crashing up and down at a pleasurably swift pace, the sound of her cheeks gently smacking, filling the room. Gently biting Hermione's nipple, Mcgonagall began to slam her ass down harder and harder, her memories of youth and her deft abilities at handling a cock coming flooding back as she moaned lustily around Hermione's nipple, lapping and licking eagerly at any delicious creamy flesh she could find. Hermione's hand was still moving back and forth across McGonagall's cock, though at a slower pace than she would usually do. Biting a mouthful of Hermione's breast, any composure Minerva had employed previously disappeared entirely, becoming a horny and rabid sex fiend, slamming her arse up and down, impaling herself on every deliciously delectable inch of Hermione's throbbing cock. Both of them were on the edge, readying to cum and cum harder. Hermione had been craving an orgasm all day, intending on going and finding Harry after classes for an impromptu shag, only to be approached by Professor Moody and recruited into the next task. Her cock had been hard for the entire walk to McGonagall's office and was hard even after the sleeping charm was administered. Now, even in an unconscious state, she was desperately craving that simplistic orgasmic beauty, moans dribbling from her unconscious mouth. McGonagall was doing her best to hold of her orgasm, wanting to make sure she didn't cum before Hermione did, a perverse sense of duty guiding her to ensure her partner had the same degree of pleasure as she did, the older woman starting to grind her arse against Hermione wanting her to explode before she did. Luckily for her, Hermione came first, her cum spurting deep inside the older woman's arse and triggering her own orgasm. Several long strands of cum flooded across Hermione's bare stomach as she pumped her Transfiguration Teacher full of cum, her arse quivering as she felt it spurt deeper and deeper, filling her to the brim. McGonagall bounced up and down a few more times, making sure even the slightest dribble had been milked from her shaft, before taking her own cock in her hand and squeezing out the remnants of what had to be one of her more intense orgasm. Her body had begun shaking, her ass clenching and her usual composure was replaced with a lusty greed for more and more pleasure. Finally clambering off Hermione, the teacher wiped her down and cleaned her up, replacing her clothing to make sure that no one would know. A dribble of cum was running down the inside of her thigh and just as she began to clean herself up, she heard a knock at the door. Flying into a panic, McGonagall dressed herself, quickly charging over to the door and opening it to see Moody, "Weasley for you, Professor McGonagall." Moody had a wry smirk on his face as he stood there, his eye spinning back and forth, his look hinting that he had maybe spied at least a little of him. The redhead moved into the room, McGonagall's eyes fixed on Moody as he turned and sidled away, turning back briefly to simply say, "And Professor, someone's panties are on your floor." Her eyes widened as she looked down at the floor, her simplistic underwear lain there instead of covering her intimate areas beneath the robe. Snatching them up before Weasley figured It out, she slammed the door and crossed back to her desk, ready to discuss the Task with Potter's thing of value. Author's Note: Fun fact, for all you fun fact fans. I had only intended on making the notebook a small and brief cameo, but I soon realised that Hermione had indulged in so many sexual partners that it quickly spiralled into a lengthy update. But hey, it should give you an insight into some characters and also hint at a couple chapters I have planned that are coming up. Should be fun to see people trying to decipher them! (Also, I count sexual partners as partners that have cum as a result of someone else. I.e. Even though the Gloryhole featured the Twins and was only a blowjob, that still counted!) Hope you enjoyed that though. I am aware that the consent aspect may have been once again dubious and please do let me know if this kind of thing crosses the line as well. If that's the case, I won't remove these chapters, but I will put apt warning before future chapters so that people who don't want to read that, don't have to. But I'll gauge that from your responses! Next week, we finally dip below the surface of the Black Lake for the Second Task. But what sexy debauchery could be divined from such a harmless and simple sequence, I hear you ask. Well, let's just say that Fleur wears a really tight and skimpy swimsuit and there Is more than just a simple piece of rope tying their loved ones down. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Yet another week and we are moving steadily through this story and moving into the last third of the story. In terms of story, this is the last third. But actually, chapter wise, I'd say were about five eights of the way through. We've got a bit to go. But, I will say, this is where the chapters start to get quite interesting with some particularly funky pairings. Should be a whole lot of fun. But before all that, we have the second task and the Champions are tasked with something naughty beneath the lake. I also want to say that there is another poll, this time asking about your least favourite chapters. It will be the same chapter list as last time and won't include any of the recent chapters. Always love a review, but please enjoy as our Champions get freaky in the Black Lake! Chapter 27: The Second Task Moody was waiting by on the stand, ready to haul a nerve ridden and almost delirious Harry up onto the plinth, Ron following swiftly behind, desperate to get his best friend into his place. Shuffling along, he cradled the gillyweed in one hand, Moody practically hoisting him along the steps and into place next to the other Champions, the young boy's eyes bulging not from fear, but out of lust. As a purveyor of many plentiful natural assets, Fleur had of course decided to use them to her advantage, namely as a distraction. Where Maxine had offered her a slimming one-piece, Fleur instead opted for a tight fitting and frankly ludicrously skimpy bikini, the small swatches of cloth barely enough to occlude her glorious form. If it wasn't for her special enchantment around her panties, her cock would be laying down along her thigh, but thankfully, due to her magical prowess, it appeared as though she lacked a shaft at all. Krum had managed to pull his eyes away, but Cedric lacked the self-restraint much the same as Harry. And the majority of the audience for that matter. "Put that in your mouth," Moody snarled, taking Harry by surprise. The surprise came in the fact that it was Moody that was saying it, as the sentiment had been one he had heard all too often except on far more lewd terms. Taking his advice, Harry ignored Dumbledore's words, his throat fighting him as he swallowed the vile substance, the very air he breathed becoming more like poison as a cannon sounded in the background. Leaning in, his Dark Arts teacher offered one last morsel of advice before flinging him into the water, "We don't know how they will be restrained, but improvise." "Restrained?" Harry choked as he hit the water, his breathe returning to him as the water hit his lungs. Swallowing the water as if he was breathing, he found his chest steadying as he flexed his hands and feet, becoming almost giddy at what was happening to him. Diving down, he saw the other Champions disappearing into the depths, his eyes instantly trailing towards Fleur as Cedric fought the urge and disappeared in the opposite direction. Fleur turned as she swam, Harry swearing he saw her wink before turning back around, her bikini slowly sliding deeper into her perfect arse, her cheeks jiggling as she wiggled her bum, taunting Harry to follow her. The more sensible and logical side of Harry thought he should search elsewhere in the Lake, but he quickly came to the conclusion that he had no idea where to look regardless. So, he may as well follow after the nice view so to speak. Diving down and after her, he followed her through a group of reeds, a small chasm opening up beneath them, in which Fleur swam swiftly downwards and into. Looking closely at the blonde bombshell, Harry quickly realised something that almost made him stop in his tracks. The tight-fitting bikini top that she had worn on the way in was no longer in use to hide and support her gloriously formed breasts and were instead tucked inside the string of her panties, her breasts exposed in their entirety. Turning around, she grinned behind her bubblehead charm as she saw Harry, gently lifting a finger to gesture him to follow closely, her plump and full breasts displayed in front of him for his viewing pleasure, something he took great pleasure in viewing. She ducked into another bunch of reeds at the base of the chasm, Harry following closely behind. As his hand reached out to part the reeds, Fleur swept herself up and out of them, a giggle emanating behind her bubble as her hands landed on Harry's chest, running across his muscles through his top and slowly pushing him back against the rock face, making sure he had ample room to admire her plump and perfectly formed tits. As he collided with the rock, she pushed herself up against him, her rock-hard nipples grinding against his chest as her hands slid lower and lower, hooking themselves inside his shorts and finding his already hard cock, yet another giggle coming to her lips as she lifted her wand. Gently swiping it across her face, she removed the bubblehead charm, knowing that the combination of that and gillyweed wouldn't be as erotic as she was hoping. Leaning forwards, she pressed her lips softly against his, pulling him into a deep and passionate kiss as her hands worked at freeing his cock. Taken instantly aback by what was happening, any thoughts of completing the task were immediately flung from Harry's mind as a fantasy he had been far to often in indulging came swiftly alive, the most gorgeous French dame from Beauxbatons tending to his hardened cock. Sure, he wanted to win the task, but this was a worthy reason to lose it nonetheless. As he started to relish the kiss, Fleur pulled back in desperate need for oxygen. Casting her charm once more, she gave him a sultry smirk before sliding slowly downwards, his cock now hard and free, his shorts bunching around his knees and ready to drift into the lake. Her hand found his cock, instantly stealing his breath away with how soft and silky it felt, even when gliding slowly and clumsily through the water. When submerged, even a simple handjob isn't as simple, but Fleur was desperate to make it work. Rubbing her thumb gently against his tip, she leant forwards and gently kissed his stomach, her trail of soft kisses leading slowly down towards his cock, until finally, she enveloped his tip and fulfilled what Harry had only dreamed about. His cock slipped effortlessly through the bubblehead charm without shattering it, Fleur smiling before eagerly taking it into her mouth, swallowing half his cock in a single easy gulp, her lips wrapping tightly around the thickest part of his shaft, his tip plunging deeper into her throat. Moaning, Harry reclined back, his head resting against the stone as Fleur slipped her lips forwards, her throat starting to spasm and clench as she took more and more of his cock. Unlike her sister, she rarely practiced using such a thick cock, meaning her younger sister's deft ability at deepthroating was not an ability they both shared. But Fleur wasn't one to not try. Fighting the urge to gag, she wrestled the rest of his cock into her mouth, her lips hollowing themselves as they were pressed snugly against the base of his shaft, her hand collecting his balls as his hand rested gently on her head, guiding her along his cock. Fleur couldn't help but note the eagerness of Hogwarts boys to simply act upon their conquests. It was somewhat endearing but gave her the urge to prove that she was conquering and not being conquered. But such things could wait. She had a task to win and she intended to do so by any measures necessary. Plunging her lips up and down his cock, she eagerly suckled on his length, ensuring his shaft was entirely hard, her lips massaging his cock as she worked like a diligent little slut. A part of her wanted to simply savour the rather delightful cock for what it was, but she didn't come to the Tournament to come last place. Her hands left his cock as her lips continued to work back and forth, making sure to pleasure him, but not enough to make him cum. Balancing along that fine line, she had to belittle her cock sucking abilities, her tongue moving more clumsily as she fought every urge to suck cock like she knew how to. Her hand reached for her wand, gently moving it back and forth, conjuring a leather rope that wrapped slowly around the base of his cock. Moving her lips slightly quicker, she made sure that he didn't notice it, the pleasure enveloping any other sensation. She traced the leather rope down and around a jutting rock, making sure it was tightly restrained, before plucking her lips from his cock, giving it one last kiss before disappearing back into the reeds below them, giving him all but a sultry wink. Moving to follow after her as a man would follow a siren to his death, Harry finally noticed, glancing down and groaning at his sheer idiocy. He had grown complacent over the past few months. More often than not when a gorgeous girl approached him, it ended rather pleasurably for both of them. Trying his best to loosen the rope, he found he couldn't, his cock restrained in it's hardness, Harry resorting to what he could only describe as a frankly ludicrous solution. His hand wrapped around his cock, the bizarre webbing imparted by the gillyweed offering up a bizarre sensation, but one he couldn't relish. Jerking his cock swiftly back and forth, he sought nothing but an orgasm, an orgasm that would free him from his restraint and allow him to continue. Whilst he was certain that were he in another more salacious mindset he would undoubtedly find this kinky, the fact that he had only an hour of breath began to worry him drastically, his cock speeding frantically towards his freeing orgasm. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII It pained Fleur to ensnare the young boy like that, but she needed to win the tournament by any means necessary and Harry was already somehow the favourite. Everyone loved and underdog and whilst she was pretty thrilled that he wasn't pathetically endowed, she had other concerns. Perhaps she would make it up to him another time. Swimming through the vines, she followed another crevice before swimming out onto what she assumed was the bottom of the lake. Out in front of her rose what appeared to be a sunken city, spires and shattered temples jutting out of the water with the majestic forms of mermaids and mermen swimming amongst them, spears and tridents in hand, watching as Fleur approached. Floating in the centre of the complex were four figures, ropes tying them in place and keeping them from drifting away. Amongst them, to Fleur's horror, floated Gabrielle, the innocent young girl gently bobbing back and forth. Frantically rushing up to her, Fleur's hands ran long her sister's unconscious cheeks, panicking before she realised that this was a part of the Task. Calming herself, Fleur floated down to the rope, assuming that it was bound around her sister's ankle. However, it slipped up beneath her robes instead, prompting Fleur to slowly lift the garment and silently chuckle at the bitter irony. Having just trapped Harry through identical means, the mermaids taunted her with the same trick, her sister's shaft hardened and wrapped in the thin rope. Drawing her wand, she tried to sever the rope, finding it impossible. Any attempt to untie it was met with similar futility, Fleur being quickly led towards the only solution that would in fact hold any worth. Glancing at the merpeople that seemed intimately fascinated with the French girl's appearance, Fleur smirked to herself before leaning forwards and taking her sister's cock into her mouth, plunging the length deep into her throat and using every trick she had learnt to bring her sister swiftly towards her end, all under the watchful eyes of the lake's inhabitants. Pushing those thoughts from her mind, Fleur wrapped her arms around her sister's waist, pulling her close and grasping her pert little arse cheeks, pawing and pulling at the sensitive flesh. Silence hung in the water as Gabrielle's lips remained tightly closed, Fleur having to trust in her recognition of Gabrielle's sensitive sweet spots to make her cum. Keeping her lips wrapped tightly around the base of her cock, Fleur began to delicately throat her sister's sumptuous length, lavishing it with her tongue and affording her sister a sloppier treatment than she ever would normally. The special circumstances required such a lusty attack on her hardened shaft. Prying Gabrielle's bum apart, Fleur slipped a finger into the young girl's bum, finding it looser and more relaxed, allowing her the ability to sink three fingers inside without even so much as a fight. Plunging her lips up and down her length, Fleur felt pre-cum ooze onto her tongue, making sure to swiftly swallow it and avoid any water drowning her as she fingered Gabrielle's tight and delicious arse. Feeling her own cock harden between her legs, Fleur had to ignore the uncomfortable, squirming pain of her cock being trapped inside such tight confines as the thin swimsuit panties. Pulling her lips back, Fleur let her tongue flick delicately across her tip, curving her tongue around the sensitive rim of the head of Gabrielle's cock, her hand quickly jerking her sister back and forth. Lust didn't command Fleur's mind and simply a desire to free her sister. Despite knowing that it was a foolish decision, comfort prevailed, Fleur hooking her fingers inside her thin panties and peeling them away, groaning audibly against her sister's cock as her own shaft was freed, the cool water rushing across it as her swimsuit panties, and her bra which had been tucked into the underwear, drifted into the lake, the French girl entirely naked as she slid her lips up and down her sister's cock, shooting the young girl a lusty and sultry gaze, hoping that it would make her cum faster despite her apparent unconsciousness. Unlucky for her, Gabrielle was not as sensitive as she might have been, having been recently relieved by a certain unknown mouth whilst she slept, forcing Fleur to take some drastic action. Her hand continued to jerk back and forth, her thumb concentrating on the tip of her cock, hoping that forcing a small orgasm would work just enough to get her sister free. Tiring of the three fingers, Fleur ramped it up, desperate to save her sister from what she presumed to be a life or death situation. Taking advantage of her looseness, Fleur wriggled a fourth finger inside, arching each of them so the were pressed snugly against the girl's prostate, firmly massaging it so as to get Gabrielle to cum. Her cock throbbed and pulsated in Fleur's hand, but not enough to cause her to spurt, prompting and somewhat forcing Fleur to be bolder than she would ever be. Angling her thumb slightly, she managed to slip it inside Gabrielle's arse, an entire fist plunged deep into the young girls spasming and clutching arse, her cock almost on the brink of exploding into the water. Plunging her lips back along Gabrielle's cock, Fleur watched as her sister's face winced slightly, her orgasm on the very edge of bubbling over. However, before Fleur could savour the deliciousness of her sister's cum and drag her back to the surface, saving her and winning the task, something grabbed her leg, wrenching her downwards, forcing her lips and fist away from her sister. Looking around, Fleur saw them to be Grindylows, a furious group lunging at her body, their tentacles writhing across her body as they wrenched her into the depths, the merpeople following quickly after, both to her rescue and to the end of the task for her. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII The ensuing orgasm was not a pleasurable one for Harry. Both due to the fact that it was a massive blow to his pride and the fact that he practically had to force it out in order to resume the task. He took now joy in the clumsy and hurried wank, but as his seed finally spurted into the mired depths of the Lake, he grunted a sigh of relief, stowing his cock away amongst his shorts and swimming after Fleur. With no other way to swim, he decided it was the best decision and was quickly proving wrong, not by the fact that he found the hidden plateau, but in the company, that led him there. Pushing through the reeds, he was met with a fork, a fork down which Fleur chose the right path. Stumped, he floated back and forth for a moment before the solution presented itself in an unlikely way, "Hiya Harry…" "Myrtle?" Harry stammered, as the ghost propped herself up on a rock, draping herself backwards as if to try to be seductive, gently kicking her legs as she put on one of those sultry smiles that she had borrowed of one of her unwitting voyeurists, "What are you doing here?" "I'm here to give you an offer… I'll take you back if you say sorry for using me like a toy and then I'll tell you where that ginger-bitch is and you can say your farewells and be with the person you truly love," Myrtle rambled, twiddling her hair through her finger as her other hand dipped between the folds of her robes, grasping her undoubtedly hard cock and gently stroking herself, "I've got an old friend who wants to say hello again…" "You know the way? Can you tell me before I start drowning?" Harry choked through the water, his voice being distorted, but not unrecognisable. Myrtle however, was having none of it. Slowly, she parted her robes, her ghostly shaft being proudly put on display as she reclined against the rock face, her hand moving lazily across her cock as she smiled salaciously. "Say that I'm the one true girl that you will love forever. And give me a kiss… Down there…" she smirked, gesturing towards her throbbing cock, Harry reminded of the bizarre and sensational pleasure such a shaft could provide, but only before being reminded that he was up against a time limit. Not even bothering to try and debate her, Harry put on a fake smile and looked at her as earnestly as he could muster. "You're the one. Now which way do I go?" Harry asked, Myrtle shaking her head and pointing downwards once more, Harry not even needing to guess what to do. Swimming slowly over to him, he lowered his head and gave the tip of her ghostly shaft a soft kiss, Myrtle instantly thrusting forwards and moaning as she plunged her cock deep into his throat, being able to sneak in a few deep and powerfully pleasurable thrusts before Harry wormed away and stammered angrily, "Which way, Myrtle?" "Oh fine… But you owe me a quickie on the way back to the toilet…" Myrtle huffed, folding her clothes back over her body and guiding Harry down the right path, making sure she gave him a cheeky flash her pert ghostly bum as he swam diligently behind her towards the merpeople's plateau. Even though he was certain he had been following Fleur, she was nowhere in sight, the plateau empty aside from the estranged figures of what Harry only assumed to be merpeople. They watched his approach intently, Harry glancing back with a similar curiosity and hesitance. It was only when he came into view of what he was searching for that he was set into motion. There were four figures floating in the water, all of whom Harry recognised. Cho, Hermione, Fleur's sister and Ginny. With fear in his heart, he lunged forwards, his hands clasping Ginny's cheeks as he tried to rouse her but found himself unable. Completely ignoring Myrtle, Harry tried his best to snap Ginny out of her slumber but found it impossible. Looking down, he saw a rope tying her in place. Sliding down towards the rope, noticed that it slipped up and under her robes. Flicking her robes upwards, he was faced with a sight he had sorely missed. Her thick and throbbing cock was as hard as he remembered, the rope tied tightly around it's base, restraining her. Unlike Fleur, Harry didn't have the good sense to try using his wand, his mind instantly lunging towards the only solution in front of him. Assuming Ginny's life to be in jeopardy, he did what he thought he had to, his lips parting and enveloping the tip of her cock, much to Myrtle's disdain, "Oh, that's how it is! When you need me, you're all over me, but as soon as someone with a heartbeat comes along, all of a sudden you couldn't care less about me!" "Myrtle, I need to save her. So, either help or bugger off," Harry groaned angrily, prying his lips away from Ginny's cock long enough to give Myrtle the ultimatum. Sighing, she turned her head and acted as though she was in a huff, hoping in some deluded way that her hissy-fit would draw Harry's attention. Such wasn't the case as he wrapped his lips tightly around the tip of Ginny's cock, doing what he remembered she enjoyed. Grabbing her arse cheeks to hold her steady, Harry coated her tip with his saliva, moaning as he tasted his girlfriend's salty pre-cum once more, the taste warming him to the core, a strangely perverse comfort. Jerking his hand across her cock, the webbing gave his handjob an incredibly pleasurable sensation, one that Harry would have savoured earlier had his need to orgasm not been so frantic. Slowly, he slid his lips down her cock, moaning every inch of the way, remembering Ginny's fondness for the subtle humming pleasure of a lusty moan rippling through her cock. As Harry slid his lips along her cock, the desperate nature of the situation began to bleed away, replaced with a romantic intimacy that Harry had longed for, for a fair while. Having Ginny's cock back in his mouth was somewhat of a pleasure in and of itself. Taking a slower pace, Harry slid his lips further and further down until the tip of her cock prodded against the back of his throat. Eagerly swallowing, the head of her cock plunged into his throat, the tip delving deeper and deeper into his spasming, clutching and willing throat. Where normally he would have stopped sucking when discomfort plagued him, the lustiness of the situation and the desire to savour every inch drove him to fight through the convulsing nature of his throat. Gagging and spluttering, Harry didn't worry about swallowing the saliva, instead letting it drift away into the water as his throat rejected her thick and luscious cock. Breathing deeply, Harry swallowed, taking every inch of her cock into his throat for the very first time, his mouth wrapped tightly around the base of her shaft, her balls gently smacking his chin as he silently revelled in his own perverse success. Not wanting to sacrifice the newfound depth of his deepthroat ability, Harry dropped one of his hands down to her balls, gently squeezing and massaging them as he slowly slid an inch out of her throat. Quickly plunging his lips back down onto her cock, ensuring to him own quiet delight that his deepthroating wasn't a simple one off. His throat still clutched and spasmed every now and again, causing him to gag, but he quickly shook such involuntary actions and returned to sucking her cock with a deft ability. He quietly hoped that Ginny would come to and bear witness to his abilities, but Harry knew he had to focus on the task at hand. Drawing his lips back along about a third of her cock, he slid his lips back down to her base, wriggling the tip of her cock back into place. It took a little work, but eventually his throat bulged with the thickness that was her immense and glorious shaft. Drifting deep into the moment, Harry didn't care that the other Champions would be joining him quickly in the lusty activity and instead focussed on provided as sensational a blowjob as he could. "Fine, if you are going to be so childish as to not even talk to me, I guess I'll help," Myrtle interjected, Harry rolling his eyes at the frankly delusional young girl as she floated into his vision, taking up a position behind Ginny. Myrtle had undressed herself during that time and unbeknownst to Harry, had spent the past few minutes jerking herself off to the tight of Harry eagerly guzzling Ginny's cock. Whilst a part of her was infuriated at Harry's betrayal, there was something to be said about the spectacle of watching her 'boyfriend' deepthroat a frankly sizable cock, "Sweetie… Spread her cheeks for me?" Sighing into Ginny's cock as the ghost referred to him as 'sweetie', Harry couldn't exactly discount her and ignore her. Wanting to free Ginny of her shackles as soon as possible, Harry snaked both his hands around to her rear entrance and grasped Ginny's plump and perfect bum cheeks, spreading them as wide as he could, affording the ghost easy and ready access to the redhead's tight, constricted arsehole. Leaning forwards, Myrtle gently traced her tongue against the young redhead's bum, deftly letting her tongue dance back and forth across her hole, before gently easing it inside. Ginny was gently rocking back and forth, primarily due to Harry's slow and methodical suckling, but that forced Myrtle's tongue deeper and in some cases, forced her nose into the small of her back. Doing her best, Myrtle quickly replaced her tongue with a finger, easing one of her digits up into Ginny's arse, gently easing it back and forth, her eyes fixed on Harry as he lovingly and lustily dragged his lips back and forth across Ginny's cock, putting more effort into that single blowjob than he had ever put into their relationship. At least, in Myrtle's opinion. Tiring of the unfair treatment Harry was inflicting on her, Myrtle removed her finger, instead opting for a fist. Had she not been a ghost, it would have made more of a discernible difference, however as she slipped her fist deep into Ginny's arse, she ended up not paining her, but forcing the first guttural moan from Ginny's lips, the sound dissipating amongst the water, but making Harry confident he was doing something right. Pulling his lips back until half her cock slipped out from his mouth, he then eased himself back forwards, his throat growing accustomed to the thick intruding length and his gags becoming a distant memory. Plunging his lips easily up and down her cock, Harry ignored Myrtle, who seemed hellbent on inflicting some form of pain on the young ginger girl but was decidedly unable to as she watched the girl softly moan, her mouth protected from water by Dumbledore's powerful charm. Noticing her fist seemed unable to make her even so much as wince, Myrtle opted to try and spank the girl's plump cheeks but found her hand to simple push through her flesh, much to her disappointment. Harry's eyes rolled closed as he savoured and lavished Ginny's cock, much to Myrtle's disappointment, yet again. Groaning at the unfaithful nature of her beloved, Myrtle, swam upwards and rested the tip of her ghostly cock against the rear entrance of Ginny, hoping that if anything, she'd be able to savour the tightness of the young girl and cum herself, even if Harry was being a bit of a dick. In her opinion. Pushing into Ginny, Myrtle moaned loudly, gently fucking the girl's arse as Harry plunged his lips up and down her cock, eagerly and easily swallowing her delicious length, relishing the sensation that he hadn't been able to feel for such a long time. His own cock was starting to harden in his shorts, despite his previous orgasm. Moaning loudly and exaggeratedly, Myrtle tried to catch his attention, the ghostly girl flinging her hair back over her shoulder and running her hands along her breasts, doing her best to woo him, even though he wasn't having any of it. Huffing, she spied something in the distance, a smile coming to her lips as she pushed through Ginny and Harry, finally attracting Harry's attention as she swam towards and approaching figure, the look on the approaching boy's face being nothing short of repulsed, "Fine! If you're going to cheat on me, I'll just cheat on you!" It was Cedric. Swimming swiftly through the waters, he was taken aback on two fronts. Seeing Harry taking frankly inopportune time to give his girlfriend a blowjob and the screeching naked ghost speeding her way straight towards him. It was only when he came face to face with his girlfriend that he noticed Harry's deepthroating was hardly a leisurely choice for him and instead a frantic race. Trying his best to ignore Myrtle, Cedric slid down to Cho's waist, lifting her robes and revealing her thick and throbbing cock. Taking the opportunity, Harry glanced over at his crushes cock, feeling his own shaft twitch at the sight before seeing her Asian cock enveloped with a deft ability by Cedric's eager throat. Putting Harry to shame, he swallowed her entire length with relative ease, his lips pressed snugly against her shaven crotch, his throat tightening and clenching of its own volition to apply sumptuous pleasure to her shaft, his hands sliding around to her arse and slipping a finger into her tight, clutching bum hole. Myrtle was furious. Both the boys doing their best to ignore her much to her anger. Their lips were guiding themselves up and down their significant other's cock, all the while doing their best to ignore Myrtle's cold and frigid caressing of their bodies. Shrieking loudly, she turned and disappeared into the Lake, finally giving Harry and Cedric the bizarre privacy to get their girlfriends off. Cedric was met with the same problem as Fleur, as his partner had also recently been relieved by a mysteriously skilled throat. Fortunately for Harry, Ginny was almost about to cum, her cock twitching and spasming deep within his throat as he put more frantic effort into his blowjob, plunging her shaft deeper and deeper with each eager slurp, doing his best to swallow every morsel of pre-cum she could offer before she would finally unleash her delicious load. However, Cedric wasn't simply of the mindset of playing catch up and just as Harry had used his knowledge of Ginny's likes when it came to a blowjob, Cedric used his knowledge of Cho's like when it came to sex. Pulling away from Cho's cock, Cedric grabbed her by her shoulders and pulled her deeper into the Lake until she was laid flat against the bottom of the Plateau, pinned in place by Cedric who sat astride her. Watching curiously, Harry saw Cedric, without a sliver of nervous nature, tug his shorts down, kicking them of his feet and letting them float in the water. Watching intently, slowing his blowjob out of sheer perverse curiosity, Harry saw Cedric grasp Cho's thick and throbbing cock and nestle it between his pert ass cheeks. Whilst Harry would never consider himself gay and watching another guy get fucked was hardly at the top of his bucket list, he couldn't tear his eyes away as Cedric sank himself slowly downwards, impaling his arse on Cho's cock and submerging her entire length inside him in one swift and deep pleasurable thrust, Cedric's hearty groan echoing through the deep. There was something perversely interesting about watching another man fuck someone. It wasn't a lust to fuck the man himself, but simply watching. It was like Harry was watching himself fuck another woman in a perverse and strangely bizarre way. Still, Harry was swift to resume his steady blowjob, borrowing Cedric's trick of slipping a finger into Ginny's arse. Even whilst sucking on his own girlfriend's cock, Harry kept an eye out to one side, watching Cedric as he began to bounce up and down eagerly on Cho's cock, massaging her breasts whilst he did so. Cedric groaned audibly as the tip of Cho's cock slipped inside him, the feeling of his hole stretching being one he hadn't felt for a long time and one he was quietly relishing. He hadn't been fucked by Cho since before the Yule Ball and he was quite glad for the sudden break Cho gave him. Being constantly bent over and rutted against took its toll and he was relieved when Cho started to let him go on top. That wasn't to say he wanted to give up being fucked entirely, but Cho seemed hellbent on being fucked ever since the Yule Ball, confusing Cedric immensely. And he wasn't one to question such a gorgeous girl in the way she wanted to be fucked and he readily complied. But he was happy that even in this estranged and frankly ludicrous scenario he was able to relive and urge within him that had been building for some time. Even if relief wasn't the biggest priority. At least not in terms of his cock. The water made it difficult to build up as swift a rhythm as he would have liked, but Cedric made do, using a nearby crumbled wall to lift himself up and down, making sure that her cock never slipped out of his tight and eager bum. Squeezing his cheeks, he did his best to tighten his arse, his focus on making her cum rather than his own orgasm. One of his hands dropped down to her balls, squeezing and playing with them, knowing the exact weak spots that would cause her to cum the quickest. The slapping sounds of a good fuck were lost in the water, but Cedric still kept going, his moans echoing around the bubblehead charm as he felt Cho's pre-cum lube his arse more and more, the slick substance leaking into his behind steadily, ensuring that he was doing something right. It was a surprisingly sensual and almost weightless environment to have a shag in. Everything was purposeful and required a little more effort making even the slightest movement sensational. That and the water depth made them all a little more sensitive, something that made Cedric's prostate sing with pleasure. Finally, Harry's efforts bore fruit. Plunging his lips one last time along her cock, Harry felt her shaft begin to twitch and spasm. His hands found her balls, massaging them and coaxing out her sumptuous orgasm, her cum spurting deep into his throat and finally making him cough and spluttering. Whilst his ability to deepthroat had improved, his ability to swallow still needed work. Especially when the shaft was lodged all the way inside his throat. Milking out every drop of her cum, Harry jerked her steadily off, cum bursting out into the water as he plucked his lips from her shaft. She didn't soften at first, giving Harry a ready heart attack, but eventually, to his silent glee, her shaft began to deflate, the rope loosening until it finally slipped away from her, Ginny's body slowly beginning to sink downwards as Harry pulled her down, his arm wrapped around hers. Cedric gave him a look as to say 'Go!' but Harry didn't. The lingering fear that Krum and Fleur wouldn't arrive in time to save their significant others, one of which was his best friend, was still clouding Harry's judgement and as the time ticked by, the need to play the hero called once more and drew his wand, using a spell to tie Ginny's leg to a rock so as to stop her drifting away. Baffled by what Harry was doing, Cedric ignored him, focussing on his own target and slamming his arse down on Cho's cock as hard and fast as he could, feeling every ridged vein of her cock twitching and thrumming, her shaft pulsating inside his arse ready to release. Grunting to himself, he sped up, pounding himself downwards harder than he ever would, his ass starting to hurt. Powering through the pain, he finally hit that sweet spot in the girl, her cock erupting like a cannon inside him, spurting strand after strand of cum deep into his arse, filling him to the brim. Continuing to slide up and down, he milked her dry, knowing that every dribble of cum had to extracted for her to soften. It took a while, but finally he felt her slip out of him, her cock softly deflating and the rope loosening around her base. Freeing her, Cedric grabbed his shorts and pulled them on, hooking his arm around Cho's and abandoning Harry to his bizarre crusade. Swimming over to Hermione, Harry was instantly accosted by a Mermaid, the creature snarling at him for a moment, a trident being flung up against his neck. However, before she could snarl anything else, she turned and fled, the creature screeching in terror. Turning around, Harry was met with the vicious maw of a shark, the creature lunging past him and trying to tear it's way through the rope that restrained Hermione. Instinctively terrified, Harry quickly realised that it was in fact Krum, his face transfigured into the beastly sea creature. However, even a shark's jaws couldn't tear through the magically enchanted rope, rendering Krum confused and baffled. Harry had to admit, it was a rather strange sight, watching a shark-headed Krum come to the realisation that he couldn't just bite through his problems. A part of Harry worried that he would try and orally relieve Hermione with his fearsome maw, but Harry was quickly relieved as Krum swam around to Hermione's back and roughly ripped her robes to reveal her plump arse cheeks (the perverse thought of simply lifting her robes up being beyond the headstrong Bulgarian.) Wondering exactly what Krum intended, Harry watched a rather bizarre scene play out before him. Dropping his shorts down to his waist, Krum revealed his rather hard and sizable cock, only to drop down to Hermione's waist, grabbing her hips and pulling her backwards. Peeling her cheeks apart, Krum slapped his cock in between the plump and delicious arse cheeks before slipping his tip down towards her arsehole. Pressing forwards, Krum pushed down into Hermione's bum, slamming his entire cock inside Hermione's ass, his balls slapping against her rear end. It was an entirely bizarre thing to bear witness to in Harry's mind. Watching a half human, half shark rut against his best friend was certainly a spectacle that he hadn't thought he would bear witness to and definitely one that made him bow his head, blocking out Krum's head from the sight and simply watching Hermione's cock twitch and spasming in response, her breasts slowly floating free as the tattered shreds of her robes dissipated into the water. Knowing that he needed to help, Harry lunged forwards and wrapped his hand around the base of Hermione's cock, forcibly jerking her off, the gentle and calmer demeanour fading from him as he sought to make her cum quickly. The timer was running out and Fleur was still nowhere to be seen, her sister floating helplessly. Parting his lips, he wrapped his mouth around Hermione's cock and gently began to bob his head up and down, Krum's rough and powerful thrusts into her arse forcing her cock deeper into Harry's more adept throat. The speed at which Krum was fucking Hermione's bum was born out of the pressure of the task's time limit and a strange catharsis for the treatment she gave him on the night of the Yule Ball. Despite being wholly in love with the girl, he couldn't quite forgive the way she pounded him into the dirt, lusting after nothing but her own sumptuously satisfying release. Working in tandem, the two of them built up a rhythm; a rather clumsy one at that. The position they were in was hardly conducive to swift and slick movement, both of them instead moving themselves at their own pace and hoping that they other's efforts didn't get in the way. Every now and again one of Krum's thrusts would sink the entire length of Hermione's cock deep into his throat without any warning. Other times, Harry's forcefully pleasurable blowjob would push Hermione back, Krum's cock slipping out of her rear end, forcing him to readjust. Slamming back and forth, Krum groaned, his voice distorted by the enchantment. Reaching around, he grabbed Hermione's breasts, wrapping his arms around her and moving only his hips, allowing him to speed up his thrusts, pounding back and forth into her tight, unconscious arse. It wasn't as loose as Krum remembered, but it had been a while since he had savoured her rear end and he couldn't care less, his hands groping and pulling at her breast, squeezing and pawing at the soft flesh, moaning to himself as her arse began to spasm. The dual pleasures of Krum's fucking and Harry's blowjob brought Hermione quickly to her end, her cock twitching inside Harry's throat and unloading her cum deep into his mouth, Harry doing his best to swallow as much as he could, whilst some dribbles floated into the depths of the Black Lake. Pulling his lips away, her cock began to deflate, the rope peeling away and freeing the young girl. Swimming backwards, Harry expected Krum to turn and swim away, yet in his sex addled mind, he continued to fuck Hermione, the pair sinking slowly down to the ground, Krum pinning her against the stone plateau, his cock slamming back and forth, his balls gently slapping her plump and delicious bum as he sought his own orgasm, not caring about the task and simply seeking his own relief, moaning as Harry watched him fuck her rather nervously, her cock starting to harden once more. Pushing those thoughts to one side, Harry turned to Gabrielle and swiftly swam over to her. Glancing around for Fleur, Harry checked his watch, panicking as he realised Fleur wasn't coming. Lifting the young girl's robes up above her waist, Harry felt weird doing it with such a young girl. Her cock was rigid and not to big, but Harry's jaw was aching from the two rather intense blowjobs he had just provided. Floating around behind her, he peeled her pert and tiny arse cheeks apart, leaning forwards and darting his tongue back and forth across her rear entrance. Lucky for Harry, he lucked out and Gabrielle's arse was an incredible facet of pleasure, in some cases even more so than her cock. Combine that with Fleur's previous, but brief endeavour and she was close to cumming. Closer than Harry imagined. One hand found her cock and jerked of whilst the other wrapped around her waist and held her place, his tongue dancing erratically across her arsehole, tracing every petite wrinkle that he could before plunging deep inside. Krum was nearly there, his cock tingling as Hermione's arse continued to spasm around his shaft, growing tighter by the moment. Slamming back and forth, he finally came, unloading his cum deep into her arse, pumping her full of his seed and groaning loudly, the rather dim-witted Bulgarian retaking his dominance after being humiliated in the forest by the young girl. Milking every last drop from his cock, he continued to fuck her arse until his cock wouldn't have it, his length softening and slipping out of her arse. Spanking her bum, he finally conceded, grabbing her arm and turning towards the surface, leaving Harry to his hero's complex and his fruitless endeavour of saving everyone. Left on his own, Harry focussed on the young girl's rear end. Pushing his tongue as deep as he could inside Gabrielle's surprisingly loose arse, Harry wriggled it back and forth, searching for that sweet spot. He could feel her throbbing in his hand and he knew that if he could even graze against her prostate, she would cum and cum hard. And that was what he needed. With very little time, he stretched his tongue, flailing it around as best her could, his nose being buried in her flesh whilst her small butt cheeks smothered his face. Jerking her faster and faster, he could feel her ready to blow, but a simple handjob was going to do. Pulling his tongue back, he took a breath, before pushing his tongue back inside feeling his tip run against the sensitive spot that was her prostate, her cock exploding at the simple touch and unloading a small load into the lake, her cock softening instantly. With no time to celebrate, he grabbed her by the arm and grabbed Ginny, pushing up towards the surface, kicking and straining as he felt the Gillyweed began to wear off. Grindylows came swarming out, Harry pushing Gabrielle and Ginny up to the surface as he fought the sea demons of, the Gillyweed finally wearing of and his breath growing thinner and thinner. Drawing his wand, he murmured a spell, his body lunging out of the water and crashing down onto the wooden surface, breathless and freezing, the crowds cheering as Harry rolled back and forth and caught his bearings. Before he could, someone grasped his face, turning him towards him. Lunging forwards, they kissed him, the familiar feeling of his girlfriend's tongue and lips coursing through his body as she pinned him to the ground, holding him and pulling him close. Returning the kiss, the pair remained interlocked for a minute or two, passion claiming them both as the pulled apart and smiled. Ron rounded the corner and saw it all, his eyes widening as he moved to lunge forwards, instinctively looking to protect his sister. Before he could, Hermione unhooked herself from Krum's arm, keeping the towels wrapped around her naked form as she pulled Ron close and did the same, kissing him deeply as Krum looked borderline offended. Stumbling away, he was furious, Hermione and Ron pulling apart giggling, Hermione smiling, "We don't choose who we love…" Pushing through the crowds, Fleur flung herself at Ginny and Harry's feet, pulling Harry in for a deep and passionate kiss, Gabrielle at her side. Pulling away, she did the same to Ginny, the crowd becoming more keenly interested as they kissed with surprising intensity, Ginny chasing Fleur's lips as they parted, smiling as Fleur looked flustered at the two of them, "Merci! Merci! Vous êtes des héros!" Harry couldn't say a single word as he lay there staggered by what had just happened. He had been kissed by the girl he loved, their relationship reigniting and then got kissed by the most gorgeous French girl he had ever seen. He might have lost the task, but he had won something. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed this chapter! I'll be honest, it's not my favourite. I don't know, I'm not to sure about how it turned out. I think I could have done a bit better, it's a bit messy for my tastes, but I'm not sure. Let me know what you thought, and I'll judge from that! Remember the Poll about your least favourite chapters. Just want to gauge what people are reading this story for and what they enjoy and dislike. Seeing as there are so many chapters, it can be difficult to figure out. I was quite surprised by people's favourite chapters from the other poll, so this one will be very interesting. And I promise this will be the last Poll… For now… As I said, we are getting towards a really interesting part of the story and in a couple chapters we get some payback. But the next two chapters are all about make-up sex, with our two main couples settling their differences and actually working out their relationships! Not sure which pairing will be first, so I will keep you in suspense!
Author's Note: Hey guys, hope everyone is well. I'm really excited to write this chapter as it's a return to a simplistic chapter. The past few chapters have been a bit… eccentric… and this one's a bit more normal. In saying that, it's as normal as a story like this gets! Still plenty of sexy times! A reminder that the poll for your least favourite chapter is still up and please do vote in that if you care about the story, because it'll help me gauge audience reaction and is genuinely quite interesting to see. With that said, I won't hold you guys back any longer and I'll let you enjoy Ginny and Harry's reunion and subsequent night of bliss. Should be fun! Let me know what you think! Chapter 28: My Hero Breathing a deep sigh of relief, Harry felt the rushing tempest of water pour across his body, the field of goosebumps that littered his skin since he stepped out of the Lake finally disappearing. The shower was near orgasmic as every single bone in his body ached from the frantic swimming and clumsy positions he had to hold himself in the water. Being unable to lean against something when suckling on a cock was surprisingly difficult and applied a ludicrous amount of strain to his back, strain that was finally mitigating itself. He had retreated into the showers by the Quidditch Pitch, the other Champions going elsewhere to watch. Krum and Fleur back to their respective accommodation and Cedric, arm in arm with Cho, going to the Prefects Bathroom. And finally, Harry had a moment of respite from a frankly exhausting day. Although, he wasn't nearly as alone as he might have presumed. Suddenly a pair of arms wrapped themselves around Harry's waist, pulling him close as a thick and hardened cock pressed itself up against his back. Glancing backwards, he saw a nest of red hair, a smile returning to his lips as, her hands slid lower, finding his cock and gently wrapping her hand around it, gently jerking him off after missing him for so very long. Moaning as he hardened, he savoured her silky and skilled hand running along his shaft, as she trailed kisses across his shoulders, the very touch of her soft lips making his sore muscles relax, "Did you think I was just going to let you shower alone?" "You were never one to pass up an opportunity," Harry smirked, as her hands left his cock, hard and rigid, ready for use. Turning him slowly around, Ginny at him, her hands draping around his neck, the pair gently easing back and forth as their hard and throbbing cock ground up against each other, both of them holing back long anticipated moans, Harry's hands riding back up to her hips, gently exploring her body once more. He didn't have much time back down in the Lake to truly admire her, but she was as gorgeous as he remembered, her plump breasts being a deliciously formed on her body and her arse being sumptuous and sensational. Her cock he had already become intimately acquainted with, but it was a welcome sight nonetheless. But not as much as her smiling freckled, face streaked with the warm water of the shower, her pale body glistening. "Well, I could hardly let you go un-thanked for your daring heroics, saving me, your damsel in distress. Thank you," she smiled, leaning up and capturing a kiss from him, moaning as their tongues battled one another, each one of them chasing the other's lips, desperate to draw the kiss deeper and deeper, passion flaring itself between the two as their bodies ground erotically together. "So, when is this 'thank-you' coming?" Harry smirked, Ginny giggling at his incredibly suggestive proposition and taking a step back. That had fully been her intention when she walked in her, but she was hardly expecting Harry to be so promiscuous. He wasn't afraid of being open sexually before, but he definitely wasn't as coy and playful. And Ginny loved it. "Oh, my… Forwards much? Well, I suppose I do have to return the favour after your diligent treatment In the Lake. I only wish I could have properly experienced it," Ginny smirked, her hand running back down to Harry's cock and gently starting to pump it, pre-cum slowly leaking into her palm as she leant forwards and kissed his chest, her tongue darting towards his nipple and bringing it to a stiff, erect peak, Harry biting his lip as he stifled a chuckle. Slowly, but surely, she planted kisses, all the way down to Harry's shaven crotch -a habit that he had kept from Katie's suggestions- until she came face to face with Harry's thick and throbbing cock, "Maybe later?" "Now who's being forwards," Harry chuckled, Ginny smiling as Harry's cock pulsated in her hand, pre-cum dribbling down from his thick and bulbous head, coating her hand before being washed away by the shower. She felt her own cock twitch at the sensation, wanting to drop her hands to her own cock, but knowing that she needed to show her appreciation to Harry and that she'd need both her hands to truly wrestle with Harry's cock. "I think we can both agree that being forwards has always suited us well," Ginny smirked, remembering just how forwards they had been at the start of the year, jerking and sucking each other off like it was no big deal. But before Harry could murmur a word in response, she pressed her soft, plump lips against Harry's cock, both of them silencing themselves apart from a shared deep and lustful moan. Leaning against the wall of the shower, Harry let the water flood over his head as his cock head tingled with pleasure. Ginny savoured the coating of pre-cum that glossed over her lips, her tongue quickly collecting it and relishing the familiar and salty taste of Harry's cock. Parting her lips, she swallowed his tip, moaning around his shaft and sending delicious vibrations along his cock and prompting more and more pre-cum to flood out onto her tongue, the young redhead eagerly swallowing the substance and jerking his cock faster and faster, desperately wanting to taste his load after being deprived of it for so very long. Her hands stroked along his cock, one of them slipping down to his balls and gently massaging them, bringing more moans to Harry's lips as his hands flexed, instinctively moving towards her head, only to stop themselves, worried that it might be wholly inappropriate to do such a thing so short into their relationship's revival. Any hesitance was quickly destroyed as Ginny reached up with her hands and grabbed Harry's wrists. Guiding his hands down to her head, she looked up at him and winked before sinking her lips slowly down his length. Plunging his cock into her mouth, she quickly felt his tip prod the back of her throat, begging deeper access. Swallowing readily, she let his cock slide deeper into her throat, her ability to deepthroat having been steadily improving with Luna and Hermione. She wasn't perfect at it, her gullet still fighting back and spasming occasionally, but she slowly eased more and more inside saliva dribbling down onto her hand and being used to jerk his cock and massage his balls, the water quickly washing away any slickness her mouth imparted on his cock. His hands gently coaxed her along, but weren't as forceful as Ginny had expected, something she was quietly happy about. She wasn't particularly in to having her throat fucked, but she was doing her best to make amends with Harry, something she was explicitly dodging by suckling on his cock. Whilst she was horny and eagerly guzzling his cock, Ginny couldn't help but shake the fact that they were definitely going to have to talk about their relationship at some point and she was decidedly terrified of what may ensue. Pushing that to one side, she focussed on the cock in front of her, her lips a couple inches away from pressing against the base of his cock. It was at this point she became convinced that Harry had grown a couple inches and she wasn't wrong. Puberty still favoured the young boy and his cock had been steadily and almost unnoticeably been growing throughout the year. Much to Ginny's initial annoyance, considering that she would have been able to throat and swallow his entire cock had that extra length not been there. But she was quickly reassured with the fact that it would be all the more pleasurable when lodged deep in her arse, a sensation she was going to savour all night long if she could. Gagging and spluttering around his cock, Ginny coughed a guttural cough, her lips straining as she tried in vain to latch her lips around the last few inches, the deepthroat becoming a point of pride. Harry barely notice her struggle at first, his mind enveloped by the sumptuous pleasure of her tight, spasming throat, her mouth and lips massaging and pleasing his cock in delectable ways. It was only when he glanced down and noticed her bright red face and saliva slick chin that he pulled himself backwards, the young girl spluttering as her hand continued to jerk him dutifully, her movements slickened by her spittle. "I swear that's a couple inches longer," she spluttered, Harry stroking a hair out of her eye before watching her lunge back forwards, enveloping his tip once again and hungrily swallowing his cock. An almost animalistic flare in her eye, Ginny quickly plunged his cock deep inside her throat, managing to slip one of the two illusive inches into her mouth, her lips straining to envelop the last one. A part of Harry wanted to stop her from going over board, but the sumptuous sensation of having almost his entire cock inside someone's throat was too alluring to ignore, even if done in such an inelegant way. Gagging and spluttering, she spewed saliva down across that last inch, her hand collecting it and massaging it into his balls, his heavy sack convulsing in her palm as he was pushed towards a more satisfying orgasm than his last one, his cock twitching at the prospect of such a relieving blowjob from such a beautiful girl. Pulling her lips back along, she started to bob her head back and forth, wet slurping and gagging sounds filling the room as she throat-fucked herself, Harry's hands simply resting on her head as she eagerly and rather sluttily impaled her throat on his cock, each deep and lustful plunge almost managing to inch that last inch into her mouth, her mind focussed on securing his entire length. Her other hand wrapped around behind Harry and grasped firmly onto his pert bum cheek, pulling his hips forwards to get a better angle, one of her fingers slowly finding Harry's rear entrance and gently rubbing itself back and forth. Whilst Ginny was certain that Harry would be entirely open to a sneaky finger, she didn't want to presume that he would be loose enough to take it as easily and as readily as she would do such a sultry and promiscuous haze. That wasn't to say there wouldn't be time later for such indulges. Sliding her lips back until they were only wrapped around his tip, Ginny calmed herself slightly, breathing in through her nose before gently and calmly sliding forwards, using sheer force of will to remove her body's temptation to gag and splutter and choke. Not that her body listened entirely. Reaching that last inch, she continuously swallowed, the final inch slipping inside her mouth and her lips being pressed snugly against the base of his cock, her nose pushing against is shaven crotch as her throat spasmed and convulsed around his cock. Harry was in heaven. He was quietly certain that there was no greater pleasure that someone deepthroating his cock. At least that was a treat that Harry readily lavished. Holding her head in place a little stronger, Harry felt his cock on the verge of cumming. It was Ginny's eager hand that gently tickled his balls which set it off, the building orgasm within his cock being unleashed and spurting down her throat. Several long, thick and sticky strands painted the back of her throat, the girl coughing immensely and gagging wildly, losing any composure that she had previously built for herself and forcing herself to swallow his load, the pleasure of tasting his cum being lost as it was deposited so deeply inside her. Finally, Harry lessened his grip as she pulled her mouth away, the last strand of cum dribbling down her lip and chin as she regained her composure, smiling promiscuously up at Harry. "I've been needing that… Shall we get dried up and continue? Or do prefer us all slick and slippery," Ginny smiled, bouncing up onto her feet and striding towards the door, flaunting her glossy and frankly astounding body. She had definitely… matured in the couple months, but in tiny ways. Her tits weren't bigger but hung better on her body and her hips had a slightly more delicious curve. Or maybe Harry was just enamoured by being able to ogle and admire her body yet again, his eyes relishing even the slightest possible change. "Ginny…" Harry breathed, not quite able to believe that he was thinking what he was think. Despite the sensational and orgasmic blowjob, she had just given him, Harry still felt a little off. They were just jumping right back into things as if they had never been apart and it was decidedly jarring. He didn't really know where he stood. It was like hitting a big reset button, but not knowing exactly what the word 'reset' meant in their case. "You could have me up against a wall, in your arms? Or maybe classic doggy? Me on top?" Ginny suggested, instantly knowing exactly what Harry meant by that exasperated tone. She thought that maybe she could dance around it, entice Harry's cock back into life and plunge it inside her again, just so they didn't have to be frank with each other. It wasn't that she didn't want to set things right, she was just worried that when the adrenaline dissipated, Harry would decide against getting back with her. She was worried 'the talk' would end drastically. "Ginny, slow do…" Harry began once more getting interjected as Ginny grabbed a towel and slowly and sexily started to dry herself off, making careful attempts to bend over and flaunt what she could, desperate to not sit down and actually talk. Before she could start another spout of words in attempt to distract him, Harry stepped out the shower, the water turning off as he said with false confidence, "Ginny, we should talk, don't you think?" "Oh… yeah, yeah, we should… Sorry, I just… got carried away," she sighed, dropping the act and wrapping the towel around herself, letting her body drip dry as Harry, grabbed a towel and did the same, both of them sliding down onto one of the benches, neither of them certain as to what to say, but both of them knowing with all certainty that they needed to talk things out, "I'm sorry. I overreacted. I know that things were stressful, and I shouldn't have acted like I was entitled to that. I realise things were complicated and I definitely shouldn't have just stormed off." "I shouldn't have been so unbelievably petty. I mean, how stupid do I have to be to be worried about how Ron would have reacted. I loved you and I just… I just… I didn't want things to change. They were perfect. As perfect as things had been for a fair while. I just wanted to savour that," Harry opened up, finally reflecting on a rather stupid decision of his, although Ginny was hardly above fault herself. A serious lack of actually talking about their problems plagued them both. "Loved?" Ginny said meekly, hoping that the sentiment wasn't true and was simply a flight of fancy. Had she been of a little more critical a mind, she wouldn't have even brought it up, but emotions ran high in her and she feared that Harry had let the truth in his heart slip. "No. Love. I do love you Ginny and I just want to be with you. Regardless of who knows, not that we have much of a choice now considering you snogged me in front of the entire school…" Harry chuckled, Ginny wiping a soft tear from her eye before resting her head on his shoulder, his hand snaking around behind her and pulling her close, her towel falling away as she simply savoured the moment. "I want nothing more than to just be with you. I never wanted anything more," she smiled, laughing at the fact she had basically stabbed Harry in the back by kissing him in front of Ron, the one thing he didn't want. Luckily, his opinion on Ron knowing had changed and Hermione quickly leapt in to make sure things didn't go cataclysmic. Adjusting her position on her shoulder, her head graze a sensitive spot, his muscles aching in particular there. Wincing and retracting, Harry grunted, Ginny apologising profusely, "Oh sorry. Are you alright?" "Yeah… swimming underwater for an hour takes it of you. My back is killing me," Harry groaned, moving his shoulder back and forth as Ginny glanced as his back, finding it incredibly stiff. Leaping to her feet, she let the towel fly across the room, her cock hard and bouncing free, having been quickly replenished since Harry's underwater treatment. Gently tapping the bench, she smiled at him. "Lay down. I'll give you a massage. One last way for me to say sorry for being a massive diva," Ginny smiled, watching as Harry flipped onto his stomach, his slowly hardening cock managing to fit through the wide wooden strips that made up the bench. "You don't need to keep apologising," Harry said, hoping that now that they had apologised and addressed their issues, they didn't need to keep lamenting them. Whilst it was hardly the most detailed and intimate of conversations, for a bunch of teenagers in youthful relationships, it was the most important love related conversation they could ever conceivably have. "Well, I want to," Ginny said as Harry rolled onto his belly, the towel he had wrapped around his waist bunching around his ass and hiding away the pert and toned bum cheeks she so readily loved. Peeling away the towel, she was left with his naked body, slightly slick from the shower, but all at her mercy. Straddling his lower back, she sat down on his bum, slightly hovering as she knew his body was a little tense. Her cock flopped against the small of Harry's back as she leaned over him. The simple touch of having her cock pressed against his body was enough to make her stifle a moan, yet as she leaned over him to gently start massaging his shoulders, she found her cock strangely grinding against his lower back, a bead of pre-cum forming on her eager and sensitive tip. Harry groaned as she started to apply pressure to his shoulders, the relieving sensation of having all the kinks worked out of his back making his cock twitch back into life, hardening rapidly and begging for more attention. Starting to slowly massage Harry, Ginny couldn't ignore the throbbing hard shaft right between her legs. Everytime she moved back and forth, her cock was rubbed up against his skin, her foreskin peeling back and giving her a soft glimmer of pleasure. Sure, she knew that she would hardly go unpleasured later on, but a greedy part of her wanted to slip a little lower and start to simply fuck Harry. Biting her lip, she dutifully ran her hands up and down his back, working out the stiff and tense parts as Harry groaned pleasurably, being enveloped by her silky, yet firm hands, his cock beginning to leak a few dribbles of pre-cum onto the floor. Finally, relaxing, Harry let his eyes roll closed as he simply let Ginny work, the young girl moving her bum back and forwards, using Harry's back to gently jerk herself off. Slow and albeit hardly as pleasurable as a proper hand, considering the current position, it was the best she had. Sliding lower, Ginny started to work her lower back, straddling Harry's legs, with her cock sandwiched perfectly between his cheeks. She moaned a silent moan as she gently slapped her cock in between his cheeks, the soft pillow forcing a bead of pre-cum down onto his bum; small enough for Harry not to notice, but pleasurable enough for Ginny to breathe happily. Massaging his lower back, she instinctively started to shift herself back and forwards, at first simply using the grip of his arse cheeks as a makeshift hand to jerk her cock back and forth, but as her lust and desire for release continued, she started to gently thrust her hips back and forth, taking a small thrust every now and again and groaning quietly to herself, her hands slowly loosing their will to massage Harry and sliding down to his hips. They continued to move back and forth, but took a grip on his waist, lust finally overcoming the young girl. Drawing her hips back, she slowly began to thrust back and forth, moaning to herself as she used Harry's arse cheeks as a rutting post, her balls gently slapping his bum cheeks. Pre-cum leaked down into his crack, lubricating her thrusting slightly as she picked up speed. At first, Harry didn't even notice, presuming that she had moved down to massaging his bum. His relaxation clouded mind had quickly clouded those sorts of things, but as Ginny's thrusting became more and more regular, with more and more force behind each of the thrusts, Harry opened his eyes, a salacious smirk etching itself on his lips as he glanced behind himself as saw Ginny's pleasure ridden face again. Hey eyes had rolled closed and her lips hung lustfully apart, soft moans occasionally dribbling from her mouth and the occasional sultry lip bite as she gently fucked his cheeks. Harry didn't particularly mind, quite enjoying the pleasure of having his asshole ground against, the soft fucking gently teasing his sensitive hole. It wasn't much, but it was enough to make him push backwards onto her thrusts slightly, allowing Ginny a deeper angle, his cheeks curving around her cock a little more and amplifying the pleasure slightly. Of course, both of them silently hoped that the other would just start fucking them. With every thrust, Harry hoped the angle would change and that she would slip deep inside him, the pair finally getting a decent fuck together. And Ginny hoped that Harry would clue in, reach behind him, grab her cock and impale himself on it. Of course, in the new kindling of their relationship, neither one wanted to leap to those lengths immediately and Ginny kept to her soft fucking, oblivious to both Harry's noticing and his approval. In a pleasurable haze, she was confident her lazy fucking still came of as the soft massage and that Harry was none the wiser. Leaning forwards, Ginny placed her hands back on his shoulders, gently rubbing them for a moment as if to massage him before simply supporting herself, in her thrusting, her balls growing louder and louder as her movements became slicker, quickened by the copious amounts of pre-cum leaking from her cock and making Harry's arse glossy and sumptuous. Groaning in Harry's ear, Ginny felt her orgasm nearing, but didn't want to blow her load doing such a menial and mediocre sex act. Luckily for her, Harry broke the silence, a massive smirk on his face, "I think you're enjoying this massage more than me?" "Sorry… Were you hoping for your happy ending, Mr Potter?" Ginny smirked, breaking out of her haze and leaning forwards, pressing her soft plump breasts against his back as she purred in his ear, her cock angling itself so that it was pressing against his hole, tempting him with the sumptuous suggestion of a deep, hard fuck, something they both craved, but Ginny wasn't ready to provide. "Depends. Do I have to pay extra?" Harry retorted, much to Ginny's amusement as she peeled her body away from him. Moving to turn around to face her, Harry found her hands on his shoulders, keeping him in place as she pulled her cock away from his bum, his asshole gleaming with her own pre-cum. Normally, that would turn her away, but Ginny was deep into the moment now and couldn't care less. "With nothing you haven't given me already…" she smiled, Harry expecting to be impaled on her long shaft, but was instead robbed of such deep and pounding pleasure, only to be offered a far more sultry and intimate pleasure. Leaning down, Ginny spread Harry cheeks and pressed her tongue against his constricted hole, moaning to herself as she tasted her own pre-cum on his hole, her tongue lapping eagerly at the salty lubrication and subsequently causing Harry to moan loudly and let a grin stretch across his face as he slid back into that state of veritable relaxation, his bum tightening as pleasure darted through his body. Tracing her tongue across Harry's arse, she collected the slick pre-cum that she had spread with her soft fucking, replacing it with her saliva before attacking his hole, letting his cheeks bounce back and smother her face. One hand lunged beneath the bench and wrapped around his cock, clumsily, but pleasurably jerking him off through the bench, the pleasure amplified by his recent orgasm, his cock tingling with delightfully delicious sensations just as her tongue got to work. Tracing his hole with her tongue, Ginny eagerly lavished it, letting the tip of her tongue dart back and forth, gently lubricating it with spit before lunging deep inside him. Normally, she would have been a little steadier with her entrance, but she knew Harry could handle it, her tongue easily slipping inside, his well-used and trained arse parting easily. Plunging deep inside him, she moaned the vibrations tingling against his prostate, her tongue slowly working its way towards the sensitive button deep inside. A steady stream of low and barely audible moans came from Harry's mouth as her tongue wriggled its way forwards, finally grazing against the sweet spot, Harry arching his back and thrusting his hips downwards into her jerking hand, moaning loudly as he did so, Ginny grinning into his arse as she imparted such sumptuous pleasure. Dancing across his prostate, Ginny brought moan after moan to Harry's lips, his groans of pleasure filling the room as he bit his lip. Bringing her second hand up towards his arse, she adjusted her position, allowing her fingers to rest against his stretching hole. Continuing to let her tongue work diligently inside him, Ginny rested the tip of her middle finger against his hole, her tongue lubricating its entrance as she slid the digit deep inside his rear end, Harry groaning as she gently rubbed his prostate with it, his body flooded with the delicious pleasure. Slowly starting to ease the finger in and out, Ginny started to gently fuck Harry's arse with the digit, each deep push causing him to groan delectably, Ginny falling back in love after being deprived of such intimate pleasures for, so long. Sure, fucking and sucking Luna or Hermione was fun, but she lacked the personal love and desire to make her partner squirm with pleasure. There was something simply so satisfying about feeling Harry's arse spasm and clench with even the slightest movement, her tongue continuing to lubricate and delve into his rapidly loosening arse. Inserting a second finger, Ginny watched as Harry's head lifted up slight, the boy casting her a pleasured look as his hole stretched slightly, Ginny eagerly moaning into his arse. Forcing Harry to lift himself up onto his knees, his head still resting on the bench as he presented his ass to the horny young girl, Ginny pulled her lips away from his ass and focussed on her fingers, adding a third finger to replace her tongue, much to Harry's delight. Lowering her lips, she latched them onto his balls, gently sucking one of the sensitive balls into her mouth, her tongue lunging and attacking the bulb of flesh, all the while her fingers eased themselves in and out of his bum. Swapping to the other ball, she made sure that it was given the same treatment, his balls becoming glossy and shiny as her other hand continued to milk his cock, stroking him steadily and bringing more and more pre-cum out onto her hand, mixing itself amongst the saliva of her deepthroating. Speeding up, Ginny felt Harry starting to build towards his orgasm, his balls churning and his cock beginning to throb. Fingering him faster and faster, curving her fingers so that each of her finger tips grazed and danced across his prostate, she brought him closer and closer, milking each of her movements for the deepest possible source of pleasure. Harry's eyes had rolled permanently closed as pleasure washed through him It was arguable that it was too much, but even as his body start to spasm, his back arching, he still didn't want her to stop, his second and ultimately more intense orgasm barrelling towards fruition. Moaning loudly, he felt himself tip over the edge, Ginny catching on and constantly rubbing his prostate, forgetting about moving the digits back and forth and simply seeking to have him explode. Her lips stretched around both of his balls, attacking them diligently whilst her thumb furiously rubbed the tip of his cock until he finally came, several long strands of cum spurting out and through the bench, staining the floor. It wasn't as big as the load that Ginny swallowed, but thanks to Ginny's massage and plentiful build up, it was enough to make Harry moan and the young girl grin with satisfaction, slowly pulling her hands away and watching Harry roll onto his back, breathless and satisfied. For now… "Looks like I'm two for two," Ginny smiled, sliding down onto the floor and propping herself up against the bench as Harry caught his breath. Sliding up onto his feet, he offered the young girl a hand, pulling her back onto her feet and gently wrapping his arms around her. "I suppose I'll have to up my game," Harry smirked, his muscles less tense and far more manoeuvrable than before. It didn't hurt to move them as, so he decided to up the ante, all in an attempt to impress the young girl in their first lovemaking session since getting back together. Sidling towards the wall, Harry hooked his arms beneath her legs and lifted her off her feet, a sultry smile coming to her lips as she realised she was about to get fucked. However, in the same way she teased him with a deep fuck, Harry did the same, his softened cock grazing against her bum as he adjusted his position, pinning her roughly against the tiled surface. With one swift movement, he lifted her further up, her legs sliding over his shoulders as his face came up in front of her cock. Gasping, Ginny instinctively wrapped her legs around his neck, pushing his lips up against her balls as she steadied herself on his head, her hands grabbing his hair as she looked down, grinning at the athletic positioning. Leaning back against the wall, she used that for most of her support, Harry's tongue dancing across her balls as she smiled down at him. "Are you trying to show off?" Ginny smirked, leaning her head back as the added height and kinkiness of the position made her head swim slightly, the pleasure being a little more… pleasurable. She was expecting some witty remark from Harry, but instead was met with his head leaving her balls and stretching upwards slightly, his lips parting and taking her cock into his mouth, savouring the pre-cum which coated nearly her entire length, the substance having been constantly leaking from her tip. Moaning, she closed her eyes, gently massaging his scalp as he slowly slid his lips down along her cock, hoping to replicate the depth and immense pleasure that he had given her in the depths of the Black Lake. Slowly, but surely the tip forced itself against the back of his throat, the boy readily swallowing to allow her access to the intimate depths of his clutching and as yet inexperienced throat. He wasn't sure he could do what he had done before, but that didn't mean he wouldn't try. It took a moment for his throat to adjust, but he quickly got past it, his mouth gulping down another inch whilst pushing the urge to spasm and gag to the back. Holding Ginny's arse, he groped and pulled at her flesh, savouring the soft springing handfuls that were her ass cheeks. Breathing deeply through his nose, he pushed himself downwards at a slow and steady pace, not breaking for a moment, his throat clenching tighter and tighter as he tried to worm her cock deeper and deeper. Stopping for a second as saliva began to drip from his mouth, Harry swallowed all he could, savouring the taste of pre-cum which was readily pouring down his throat as Ginny moaned and groaned in pleasure, her body writhing against the wall as she experienced an expert blowjob from her boyfriend. Sure, Luna was good, but there was something about the way his throat fought against his urge to deepthroat that made it so much more sensual. Like he was choosing her cock over comfort; a perversely romantic way to look at someone choking on a dick. It took a moment, but Harry bobbed his head up and down a few times before easing that last inch into his clutching and tight throat, his lips pressed against Ginny's neatly trimmed crotch, his eyes closed as he focussed on keeping his throat flexing throat under control. "Now you are definitely showing off," Ginny purred, as Harry began to bob his head up and down the bottom four inches of her cock. He couldn't pull his head further back without risking dropping her and so he focussed on the base of her cock, slobbering and lavishing her cock and trusting her tip to be pleasured by the sumptuous spasming of his throat which he had no hopes of stopping. Saliva began to dribble down his chin despite his best efforts to swallow it, the deepthroating becoming sloppier and sloppier, the wet smacking sounds and slurps filling the room, a symphony that Ginny relished with perverse lust and desire. Gently moving her bum forwards and backwards, she thrust a little deeper into his throat, trusting Harry's strength and endurance to keep her in the kinky and acrobatic position, her cock sank deep into his throat. Gasping, she slowly started to smile, her hands pawing at Harry's head, gently patting him as show of approval. He had begun to hum gently as he moved back and forth, the delicious vibrations it provided being a definite and pleasurable kink of Ginny's. The humming moved through her cock, dancing from her tip all the way down to her base, milking more and more pre-cum from her cock, her tip twitching and spasming deep within his mouth, threatening to unload as he pushed her closer and closer to her end. Forcibly edging herself, Ginny didn't want to cum, wanting to savour the pleasure Harry was providing. Not only that, she was hoping that she would be able to fuck Harry, hoping to sink herself into his other tight and clutching hole, a pleasure she had been robbed off for too long. That didn't mean she was immune to the calls of pleasure, her hands quickly rising to play with her breasts, gently squeezing and pulling at the soft mounds of flesh, moaning to herself gripped her nipples with her thumbs, teasing them by plucking and twisting them, the pain amplifying the pleasure in a perverse and all too familiar way. But then she felt it, her cock beginning to spasm, readying to unload into Harry's throat. She fought it for as long as she could, her shaft begging to be let loose, her cum building up tension in her body, the pleasure building and becoming more pleasurable the longer she tried to deny it. Her hands flew to Harry's head, pushing playfully against it as she bit her lip, fighting the urge and pulling her hips back. But before long, she couldn't fight it any longer, her cock uncontrollable. Finally, she gave into the pleasure, allowing herself to be pushed over the edge, waiting for the perfect orgasm, when… she fell. In a controlled way. Harry saw the strain on her face, knowing exactly what she was going through and what she was trying. Right on the verge, Harry dropped her downwards, hooking his arms around her legs as her cock flew out of his mouth, bouncing down between her legs unsatisfied. Her arms wrapped around his neck as she squealed, fearing for the impact with the floor, but coming face to face with a Harry, "Don't do that! I was this close, oh… I don't care what you say, what way you spin it, but I get to fuck you. No, questions asked." "But I thought you were trying to say sorry? That's not very apologetic of you?" Harry chided, Ginny playfully slapping his shoulder as she smirked. Dropping her down to the ground, Harry sauntered over to the bench and slid down, Ginny folded her arms, "Do you want me bent over or? "No… come here," Ginny smiled, standing next to the wall. If Harry was going to show off, she would as well. Bemused, Harry humoured her, standing beside her. Grabbing him, she pushed him back against the wall, hooking her arms beneath his legs and lifting him upwards, grunting slightly. Harry wasn't the biggest person and luckily for Ginny he wasn't too heavy, but it still took a toll. Smirking as he wrapped his arms around her neck, the redhead steadying her position as her hardened and eager cock prodded his asshole, waiting to sink deep inside. Sharing a look, Ginny teased him, "My little bitch boy, pinned against a wall like a little slut. Not very manly?" "This isn't becoming a thing. I refuse to be called that," Harry scoffed, Ginny humouring him with a smile before reverting back to a sterner look, one of her hands leaving Harry's leg, allowing him to hook his legs around her waist to support himself. "What was that?" Ginny asked with a solemn and straight face, her hand finding Harry's balls and gripping them tightly, Harry laughing at first before she started to apply a firmer grip, Harry's smile bleeding away into the same stern and serious look that Ginny was giving him. Giving them a playfully hard squeeze, Ginny reaffirmed her position, asking Harry, "What are you?" "I'm…" Harry began breathing in sharply as she applied even more pressure. Not enough to be unbearable, but enough for her to enunciate her point. Gritting his teeth, Harry played into her fantasy, giving her what she wanted simply by ways of apology for his prior actions in the year, "I'm your little bitch boy…" "Good…" Ginny purred, biting her tongue before letting go of Harry's balls and establishing her grip on her leg again, lifting him up slightly before adjusting him so that his arse was perfectly lined up with her cock. Without further ceremony, she slowly lowered him, keeping him steady as she impaled him on his cock, Harry groaning as he slowly felt his asshole pry apart and give way for her thick, unwieldy cock. His puckered hole finally gave in, a couple inches sinking themselves in their entirety inside him, the pair groaning in unison; Harry's grip around her neck and waist tightening to steady himself. Taking a moment to let him adjust, Ginny let her eyes roll closed, her mind flooding with the sumptuous pleasure of having her cock back inside her boyfriend's arse. It wasn't that she had been deprived of fucking someone as Luna had steadily seen to her needs on that front, but the sheer intimacy and the fact that it was her boyfriend that she was back inside did wonder for her, her cock tingling. Slowly, she began to lower Harry once more, her cock carving its way through his ass with ease, stretching his hole as she did so until finally, she had sunk every inch inside him, her balls gently slapping his bum as the pair groaned together. Her fat cock was pressing snugly against his prostate, with even the slight adjustments she made with her hips milking the sweet and silky pleasure from his pleasure sensitive button. Savouring being full of Ginny's cock, Harry waited for the young girl's no doubt eager and passionate fucking to begin, the redhead quietly relishing the way his ass tightening and clamped down on her shaft, massaging her length deliciously. Holding Harry in place, Ginny lowered her hips slightly, pulling her cock out of his arse before eagerly and hungrily slamming back in. She could tell that Harry could handle it, not worrying about pounding him as hard as she'd like. The deep moan of pleasure from Harry only reaffirmed that as Ginny built up a swift and deep thrust, opting to fuck harder and faster rather than shift every single inch back and forth. Moans filled the room as she humped Harry, her balls smacking audibly in conjunction with her and Harry's moans, the pairs eyes finally falling forwards as the looked into each other, their lips lurching forwards and pressing passionately against each other, each one battling for dominance as Ginny hammered home again and again. Harry's cock, being sandwiched between the pair of them, was dribbling pre-cum onto each other's stomach's his cock hard and ready for action again. A thin layer of sweat built over both of them as Ginny began to overexert herself. Furiously fucking Harry's arse, all the while holding him against the wall was taking its toll and whilst her arms began to ache, she craved the orgasm that was building in her cock. Even though she had only been fucking him for a couple minutes, she was ready to blow. But, similarly to the deepthroat blowjob that Harry had lovingly lavished her with, she was going to hold off for as long as possible and savour every morsel of sumptuously sweet pleasure that Harry's deliciously tight arse could provide. Pulling her lips away from Harry's, Ginny glanced downwards, watching her cock slide in and out of Harry, the sight enough to produce a hollow groan from the young girl, her thrusts slowing as she felt herself teetering on the edge of orgasm, her cock tingling and spasming immensely as even the slightest movement threatened to cause her to unload. She could feel her cum building in her balls, slowly inching its way through her shaft with each thrust until a small bead of cum oozed out into Harry's arse, the pleasure of that initial dribble being all it took to send Ginny over the edge. One last deep and powerful thrust shuddered through the pair of them and Ginny groaned loudly, her mouth falling open as she came, hard and fast. Her cock twitched inside Harry, cum spurting deep into his rear entrance, simultaneously relieving Ginny and causing her to moan and giving Harry the perverse pleasure of being filled to the brim with her orgasm. She took a few soft and lighter thrusts, milking herself dry, before her arms started to give way and she lowered Harry to the ground. Not giving her a moment to relax, Harry hooked her arms under her legs, lifting her up and carrying her across to the bench and laying her down on the wooden surface. Gasping, she smiled as she knew what was coming. Harry was still hard, and he was wanting his third orgasm. And who was she to deny him such simple pleasures. Not that she would be able to deny him. She could already feel her cock hardening, even after such an intense orgasm before. Maybe she'd be able to squeeze a second climax out as well. Spreading her legs, she welcomed Harry's cock which swiftly found itself pressed against her rear entrance, slowly pushing forwards and begging access to the depths of her arse. Peeling apart almost instantly, Ginny's bum allowed half of Harry's cock to sink inside her without a second thought, the pair moaning in unison before their lips collided once again, Harry's hands hooking around Ginny's thighs and using his grip to pull her onto his cock, swiftly lodging his entire length inside her rear. Gasping, Ginny pulled her head back, biting her lip as she felt her hole ache slightly, Harry halting to give her a moment to readjust. That ache lasted only a second as she hooked her legs around Harry's waist and pulled him deeper in, hungrily gazing into his eyes as he grinned and started to fuck her. Adopting a slower and more sensual approach, Harry pulled himself slowly backwards before easing back in, building up a deep and passionate fuck, the pair of them moaning as their bodies collided, sweat clinging to their glistening bodies as they writhed together, their lips occasionally meeting before darting across each other's bodies, Ginny gently nibbling at his neck. The room was filled with deep erotic slaps, Harry's balls hitting hard and loudly as Ginny's cum gently trickled down his leg. Her cock was pressing against his stomach, sensitive from her previous orgasm, her cock already building to a second load. Focussing on the pleasure, Ginny gently slid her hips towards Harry, pushing herself onto his thrusts and moaning loudly as she did, her prostate tingling and singing, sending waves of pleasure across her body as it pressed snugly against Harry's ribbed, veiny cock. Clinging to his back as the pleasure began to build, Ginny buried her head in Harry's neck, her moans silenced by his flesh. Breathing heavily, Harry felt his cock on the edge of a third orgasm. The only time he had been this virile had been with Myrtle and that was somewhat of an outlying experience. His stamina was draining, and his cock was incredibly sensitive, his tip tingling with bursting sensation. Moaning, Harry increased his thrusts, wanting to set Ginny's second orgasm off before indulging himself. Hammering home, Harry felt Ginny begin to wince, but not stop him, instead biting her lip and clinging tighter to Harry, her prostate being crushed with each deep and powerful thrust; something that was incredibly intense and pleasurable. Pushing his stomach down, he pinned Ginny's cock between his stomach and hers, creating a pocket for her pre-cum soaked cock to grind against, adding to the intense feeling. It was that added pressure that set her off again, her cock dribbling only a few beads of cum onto her belly but sending a waving pleasure through her sweat glossy body. That was all Harry needed, his own orgasm bursting into life as Ginny's ass tightened around his cock. Groaning, he spurted a single strand into Ginny's ass, his cum having been depleted across his prior two releases. But that didn't lessen the pleasure as he savoured every spasming ripple her body gave him. Finally, his cock softened and slipped out her ass, Harry flopping forwards on top of Ginny, the pair breathless as they looked into each other's eyes, the erotic romanticism of being back together fading away into a smirk, laughter quickly following as they rolled onto the floor, Ginny landing on top of Harry. Capturing a kiss, the shared a silent moment, neither one breaking it as neither one needed to. A silent affirmation as to how far they had come. Author's Note: I'm always hesitant to revisit pairings that I've focussed so heavily on beforehand and whilst this chapter is quite necessary story wise, I'm still not sure about it. I like to think that it's new and refreshing, but there is always that worry that it's just another identical chapter. Might sound stupid, but it's just a thought in my head. Either way, hope you enjoyed and let me know your thoughts. Always appreciate a review! Another reminder that the Poll is still open. Really helps me out if you take the time to fill it out. The next chapter (all going well) should be up alongside this one. They are very similar in tone and purpose and so I wanted to push them out together so that we didn't have two weeks of lovey-dovey romantic make-up sex. As fun as it is. I want to get onto some of the kinkier pairings/scenarios that are coming up!
Author's Note: Hey guys, hopefully if all goes well, you are reading this the same day as the previous chapter. Don't get used to getting two chapters very often, it's just that the chapter after this one is going to be a lot of fun. A lot of people have been asking for it, so I really want to write it! But, if you aren't reading this the same day, then I'm chatting a load of bollocks and ignore me! Hopefully! I kind of wanted to get this chapter and the last chapter out of the way. Not that they aren't good, it's just they are pairings that people have already read and didn't really want to spend two weeks on two very similar chapters. It would really sap my desire to write the story. Especially considering what next week will be! On to this chapter and we have the second load of makeup sex and hopefully it's goes as successfully as the last one. I think Hermione and Ron are one of the more complicated pairings and I really do hope I get it right. Let me know if I do or not and what you guys want to see! Also, remember that there is a poll for your least favourite chapters! Really appreciate your feedback and will help shape this story for the better! But enjoy this chapter! Chapter 29: Bow on Top Sliding through the portrait, Ron walked into the Common Room. A couple days had passed since the Second Task and the thrill and excitement of the day had quickly bled back into the triviality of the normal school day. Ron and Hermione had had a brief chat before she went for a shower, disappearing for a couple days after. He hadn't seen her since then and had started to worry, the concern that the fleeting kiss they shared was simply born of passion and not out of an actual desire to get back together and work things out. Of course, Ron had soon learnt the luxury and frankly great boon that being sexually open amongst more than simply his girlfriend was. The Twins and his secret admirer had quickly proven that there was merit to experimenting, but even throughout those explicit sexual endeavours he found himself lacking in the emotional romantic element which led him to lusting after Hermione, silently realising that he had overreacted. But that was hardly the only problem with their relationship. Walking into the Common Room, Ron instantly bowed his head, seeing Harry and Ginny sitting at the sofa, playing a game of exploding snap, the two giggling at each other. That had been the other unexpected event of the Second Task and whilst he could explicitly say that he was a fan of the other surprise, this one initially made his blood boil. However, Hermione quickly lessened the blow and after a long talk with Ginny and a shorter more… indirect conversation with Harry, he quickly came around to the idea. Not enough to love it, but enough to nod quietly whilst they galivanted around. He still hadn't figured out how to deal with them actually being a couple right in front of him, but by avoiding Ginny and her eyes, wandered over and smiled, "Hey…" "Hey Ron. Hermione was looking for you. She went up to the Dorm to check if you were up there. I think she's still up there," Harry smiled, turning his attention away from the game for just a moment, allowing Ginny to sneak in and yell snap, securing another point much to Harry's dismay, "Right! Not fair!" "Yes fair. I win! Shall we play something else just, so I can beat you again?" Ginny asked, giggling as she leant in and stole a kiss from Harry, Ron turning sharply away and becoming intimately fascinated with the opposite wall and it's incredible… redness… A quality his face bore with shining resemblance. Harry quickly pointed that out to Ginny, who desperate to continue plucked her lips away just long enough to suggest to Ron, "You really should go find Hermione. She really needed to talk to you and she's been up there a long time…" "Er, yeah, you're right," Ron nodded, turning and walking towards the stairs, unexplainably intrigued enough to turn around and witness his best friend and his sister eating each other's faces off. Not staying long enough to watch their hands start to wander -not that they would go very far surrounded by everyone else in the common room- Ron bustled his way upstairs to the Dorm and walked through the door, dumping his bag down and looking up towards the bed with immediate and lustful surprise. Hermione was on all fours, presenting her arse to the door, expecting and hoping Ron to be the one who entered. However, instead of her usual bookish and reserved attire, she was dressed as skimpily as she could be. She had opted for a red lacy bra, a garment that Ron could barely see but that he could quickly ascertain was a couple sizes too small for her, her breasts looking plump, luscious and massive as they almost threatened to spill out of the brassiere. Her bum was framed by a tiny g-string that hid nothing from the redhead as he ogled her practically nude body, his cock hardening rapidly in his trousers as he did so. Being on all fours, her arse cheeks parted slightly, her asshole on display covered only by a tiny red string. Her thick, hard and bulbous cock was not hidden from view, but instead held upwards and against her stomach by the thin swatch of cloth that would barely hide her nipple if she tried. And to wrap it all up, tied around her waist was a large red ribbon tied delicately in a big floppy bow. A present. And what a present indeed. "Hermione? What… is this?" Ron asked, slowly sauntering over to the girl as she glanced behind herself and breathed a sigh of relief, the constrictive bra that was clamping down on her chest rendering her a little breathless. Wiggling her bum, she did her best to act sexy and sultry, unwittingly shaking the bow so that it slipped underneath her. Clumsily fixing it, she blushed as Ron propped himself up on a nearby bed, bemused. "It's an apology… You can do whatever you want with me," Hermione purred, putting emphasis into her voice, but coughing a bit of the way through before clarifying, "Well within reason, nothing to freaky. Well, I'm open to freaky stuff, just don't suddenly spring them on me." "I need to apologise as well, but I don't have my comically large bow on me at the moment," Ron mocked, those words being all the words that Hermione needed to give up on the idea. It was a stupid idea that she had been brewing in her mind for the past few days, diligently collecting what she needed whilst inadvertently distancing herself from Ron. Flopping to one side, she rolled onto her back and sat on the edge of the bed, looking up at Ron as she pulled the strings of the bow, "Not that I don't appreciate all this, it's just a little… weird?" "I thought I should do something, you know, special? I made a mistake. What kind of girl asks her boyfriend to let her go and shag other people? That was way out of line and fully expect you to not want me back after doing all that, but I just… I miss you," Hermione explained, her voice getting carried away as she readjusted her bra, gulping in a massive uncomfortable breath. "I missed you too. Admittedly, it was a pretty ludicrous thing to ask. And I didn't handle that conversation brilliantly," Ron admitted, noticing Hermione's discomfort, her bra almost threatening to snap as she moved it back into place, "And I get why you wanted to be more open like that. I just thought that by wanting other people, you weren't… you know… happy with me." "No, no, no! That wasn't it at all!" Hermione said, staggering across to the bed that Ron now sat upon, her g-string unseating itself and allowing her cock to flop forwards, the underwear becoming entirely useless, as opposed to next to useless, "It was the opposite. I was happy with you. I just wanted to be the best. I thought in some misguided way that you'd not want to be with me if I didn't know how to give a good blowjob or look sexy. I thought that that stuff was important, and I wanted to learn so that I could be that sexy girl that everyone wants." "I just wanted you… And trust me, even a bad blowjob is a good blowjob," Ron smirked, Hermione sympathising, knowing full well from experience that skill was simply an added luxury to an already excellent thing, "And I do have to say that maybe it's alright if we… experiment with other people. I think if we are both confident that we want to be with each other, then surely we can be big enough people to keep to that regardless of who we stick our dicks into on occasion." "A crude, but surprisingly romantic observation. And I do want to be with you," Hermione clarified, resting her arm of his shoulder as he wrapped his arms around her, the pair embracing for a moment as they finally found themselves back together, Hermione stifling a grunt as her chest tightened. "I want to be with you too," Ron smiled, holding her close, knowing that she was dying to take it off something that he was in full support of. However, he quietly relished her discomfort before pulling away and smiling at her with a cheeky smirk, "You take that off now." "Oh, thank Merlin!" she exclaimed reaching behind herself and undoing the clasp, the bra practically flinging of her body as he fell to the floor, the imprint of the garment left on her skin, her breasts and her, breathing a sigh of relief. Her hands groped and pulled at her plump tits, readjusting them and massaging them back into full figure after the unbelievable tightness, Ron all the while laughing at her ready eagerness to be rid of such a seductive bra. Groaning, she turned to Ron and giggled herself, brushing her hair behind her eyes and smiling, "This isn't as sexy as I thought it was going to be." "I'll be honest, I don't know what you expect me to do? I mean… Sure, it's a kinky sight, but what am I supposed to do with it?" Ron asked. It was true. I mean, the intention was obvious. It was supposed to be a sexy little present for him, but when it came to him enjoying the present, he didn't really know what to do. Was he supposed to fuck her, lick her? Spank her? Sweep her up in his arms? It was a really sexy proposition, but not one that he was thrilled to explore. I mean, it's a bit weird. "Well… I imagined that you'd walk in and see me and slowly… start… to strip…" Hermione purred, realising that she didn't have to abandon her apology attempt. Sure, they had had the talk, but she had spent days organising this and had subsequently went days without relief. And there was no way they were just going to walk back downstairs hand in hand. Each of her words were enunciated by her hands starting to undress Ron. First, she undid his robes, pulling them up over his head, before pulling his tie away and tossing it to one side. Smiling, Ron let his hands wander over her body, gently feeling the warmth of her skin and stifling a moan as he imagined the various compromising positions and things they were going to do. It was so exciting. For once, they were actually having sex and not just having a quick shag. He could feel the intimacy. It wasn't just for her relief. It was nice. Pulling his shirt over his head, Hermione quickly unbuckled his trousers, pulling everything down towards the ground and freeing his thick, throbbing cock, an eager smile etching itself across her face. Before she could lean in and swallow his cock, something that she expected him to want, Ron lifted her up and sat her on his lap, straddling him, their cocks grinding together as she leaned in and kissed him. "And then what?" Ron asked in between kisses, their lips battling one another before Hermione pushed him backwards onto the bed. Reaching down, she ripped the thin fabric of her panties and tossed them to one side, before slowly inching up the bed. She was aware Ron preferred a firmer hand as she had prepared herself with her trusty notebook, now avidly taking it as written gospel. And so, whilst she had initially rendered herself submissive, she quickly turned that more kinky and dominant side of herself on as she grinned salaciously at the boy, Ron eagerly smiling up at her as she inched closer and closer to his face. "You'd choose between my ass or my cock," she purred, her cock inching closer and closer to his face, the tip sliding along his lips as he parted them just enough to sneak in a quickly lick, Hermione biting her lip as he did so. Leaning backwards, she wrapped her own hand around his cock, gently jerking him off and forcing him to breathe a pleasurable moan along her cock as her shaft gently slapped itself along his face. "What exactly would my choice get me? What am I deciding between?" Ron asked, knowing full well the obvious difference between the choice, but was sexily asking as to what would be done with the choice he made. Leaning forwards, she snaked her hand through his hair and firmly tugged his head forwards, Ron grunting pleasurably as she did so. "Which one you'd rather be smothered by…" Hermione purred, dragging her cock back and forth across his face, Ron groaning at the pure and simple eroticism of the moment, his lips and face being used to grind against by Hermione's cock. The tables quickly turned, and Ron was more than happy for it with the submissive being the role that made his cock twitch delectably. "Ass definitely," Ron breathed, not even having to think about it as he breathed those words. His eyes had rolled closed, turned on by deliciousness of his current situation. He felt her lift his cock away from his face and felt Hermione turn around. Looking up, he was met with her round, plump arse in all it's delicious and sumptuous glory. Before he could utter a word, Hermione dropped herself down onto his face, plunging his mouth and nose In between her cheeks, his face smothered by her soft, plump cheeks, the boy pinned firmly between the bed and her delectable arse, something that set both their cocks twitching between their legs. Adjusting herself slightly, but not enough to give Ron any relief (not that he wanted any) from being smothered by her delectable arse. His hands wrapped around her thighs, pulling her further down, her cheeks squashing his cheeks as his tongue darted forwards, desperately searching for the pleasure haven that was her hole. Helping him slightly, she adjusted herself so that he asshole sat directly above his lips before forcing herself downwards, his lips pressed snugly against her tight, constricted bum. Lunging forwards immediately, Ron plunged his tongue deep into her arse, Hermione gasping and falling forwards, her hands resting on his stomach to support herself. Wriggling deeper and deeper into Hermione's well-exercised arse, he darted back and forth, his tongue animated in its exploration of her ass, eagerly delving along each silky wall of rear entrance in search of her prostate, knowing that was the key to making the girl above him squirm. Pulling her down onto his tongue, her forced it as deep as he could inside her ass, wriggling it back and forth, revelling in Hermione's movements. She had started to move back and forth, gently grinding her arse downwards begging for more pleasure as Ron's tongue explored her ass. It was sensational. Obviously, he had used his time away from her to practice. She was well aware of his exploits with the Twins and Lavender Brown of all people and imagined that they cultivated his tongue into such a skilled and precise tool that he was expertly weaving through her bum until he finally found her prostate, his tongue attacking it with enough fervour to cause Hermione to audibly squeal. Her lips fell permanently open as she moaned loudly and constantly, his tongue stretching to run along her entire prostate. The new position of sitting on his face allowed him some appreciated depth and where most people licking someone's ass would only graze the very edge of their prostate with their tongue, Ron was able to massage and play with the entire pleasurable morsel, his tongue lavishing it with subtle licks and movements, all to Hermione's extreme pleasure. One of her hands wrapped around her own cock, jerking herself off slowly and steadily, the increased attention to the most pleasurable spot in her arse milking her cock of all the pre-cum. It began to bead and roll down her moving fist swiftly, her hand moving swifter and swifter as more and more lubrication turned her cock to a glossy shimmer. Ron's cock was winking at her, but she wanted to hold off on savouring his length, wanting to savour his tongue herself before pulling him away from the incredible job he was doing. "Fuck!" Hermione squealed, the pleasure almost being too intense as he built up a rhythm, constantly moving his tongue in the most pleasurable and delightful way. Pulling his tongue backwards, he caused her to gasp, her body relaxing for a moment as the intense and constant pleasure of having her prostate licked ceased. Her body fell forwards slightly, her arse leaning upwards slightly, relieving the smothering nature. Grabbing her hips, Ron pulled her backwards slightly, his view once again occluded by her soft expanse of flesh, a sight he relished and loved for every second. Gently swaying his tongue back and forth, he stretched her tight ring a little, her moans become low and shallow breaths as she slowly recuperated, her body developing a thin layer of sweat from the wave after wave of pleasure coursing through her. Before she could get comfortable, Ron plunged deep inside once more, resuming his intense licking of her button and causing her to tense up once more, sucking her stomach in as her breath was taken away, moans becoming brief, but deep as she breathed, "Oh! Yeah… Mmm… ugh… oh fuck… yeah, there! Ah…" Spurred on by Hermione's eager moans, Ron did just that, feeling her writhe against his face, starting to properly ride him as if that was all he was there for. His tongue was her own personal toy to impale and play with and that made his cock simply sing with pleasure. The moans that came through his moan barely grazed her prostate, but still sent her forwards, her lips coming closer and closer to Ron's cock as the ever-present allure of a thick, veiny shaft loomed nearer and nearer. She couldn't hold of any long, letting go of her cock and gently grinding it across Ron's chest as she rode back and forth on his face, making sure to sexily slap her bum down onto his face, smothering him as he clearly loved. Reaching out, she rewarded him, wrapping her hand around his cock and gently starting to stroke it back and forth, instantly receiving gratification as more moans rippled through her arse adding to the sumptuous and orgasmic pleasure she was already experiencing. Gasping in response, she sped her jerking up, milking Ron's cock for more moans which subsequently added to her pleasure. Leaning forwards, she wrapped her lips around the tip of his cock, dribbling saliva across his already pre-cum slick cock and instantly starting to jerk it off, smearing and spreading it across his bulbous tip. She quickly decided that she would have to impart some of Harry's tendencies on to Ron and get him to shave the nest of hair that he had let grown unwieldy but decided that was a discussion best kept for a while down the road. Instead, she plunged her lips down his shaft, surprising even Ron as he pushed his head up, letting a deep groan of pleasure ripple through Hermione's asshole. Taking half his cock into her mouth and throat without hesitation, Hermione exercised some of the abilities that Krum had managed to instil in her, moaning eagerly around his cock as she did so. After the halfway mark, she began to gag and splutter, but she quickly pushed past that, forcing her throat harder down her beloved's cock, pushing through by sheer force of will. Her throat clenched, but eventually, she pressed her lips against his wild nest of hair, her nose buried in his balls as her tongue danced eagerly around the base of his shaft. Knowing that if Ron continued his diligent work on her arsehole she would be coming quicker than she wanted to, Hermione lifted her ass up, giving Ron a chance to breathe properly. He only had a second as Hermione's cock sprung into his field of vision and he instantly knew her intent. She thrust downwards, hoping to impale his mouth and with some luck and Ron's lip moving to eagerly accommodate, she pushed her cock into his mouth, her thrust ignoring the limits of his throat and simply burying itself deep within his throat. Pushing downwards, she pushed her hips into his throat until she felt her crotch pressed snugly against his lips, her entire length lodged inside his throat just as his entire length was pushed inside hers. Ron instantly wrapped his hands around her grasping her bum cheeks and pulling her downwards, all the while pawing eagerly at her soft round bum. Moaning into each other's cocks, it was Hermione that took charge, gently starting to thrust up and down, pounding Ron's mouth as if it was his arse, hammering back and forth with eager slurps and slopping slaps filling the room. Hermione took a slower and more lavish approach to Ron's cock, slowly drawing her lips back along his shaft before gently sliding it back in. She managed to get a dozen thrusts into Ron's throat in the time it took her to lazily drag her lips up and down Ron's cock. Her blowjob however was laden with subtle movements with her tongue, delicately and sexily attending to his engorged cock head whilst she pounded clumsily into his clutching and spasming throat, saliva bubbling out his mouth and dribbling down his cheeks and chin. Moans travelled from one mouth, through the other's cock and from their mouth back into the other's shaft, creating a perverse and immensely pleasurable ring of deepthroat that had both of them racing towards their orgasm. Continuing to jerk his cock off whenever it wasn't lodged in her luscious throat, Hermione lowered her other hand to his balls, giving them a soft and playful squeeze every now and again, using them to illicit a subtle and deep groan of pain from Ron with reverberated through her cock, pre-cum pouring from her tip directly into his stomach. Ron, whilst revelling in Hermione's more dominant nature, was not one to be outdone, his hands grasping Hermione's ass cheeks and peeling them apart, a finger resting itself against her puckered, but lubricated, bum hole. Her thrusting hips made it difficult to worm it in, but as soon as he slid the tip inside, her momentum carried the rest of it inside, the digit lodging itself deep into her arse and causing her to slow her thrusts, groaning at the added pleasure. Plucking her lips from his cock, she moaned loudly, slowing her thrusts to accommodate for the added pleasure. As she pulled out of Ron's throat, she impaled herself on his fingers, the boy quickly adding a second digit to elicit more sumptuous pleasure from the girl. And as she pushed back into his throat, the fingers wormed their way out, the girl fucking herself as she fucked his throat. Ron made careful attention to curl his fingers, trying to rub and graze her prostate, but found it to difficult to accurately attack the sensitive bud, instead opting to try and push as deep as possible into the young girl's rear end. Pulling her lips entirely away from his cock, Hermione focussed on not cumming to early, her cock tingling inside Ron's throat, begging to be allowed to unload. Moaning, she slowed her thrusts savouring the slightest movement as even the smallest shift sent a wave of pleasure coursing through her body. Flinging her hair back, she bit her lip and tried to ignore the urge to squeal, her hand finding her breast and gently massaging the sensitive mound, all the while her other hand eagerly jerked Ron's cock. Conceding to the fact that she couldn't fight her orgasm for ever, Hermione decided to go all in. Breathing heavily, she dropped her hands down onto the bed either side of Ron's hips and steadied herself. Building herself quicker and quicker, she started to slam her hips down into Ron's throat again and again, faster and faster moaning louder and louder as she sped up. Pounding back and forth, her body was forced through wave after wave of pleasure, her arse spasming sumptuously one moment, before her cock took over, twitching deep within his throat. However, that wasn't what pushed Hermione over the edge. Although she was steadily building towards her release, it was Ron who slipped a third finger inside her that pushed her into the realm of climax. Gasping, she felt her cock spasm and unload deep into Ron's mouth, several longs strands of built up cum being deposited deep into Ron's stomach. Although he didn't necessarily have the option to swallow it, he would have done so with glee. A little begrudged by not being able to taste it as she unloaded, Ron diligently continued to finger her ass even as she ground to a halt, his sawing fingers plunging deep inside her being what milked the last few drops of cum down into his throat, her cock slowly softening even as his tongue darted back and forth. Letting go of Hermione's hips, Ron lay there waiting for her to slide off, the girl breathless from the climax that shuddered through her body. Reclining against the headboard, Ron steadily began to jerk his cock off as Hermione recovered, the boy in danger of relieving himself simply by watching her sweat glistening chest rise up and down. As anyone would… "I'll have to thank the twins for that…" Hermione breathed, pushing herself up onto her elbow and smirking at Ron. The fact that Ron hadn't told Hermione about them didn't even cross his mind as he chuckled in response, continuing to stroke his shaft even as Hermione's cock began to harden. Rolling onto all fours, she presented her well lubricated and stretched arse to Ron, giving him a gentle wiggle before purring, "Although it seems you didn't get much out of it… Care to take me for a ride?" "I thought girls couldn't get pleasure out of being topped?" Ron asked, a smirk on his lips as he rolled onto his knees and slid slowly towards Hermione's arse, the girl suddenly bowing her head, her cheeks turning bright red as she was called out on her lie. "Sorry… I didn't… I… Well… I didn't want to. Okay, I don't know what to say. It was a spur of the moment thing, sorry if it, you know made things difficult. Sorry," Hermione pleaded, fumbling through her words as Ron smiled behind her. He didn't really mind. Not that much. Sure, it stung when Padma revealed the truth, but then again, he swiftly became balls deep in the Indian woman. "What are you going to do to make it up me?" Ron asked cheekily, Hermione clicking and pushing her rear end backwards into Ron's cock, grinding his thick length up against her asshole. Grinding her ass against his cock, she glanced behind her with a salacious smirk. "Well there is the obvious? I have been a naughty little girl…" Hermione purred, Ron groaning as she flipped the tables, playing the submissive. Ron wasn't averse to the idea of switching the roles and the way Hermione went about suggesting it played to that simple perverse desire within him. And then as he reached down and adjusted his cock so that it rested against her glossy, saliva slick arse, Hermione purred, "I think I need to be punished…" "And what punishment would be fitting do you think?" Ron said sternly, slowly pushing forwards, his cock easily sliding into Hermione's bum, the girl moaning loudly as he did so, gently pushing back with her own arse and eagerly impaling herself on his thick bulbous length, until she could feel the bristles of her pubic hair rubbing against her soft, creamy arse. "I think you need to turn my arse cheeks as red as these ones," Hermione smiled, biting her lip as she wiggled her ass, the pair groaning as that simple movement sent ripples of delicious pleasure through both their bodies. Pointing to her rich red cheeks, flush with embarrassment, Ron took the hint smiling lustily as he did so. Grabbing Hermione's hips, he thrust into her ass a few times, adopting a swift and rough stride, Hermione quickly taking control and bouncing her ass back and forth, sliding herself up and down his cock and allowing him to take a more intimate approach with the treatment her rear end deserved. Running his hands along her soft flesh, Ron watched as her hole flexed and tightened around his cock, her bum bouncing back and forth whilst filling the room with gentle and audible smacks as their balls collided and her cheeks pressed softly against his crotch. Pulling and pawing at her ass, Ron teased her, gently rubbing the flesh, taunting her with the threat of a sharp spank. Hermione wasn't keen on being submissive, but quite enjoyed the prospect of a spanking. It was a bizarre fantasy that she never really indulged because pain could hardly elicit pleasure, but in the few occasions where one of her partners took the liberty to playfully slap her flesh, she found the sting to be almost sensual in the way it accentuated her pleasure. And then the first slap came, the sharp spank echoing through the dorm room as Hermione gasped audibly, her lips hanging open. Her flesh burned beneath his strike, the pain shrouding the sensation of having her prostate massaged only to bleed away and send her into a euphoric haze. She slowed her soft backwards bouncing for a moment, biting her lip as Ron pawed and pulled at her soft, plump flesh. Building herself back up into the rhythm of pushing her bum back and forth, the pair groaning. Ron watched eagerly as her pale and creamy arse began to burn a bright and rich red, her flesh adorned with a lustful scarlet hue. Lifting his hand, he spanked her other cheek, his hand print lingering for a moment as Hermione adjusted, her bouncing slowing down once more, not to a halt, but enough so that she could clear her head and focus on the pain rippling through her ass. Ron was encapsulated by the way her flesh bounced, quickly learning why Parvati and Padma loved to spank him and watching as her flesh bounced and jiggled with each rough and sharp slap. Lifting both his hands, he roughly spanked her again, Hermione groaning pleasurably as the sting surged through her skin, the initial pain becoming less and less as her red raw bum became more and more acclimatised to the rougher treatment. In between spanks, which Ron used sparingly for fear of hurting her more than intended, Ron ran his hands to her hips roughly sliding his cock harder inside her, Hermione moaning in response, her hands latching onto her breasts and gently squeezing the sensitive mounds, trying to flood her body with more and more pleasure as she flung herself back at Ron's cock, impaling herself again and again, all the chorus of heavy rhythmic slaps and spanks, her arse singing with sublime pleasure. Her other hand reached down to her cock, wrapping clumsily around her shaft. The forcefulness of the hard fucking made it difficult to get a steady grip, pre-cum spilling down an onto her palm as she stroked herself as best she could, her orgasm building once again. Roughly spanking her again and again, slapping her cheeks roughly and I quick succession, Ron finally stopped his spanking, adjusting his position so that he was laid across Hermione's back, his cock submerged in it's entirety inside her. Groaning at the sensation of being full, Hermione glanced to her left, sneaking a quick kiss in with Ron before he began to move back and forth, pounding her tight little hole with deep and hard thrusts, the smacking sounds of his rough fucking filling the room, his hands sliding around to take a grip on her breasts, each hefty handful filling his palm perfectly as he squeezed and pulled at the soft flesh. Moaning, Hermione let Ron do his thing, her head falling to the covers below her, burying her cheek in the soft fabric, moaning softly as Ron's fingers found her nipples and the boy started to afford them the same rougher treatment as before. Gripping the nipples in between his thumb and forefinger, he roughly twisted them, Hermione gasping as he did so. Pushing backwards, she forced herself up onto her knees, Ron's body pressed behind her as he humped at her bum, his fingers working across her nipples, gently tweaking them before sharply pulling them, the pleasure and pain fluctuating in the most bizarre yet pleasurable way. Grinding her ass against Ron's crotch, their fucking quickly became a couple bursts of quick hard thrusts followed by grinding and fondling each other for a few moments, the pair relishing having their bodies back under the other's control, rubbing and moving in the simplest ways, yet divining the most intense and orgasmic pleasure from each of them. The upright position allowed Ron to thrust upwards, his cock curving inside her and pushing itself against her prostate in the most sensational of ways. "You like that? Making me your bitch? Spanking me?" Hermione moaned as Ron's lips nibbled at her neck, his hands starting to spank and slap her breasts, Hermione grinning in response. Grinding her ass back into Ron, she snaked her hands around Ron's neck, turning her head slightly to gently kiss his cheek as he rutted against her. She knew who she was having sex with. And whilst Ron was revelling in the momentary catharsis of dominating Hermione and making her pay for the rather large lie she told him, he lusted after a different pleasure, much preferring for the roles to be reversed. And she was going to make every lustful and deep desire in that boy come to light. After perusing her notebook, she had some idea of what would make Ron squirm with delicious pleasure and whilst he enjoyed the pleasure of bending her over and using her, she was going to make him squeal. Pushing Ron backwards, Hermione rolled off the bed and strolled over to where she had stashed her clothing. Confused, Ron followed only to be quickly pulled back towards the bed by strange leather tendrils. Hermione had plucked her wand and with a simple swish, the skilled witch conjured up two leather ropes that bound Ron's arms to the head of the bed, the boy confused at first, but welcoming the sudden change with a soft smile, "Oh this getting a little kinkier than I expect…urgh…" "Hush now… I'm in charge. Just how you want it, eh? Enough of this powerplay, switching back and forth. Let's cut to what my little bitch boy wants. Is that right?" Hermione smirked, casting another spell to silence Ron's cocky remark, a large strap of leather gagging him as he laid restrained against the bed. His eyes spoke it all and whilst Hermione was a little hesitant to start dominating without formal and explicit consent, the begging look in eyes and exhilarated grin on his gagged face suggested this is what he wanted. And she was more than happy to comply. Nodding dutifully, Ron looked up at her as she clambered onto the bed and straddled his chest, her cock slapping itself across his face as he looked up at the sultry woman dominating him and silently exploded inside, his cock twitching at the prospect of fulfilling his fantasy, even in the slightest and tiniest of ways. Reaching down to Ron's nipples, she gently rubbed them, bringing them to stiff and erect peaks before sharply twisting them harder than she would normally do, Ron's back arching as he breathed sharply inwards. Letting his nipples go, she gently slapped them before twisting them again, the pink nubs burning a similar red to her ass. There was something cathartic about it all, being dominant and having someone's body lain before her to do as she pleased with. It was almost overwhelming for the young girl, Hermione being unsure as to what she should do and being left without any clear path. What do you do to someone, when you can do anything you want? Continuing to play with his nipples a little, Hermione drew her wand once more and cast the same charm, only around Ron's feet, binding them together and lifting them towards the roof of the bedspread. His ass was on fully display, his cock dribbling pre-cum down onto his stomach as Hermione unsaddled him strutted around to the end of the bed coming face to face with his tight little arse. His cheeks fell open perfectly, his flexing hole winking at Hermione as she leaned forwards and rested the tip of her wand against his hole. Slowly, but surely, it pushed through inside him, Ron's groaning audibly as the thin tip eased itself inside him. In a strange twist of fate, it was more uncomfortable than even the thickest cock he had had up there. The rigidness of it rearranged his ass as it pushed inside whereas a cock would follow the contours of his rear entrance. But in saying that, as more and more of the wooden shaft pushed inside him, he began to moan, especially as it slid against his prostate, gently poking and prodding the sensitive bulb of flesh. That was where she stopped, the wand pushing forwards just enough to prod his prostate again and again, Hermione pull the wand back and forth watching eagerly as Ron moaned sharply with each simple touch. She had been practising with her wand for a while and with a rather simple incantation, she removed her hand, the wand continuing to ease in and out. It was a tricky spell to maintain, but eventually, she had it seamless, the wooden shaft fucking Ron of its own volition, Hermione controlling he speed and roughness of it's movements, keeping them slow and methodical at first. With her wand indisposed, Hermione used her hands to untie Ron's feet, keeping them bound together, but lowering them down to the bed, keeping her wand moving in and out of him but giving her unrestricted access to his cock, the object of her next desires. For as much as she loved to fuck someone, the intimate fuck between her and Ron was the best part of the whole evening and she wanted that cock back inside her. Straddling his shaft, she hovered above his cock, adjusting it so that her arse was ready to impale itself on the thick length. Slowly sliding down, she moaned loudly, Ron's moans being muffled but still audible. She sank the entire length inside her without any effort, grunting as her bum cheeks rested against his legs. Throwing her hair back, she smiled at Ron and purred, "You're mine. I'm going to use your cock for my pleasure and my pleasure only. If you cum without me saying, I'll make sure you learn to never do that again. Understood?" Nodding, Ron watched, unable to move as Hermione began to ride him, the girl drifting off into her own realm of pleasure, his cock simply becoming a toy and a means to an end, her cheeks bouncing and clapping together as she rode him at her own speed. The previous fuck was one of the most sensual things Ron had experienced and naturally, his cock was on the edge, readying to explode deep inside her. Knowing that if he unloaded now, Hermione would be diligent in her punishment, Ron gritted his teeth and held out, even as her wand continued to poke at his prostate, rhythmic and constant bursts of pleasure surging through his body. She knew how close he was to his end and was silently hoping that he would let loose and cum deep inside her, affording her the opportunity to really punish him. However, she had no idea what she was going to do to make him learn. As much as she loved to be dominant, she really didn't take to it as naturally as she would have thought. Sure, pounding and fucking Krum in the woods was one of the best things she had done, but these more controlled and bondage-based fucks were way out of her depth. Bouncing eagerly up and down, Hermione moaned, her hands fondling her breasts as she tried to look as sexy as possible, hoping that Ron would finally unload. Increasing her bounces, she started to slam her hips down, her arse crashing against Ron's legs and echoing through the room, his muffled groans becoming more and more restrained and tense. His cock was incredibly sensitive, practically on the edge of relief as she used him for her own pleasure. He could feel the pressure building in his balls as her ass pushed into them again and again. He could swear she was tightening and clenching herself in an attempt to make him cum quicker, but Ron was adamant to withstand it. Even as his body began to glow with a glossy layer of sweat, he held off, watching happily as Hermione's hand wrapped around her own cock and starting jerk herself off rapidly, hopefully bringing her nearer and nearer to her orgasm and subsequently his. Every time he thought he had it under control, the wand inside his ass would speed up slightly, Hermione doing wandless magic effortlessly whilst still being impaled on Ron's cock, her own prostate pouring pleasure out and across her body as she inched closer and closer. Her previous orgasm had left her body a little more sensitive, her cock being far more pleasurable to the touch. And as much as she wanted to hold out and wait for Ron to cum first so that she could punish him, she simply couldn't. Bouncing up and down, she felt her cock explode in her hand, showering Ron's stomach with cum. As soon as the first drop of cum landed on his stomach, Ron let go, breathing heavily into the gag and relaxing his entire body, his cock twitching and spasming inside Hermione, pumping the young girl to the brim with a long pent-up orgasm, moaning and groaning constantly. Swept away with the euphoria of the moment, Hermione didn't care, letting his cum hard and deep inside her, the pleasure outweighing her desire to punish him. She was just happy to have him back. Bouncing up and down on his cock a few more times, Hermione milked both her and him dry before rolling off him and retrieving her wand from Ron's arse. Wiping it down, she cast a few quick spells, freeing Ron and letting him breath as he sat on the end of the bed looking up at her. "That was intense…" Ron breathed as Hermione slid down beside him, resting her head on his shoulder, a soft smile etching itself across her face as Ron caught his breath, "I mean like more intense than usual, it was properly. Wow… It was definitely something…" "Yeah… What a way to get back into a relationship, eh?" Hermione smirked, feeling Ron pull away and look at her with a quizzical and confused looked, one that made Hermione roll her eyes and laugh inside. "We're getting back together? I mean, I definitely want to, I just wasn't sure this was like… us getting back together and all. I mean, that sounds great," Ron stammered through her words, Hermione wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him into a deep passionate kiss. "I forgot how slow you can be. Just a tip, if your ex-girlfriend ties a big bow around her arse and lets you use her however you want, then dominates you, it might just be a small hint," Hermione smirked before pushing Ron back onto the bed, straddling his waist as their cocks once again began to harden. Author's Note: Hope you guys all enjoyed that! Let me know if you did. I'm always a little unsure about how I write Ron and Hermione; as a pairing and as characters. It's one of the ones that I always feel ends up a bit confused. Hopefully I got right, let me know and all. Another reminder that the Poll for your least favourite chapter is still up and it really helps me figure out what people want and don't. So, if you give a damn about the story, would appreciate a quick couple clicks! And finally, next week! Something we have all been waiting for, the Ring must be retrieved, vengeance must be had and just how many cocks could Pansy Parkinson conceivably take up her arsehole? All that at and more next week! Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope everyone is well. I am pretty excited about this one, but I am going to be upfront and say that if you had problems with the consent situation in 'Chapter 17: At Slytherin's Mercy' then this chapter is not for you. It involves Pansy getting her comeuppance and naturally, she's not going to be all that into it! Just a heads up! Although, if you are interested in story elements, I'd read the first and last chunk. They have separating things. You know the 'IIIIIII' things! I also want to say that if over the next few weeks, I end up not updating the story at any point, don't worry, I'm not abandoning it. There is a high chance that my work will spill over into my free time, so I may not get a chance to update as speedily I usually do. I might have to skip a week or update later than usual. Just wanted to let you know that. Also, the poll is still up for you least favourite chapter! I also want to mention, as per suggestion on one of my other stories, I will be starting a blog (probably on tumblr) in the near future so that people can get updates and I can talk to you guys without having to cram It all into author's notes. I'll probably also post snippets and teases to stories, talk about ideas, post small little stories that don't warrant their own actual stories. Fun stuff! I'll let you all know when that's all set up. I'll also be updating my profile once a month with the basic gist of what's happening and the plans. I'll do that the first of every month, but as we are halfway through a month already, I've just gone and done it for February now. The next profile. update will be on the 1st of March. Without further ado, Pansy finally gets given her due. And it's going to be pretty special! Chapter 30: Retrieving the Ring "She is an absolute snake of a woman. Completely sickeningly vile!" Hermione exclaimed, throwing down the newspaper, readying to tear it to absolute shreds. Harry, Ginny and Ron sat nearby watching her as she furiously read through one of the headline articles and they were all of them bemused as to just how angry she was. Finally letting go of the newspaper, Hermione allowed Ginny to pull the article into hers and Harry's views, their eyes widening. It was another one of Rita's articles. She was lambasting Hagrid for things that sound entirely fabricated and were in fact simply lies born of the thrill of being a newshound. It didn't matter if it was false, as long as it was predicated upon some fabric of reality, it was good enough for her. She had previously done an article explicitly about Hermione, including a rather promiscuous shot of her clinging to Krum as well as Harry, the short skirt she had opted for that day being nothing but suggestive. She had blocked it out, but now that she was back doing her… filthy lies, it stoked a rage in Hermione that wasn't going to be quickly satiated. "Bloody hell… She's not going to stop. She'll come up with absolutely anything," Ron sneered, taking the article and screwing his face up as he read it. It was pretty creative at that and they had to give the woman credit for being able to exposit such down right lies and pass them off as truth. Harry wasn't paying much attention, instead working on a letter that had drifted down from an owl, his name scrawled in scratchy handwriting and a bright red lipstick outline of a kiss emblazoned on the envelope. Hiding it from Ginny, he expected it to be some fluffy anonymous card from an admirer, but it was far more disturbing. Dear Mr Potter, Hey sexy boy. I was wondering if you'd be up for another *quote, unquote* interview. I feel we really did miss the… deep stuff. And I'm sure I'd be able to squeeze in a couple of your friends for second opinions. Just so I can really flesh out the story. Either that or these photos I collected may just slip from my hands and end up on the printing room. I don't want to sound mean and bitter, but my previous interviews were hardly… substantial. Shall we say somewhere public? The Great Hall at Midnight on… Saturday? With love, Rita Skeeter "Well I think it's about to get worse…" Harry sighed, handing the letter over to Hermione and Ginny's whose eyes widened as the read the words. Harry was busy riffling through the envelope for the photos and he withdrew intimate copies of several… encounters. Harry and Ginny having sex in the shower, Ron and Hermione in the Dorm. There was Hermione choking on Harry's cock in the common room as well as eagerly and salaciously treating Viktor Krum to the entire depths of her throat at the Yule Ball. There was Ginny and Neville running naked through the corridors whilst Padma and Parvati pinned Ron in between their thick shafts in one of the classrooms. Even the trio of Hermione, Luna and Ginny all fucking and sucking each other was displayed in photographic evidence, Harry discreetly pocketing the one of the three sexiest women In his life and pushing it into his robes, before saying, "We need to do something about this…" "Let's see? Oh, bloody hell, I don't need to see that!" Ron exclaimed as he picked up a photo and turned it over, instantly throwing it to Ginny. Turning it over, she scoffed and blushed before turning it to face Ron and forcing him to look at it intimately. "To embarrassed to see your sister naked? I'm not too thrilled to see your lumpy body in these," Ginny snapped, throwing the picture back at him as Harry began to scoop the pictures up, intimately aware that this was at breakfast and that anyone could walk by and spy their various intimate poses. "I am entirely alright with you and Harry being a thing, but I do not need the intimacies of your relationship in photographic form," Ron snapped, quickly tucking the photo back into the envelope as Hermione brooded over the proper retaliation, Ron posing the question that was on everyone's mind, "How did she even get those photos? I think I would have remember a scrawny make-up caked lunatic with a camera squatting in the corner of the room?" "Yeah, well to be fair, you didn't even notice that me and Ginny were a thing when we pretty much right in front of you," Harry chuckled, Ginny smiling as Ron bowed his head. He was theoretically okay with them being a couple, but not when it was right in front of him. Harry and Ginny quickly figured that out and used it to the best of their abilities to torture and tease him. However, before Ron could retort, Luna burst into the Great Hall and came running for them, flustered and a little stressed. "Ginny… Erm, I need your help with something… Hermione you could come too. It's quite… important," Luna breathed, exasperated. Ginny's first impression was to check the young girl's crotch, seeing nothing of a bulge. That combined with the fact that she and Luna had a quickie the previous night led her to the conclusion that this wasn't the 'pressing problem' that they all had to deal with and was something else entirely. Leaping to her feet, Ginny followed Luna, Hermione quick in tow leaving Ron and Harry to their own devices. "What do you reckon that's all about?" Ron asked bluntly and looking over to Harry who smirked and bowed his head, making the implication entirely clear. His eyes widened as he turned and looked. Despite being entirely wrong, he still smirked and nodded, "Nice…" "That's your sister, Ron," Harry simply added, Ron bowing his head and blushing as Harry was forced into hysterics, Ron calmly pleading for him to shut up as he laughed loudly. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "I found him in a classroom and I think it's… the person who stole the Ring," Luna said, pushing into the room and letting Ginny and Hermione look at the sight. It was second year boy who had been bent over a table, his asshole gaping as the person who had the Ring let loose. Having tired of the gloryhole, they obviously set their sights on a more intimate experience. It was clear that the boy had consented, a smile stricken on his face even as he slept, obviously exhausted from the rather rough treatment. But the gape to his ass and the imprint of a metal ring around his asshole hinted towards constant repetitive slapping with the ring. A hardcore fuck. "They were certainly liberal with it's use," Ginny said, inspecting the boy who was a Slytherin with an unremarkable name she couldn't even remember. As Hermione pushed into the room, she quickly caught on, realising that she had been under the wrong impression. "Wait, Ginny, you don't have the Ring? That wasn't you in the Gloryhole?" Hermione asked, taking a look at the boy's arse and wincing slightly at the pain that would incur. And yet he seemed delighted and pleased, almost thrilled with the treatment his rear received. Perhaps he was rendered delirious. "I've not been to the Gloryhole in a long, long time," Ginny said, turning to Hermione, confused as to why she thought she would have been. Watching confusedly, Ginny saw Hermione reach into her pocket and pull out a notebook before rifling through the pages, her eyes widening as she read it. "Pansy has the Ring. It was Pansy in the gloryhole," Hermione breathed as she handed the notebook over to Ginny who read down the list of Hermione's previous sexual partners and was baffled by the extensive list she had built up, including teachers, French bombshells (younger and older) and as well as Ginny's own boyfriend. "I don't understand what is this?" Luna asked as she ran her eyes up and down smiling to herself as she read her own entry intimately, silently smirking as she read her own personal fantasy. It made her smile that she could manage to hoodwink an ancient magical artefact. "It's a notebook. You write your name in it and it gives you a list of everyone you've had sex with. It tells you how big they, what they like and don't like as well as fantasies. It's really quite helpful. And here it says that Pansy wants to use her newfound Ring. And when I… sucked her off in the gloryhole, she was wearing that Ring that I thought was you had," Hermione explained pointing out Pansy's name. "You had sex with Professor McGonagall?" Luna added out of the blue, Hermione blushing as she looked at the list and bowed her head. She had been through the book several times, but brushed past McGonagall out of sheer embarrassment, but now confronted with it she found it strangely kinky. "That doesn't matter. We need to get the Ring back. Pansy isn't going to rest after shagging one second year. That and she's proven herself to be somewhat unstable. Do you guys really want to leave her in charge of that Ring?" Ginny stated sternly, her own personal bias towards Pansy given the circumstances of her losing the Ring guiding her words. Handing the notebook back, she strode towards the door and turned to ask, "Are you coming?" That was all they needed to be sold on the idea. Even if it was just an idea. As to how they were getting the Ring, they didn't know, but that was their goal. And they had their target. Pansy Parkinson. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Pansy was rather oblivious to her reckoning. She had taken to avoiding Draco who was on a warpath to find the Ring that was supposedly lost by Ginny by the forbidden forest. Spending most of his days brooding and scouring the forest, Draco left Pansy to her own devices, meaning that she didn't have to worry about hiding the Ring. Most of the time she kept it on, never bothering to actually remove it. By her count, it must have been weeks since she had last taken it off, instead preferring the assured confidence that her cock could easily outmatch anyone in the school. She had taken to indulging in the gloryhole at least every two days, sometimes coercing some of the younger students into satiating her with the promise of seeing her naked. First and seconds years were giddy at the prospect of an older student stripping for them that they became almost complacent when she rutted against them for her own pleasure. However, she found herself less and less able to indulge in those pleasures, resorting her to using the gloryhole for her relief, something she was more than happy to do. Sure, she enjoyed a more intimate environment where she could dominate, but she was fine with a hole in the wall. Which was why, when she returned to her common room and found a letter addressed to her, she was rather wary, but perversely intrigued. It had a distinct perfume about it that was deliciously satiating. Glancing around her, she saw only a group of first years ogling her far more promiscuous attire that she adorned and whispering about one of their friends that supposedly had sex with her. Smirking to herself, she opened the letter, her eyes rolling wide open as she read the frankly salacious and promiscuous writing. Dear Miss Big Cock, I would call you by Pansy, but I think your most notable feature should be your name, especially considering that was the part I got most intimate with a few weeks ago in the gloryhole. It took me a while to track you down, but I'm so glad I did. Because if there is one thing I regret in my life, it's that I didn't let you slide that big… thick… cock of yours into my tight little arse. Fancy satiating your own little butt-slut? Secret Corridor on the seventh floor. Tonight? I'll be waiting, all lubed up. Or not… depends what my Mistress prefers… With love, Your favourite little toy xxx It took Pansy by surprise but caused her cock to twitch within her panties. She had an admirer. A fan. She had, as the letter put it, her very own 'little butt-slut'. It was Pansy's fantasy written on a plate. She would have obviously preferred it to be Draco, but she wasn't going to scoff at the opportunity to have her own little toy to play with. Rushing to her dorm room, she changed into her sexier underwear, making sure that she looked as perfect as possible before waiting till the night time when she strolled through the castle to the secret corridor. Tapping the tiles in the correct order, the door slid open, Pansy sliding immediately inside and glancing around the room. Glancing into both the rooms on either side of the entrance, she saw nothing at all. Moving into the last two rooms, she was baffled by the fact that nobody was there. However, as she turned around she was met with three figures, each of them holding their wands outwards. Before Pansy could draw her wand, Hermione conjured several leather ropes that rushed around Pansy's wrists and ankles, causing the girl to crumble to her knees, exclaiming loudly as she did so, her wand rolling to one side, "You bitches! Let me go!" "Not a chance," Ginny snapped as the three girls slid their wands into their robes. Hermione and Luna turned to Ginny, confused as the redhead slipped her hands up underneath her robes and pulled her panties down around her ankles. Taking her panties, she walked over to Pansy's body and gagged her tightly with her underwear, making sure that the Slytherin could do nothing but grunt and gag, "Right let's find the Ring…" Her hands quickly fumbled over Pansy's body trying to find the Ring, with Luna and Hermione joining swiftly in as Pansy writhed and shook, trying desperately to dissuade them. It was only when her robes hiked up and the thick, protruding cock was revealed that all three girls realised exactly where the Ring was. Pulling her robes upwards, Ginny saw her cock pinned behind a pair of emerald green, lacy panties, the ring bulging around the base as the shaft fought to free itself. "Of course she's wearing it. And I don't particularly want to touch her," Hermione said as Ginny eagerly reached down and tore her panties off. Instead of pulling them downwards, she pulled them upwards into her arse cheeks, the fabric pinching her ass and cock painfully as it strained. Pulled tightly, the fabric finally broke after a painfully and satisfying wedgie, Pansy squealing painfully into Ginny's panties. Bunching up Pansy's torn underwear, she pushed it into the Slytherin's mouth, forcing her to taste her own cock before Ginny leant down to retrieve the ring, a salacious a greedy grin on her face. "I don't mind touching the bitch!" Ginny snarled, spanking Pansy's thighs and causing her to squirm painfully as the sensitive flesh rippled and turned red raw. Pinching Pansy's cock head, she watched the Slytherin writhe in pain, silently relishing the discomfort she could provide the girl. "Ginny? What the hell? That's a bit… excessive?" Hermione said, pulling Ginny away, ignoring the twitch in her own panties as the opportunity to properly dominate someone presented itself to her. She kind of wanted to bend Pansy over her knee and spank until the girl liked it. It would be a just punishment for all the shit she's put everyone through the years, but Ginny was malicious almost furious in her approach. It was quite startling. "She… tied me down and tortured me. And put her massive cock inside me. I don't care, I'm going to enjoy some well-mannered revenge," Ginny explained, calming herself and approaching the situation a little more dignified. Instead of lunging at her like a wild animal, she reached down and playfully began to rub the girl's thigh, massaging the red raw flesh before administering a well-deserved slap. "She keeps calling me Loony. And she keeps trying to lift my robes up in front of people. She spanked me once and everyone laughed. It became a thing. See who can spank Loony Lovegood the hardest without her seeing you come," Luna interjected, understandably annoyed with the girl lain before her. It seemed like a strange and perverse form of justice and she wanted to indulge her rougher side. "Fine… Just… Don't become her," Hermione pleaded before conceding and helping Luna and Ginny carry the Slytherin into one of the bedrooms, flinging her down onto the bed. Hermione still unsure, watched as Luna and Ginny stripped the girl naked, ripping her clothes to shreds before running their hands across her naked and exposed body. Turning her head, Hermione decided, "I'll keep watch…" "You sure? I reckon she could do with three cocks inside. Depends if we decide to take different holes," Ginny smirked, Luna exhilarated at the idea. She was finally getting to be a little kinkier. She and Ginny had always wanted to try bondage and were planning on, but Pansy beat the blonde to it. And Ginny was hardly open to the idea after the rough and unnecessary treatment she receive at the hand of the Slytherin. But now, she was at their mercy. And the two girls were going to make the most of the situation. Ginny's hands found Pansy's tits, small and inconsequential things that were barely a handful. Just comparing her own body with the Slytherin's was enough to make Ginny moan. It was a simple pleasure to admit you had bigger tits, a bigger cock or a nicer arse. And Ginny could beat the Slytherin on any of those three fronts. Well, when she wasn't wearing her Ring. Crossing over to the dresser than contained all of the sexually promiscuous bondage toys, Ginny riffled through and found a pair of ordinary nipple clamps, attached by a chain. Clipping them onto Pansy's nipples, Ginny hooked a finger beneath the chain and pulled it upwards until the clamps began to tug on Pansy's sensitive nubs. Pulling them to the point where a soft moan of begrudged pleasure came of her lips, Ginny then continued until Pansy was gritting her teeth, her nipples starting to stretch with a faint red hue glowing on her breast. Taking her wand, she wrapped a leather rope around the chain and attached it to the roof, puling it upwards until Pansy's back was forcibly arched, the girl having to support herself on her head in order to stop the pain of her nipples being stretched and pulled. Grunting into the gag, she turned and looked at Ginny who was enjoying the discomfort the older girl was in. It wasn't enough to cause harm, but enough to make her squirm with painful discomfort. And she wasn't showing her glee, instead keeping a stern and straight face as she revelled in the girl's new position. Slightly suspended. Luna's interest came to her thick cock. Grasping the ring, she tried to slide it up and along Pansy's cock but found herself unable to move it. Unbeknownst to either of them increased use had some side effects. The cock had almost embedded itself into her cock, becoming a part of her shaft. Breathing in, Luna and Ginny both realised that Pansy needed to cum for them to dislodge the Ring and neither of them wanted to give her the satisfaction of relieving her cock the natural way. Deciding to exercise Pansy's arse a little earlier than they had intended, Luna and Ginny both gave each other a nod and slowly began to undress themselves, hastily removing their robes. Dropping their underwear, the started to jerk themselves off, each of them dribbling a mouthful of saliva down onto their length, primarily for their benefit and not for Pansy's. With her back arched, Pansy gave Ginny enough room to slide underneath her and lift her arse up into the air slightly, applying a little more pressure to her nipples with Pansy gritting her teeth in response and not giving them the satisfaction. With her cockhead pressed against Pansy's well used arse, Ginny slid inside easily, moaning loudly as Pansy's tight and sumptuous arse wrapped itself snugly around her cock, gently massaging her length as she pulled Pansy's hips down onto her cock, burying her entire length inside the older girl. Draco had made sure that Pansy could handle a cock and so her asshole barely even flexed as Ginny slid herself in, the young redhead, slamming her cock in and out a few times in an attempt to loosen her for what was about to come. Jerking her cock to a lubed shimmer, Luna watched Ginny warming up the Slytherin's arse, savouring the way Pansy screwed her face up and tried to quieten the lusty moans that were building behind her lips. Even as she tried, a few groans of pleasure echoed behind the muffled sound of underwear, her prostate being forced through wave after wave of pleasure that she was begrudgingly accepting and unwillingly enjoying. Giving her partner in crime a nod, Ginny watched as Luna spread Pansy's legs, admiring the tight flexing hole that was her arse, Ginny's cock pushing slowly in and out. Grinding to a halt, she allowed Luna to press the tip of her cock against the girl's arse, Pansy finally cluing in as to the girl's intentions. Wiggling her arse, trying desperately to shake Luna away, Pansy was silenced as Ginny pulled her body downwards slightly, applying more pressure to her nipples and rendering her complicit as she felt the sensitive nubs burn with painful pleasure. Pushing her tip against Pansy's immensely tight hole, Luna tried her best get the angle and worm her tip inside but found Pansy's hole to still be fighting her. Wrapping her fingers around her cockhead, she used the digits to spread Pansy's arse as she pushed the head in, finally easing the fat tip of her cock inside Pansy's tight arse, the older girl squealing as her hole stretched and spasmed painful, the girl wincing as Luna slowly began to ease her cock inside, Ginny and Luna sharing a deep and lustful groan as their cocks were plunged into an immense hole of pleasure. It was tight. Really tight. And Ginny and Luna simply had to take a moment to savour the tightness of Pansy's arsehole before Luna took a hold of Pansy's thin, bony legs and started to thrust forwards. As soon as Luna's tip had entered her, Pansy had no hopes of stopping the oncoming cocks and Luna had unbarred access to the tightest depths of her arse. Ginny waited patiently, enjoying the friction of having Luna's cock grinding up against hers, a sensation they indulged in often when jerking each other off, but this time it was all sandwiched by Pansy's tight, warm, flexing asshole. It took a moment, but eventually Luna eased her entire cock inside Pansy, the Slytherin groaning in pain, even though her prostate had never felt pleasure like this. The pressure of having two cocks pressing down on her prostate was incredible, but it was dissipated by the pain of tight ring stretching and the bitter sting that left her hole with. Ginny and Luna didn't care, their cockheads pressed snugly together and leaking pre-cum into Pansy's little hole, lubricating her depths for the hard fucking that was about to come. Despite her best efforts, Pansy couldn't stop her own cock from twitching, beads of pre-cum pouring from her cock and rolling down her shaft, streaking her forced arousal from her body. She wanted to scream every obscenity she could imagine at the two girls, but her own panties silenced anything to meaningless growls of displeasure, growls that Ginny relished and revelled in. Neither girl was entirely well versed with double penetration and both of them were unsure as to whether one person drew their cock out, both of them did or whether they took turns, alternating. Not wanting to give Pansy the impression they didn't know what to do, they winged it; much to their pleasure and Pansy's discomfort. Simultaneously, the drew their hips backwards, sliding a couple inches out of Pansy's arse, the older girl suddenly breathing in, the pain pulling at her nipples becoming nothing but a bother as the two girls ruined her arsehole. If Draco decided to shag her, she'd be ruined. And both girls relished this fact. "I knew Malfoy would have his prized whore trained well. I bet he rents you out like a good and proper slut. You act like you are the Queen of Slytherin around school, but behind closed doors he has you choking on dick like the whore you are," Ginny taunted, the grin on her face widening as Pansy lobbied a number of muffled insults at her, spurring Ginny to hammer her cock home, started to fuck Pansy with as much fervour as possible, whilst Luna opted for a more slow and sensual pace, gently easing her cock in and out, silently observing her the older girl's asshole stretched and flexed. She was always quietly interested in the idea of double penetration and was thrilled to see it person. All her furious thoughts about vengeance were replaced with a perverse and dreamy curiosity as she lazily fucked Pansy's rear end, perfectly and unwittingly counterbalancing the pleasure of Ginny's hard and deep mentality. The two built up their own rhythm, Pansy's body twitching as her cock poured pre-cum. She did her best to hold off her orgasm, but silently knew that it would only prolong the hard fucking of her arse. But even then, she knew that given them the satisfaction would only spur them onto some other demented form of torture, the irony of her thoughts going entirely over Pansy as she began to gleam with sweat and became rigid. Feeling every ridge of Luna's cock grinding against her own was incredible for Ginny and every time the sensitive, bulbous tips of their cocks met, a burst of pleasure flooded through both their bodies, goosebumps rising from the redhead's body. The irregular slaps of their balls filled the room, Ginny's hard and deeper with Luna's being a soft, but purposeful after thought. The grunts and moans were incredibly arousing, so much so that the conscientious Hermione stood by the doorway, not 'keeping watch' for anyone else, but instead vapidly and lustfully watching the treatment they were giving Pansy's tight, deserving arse. Her hand had dropped beneath her robes and was fondling her cock, her panties pulled to one side and her shaft blatantly in view. She had no reason to hide her arousal, but she was a little worried about Ginny becoming Pansy, torturing her. But even as those doubts rose in her mind, Hermione couldn't deny how appetising that girl's arse looked, speared on two different cocks. The way it stretched and flexed was delightful. And Pansy deserved it, by Merlin she deserved it. After what she did to Ginny and the teasing and taunting she inflicted on Luna. Not to mention the many times she had called Hermione a mudblood and other slanderous terms. If anyone deserved to be bound and sexually used, it was Pansy. And as all these thoughts entered Hermione's head, there was one that she couldn't quite shake, one that was more perverse than all the rest, one that led her to slowly start taking her robes off. Unclasping her bra and dropping her panties, she bit her lip and thought: She could take three cocks in there, right? Slowly advancing on the trio, Hermione tapped Luna on the bum and forced her to shuffle forwards, positioning herself above Pansy as she slid her cock inside, allowing Hermione a small window of space. Luna figured out what she was going to do and watched with a perverse curiosity, wondering just if Pansy could handle it. Ginny felt a shift on the bed, slowing her thrusts and looking confused. And then, she felt another cockhead press itself against both Luna's and Ginny's cock, seeking to slide in between them and deep into Pansy's arse. Grinning, Ginny stopped entirely and held Pansy in place, the older girl not aware as to what was happening considering how Hermione wasn't actually stretching her arse, but instead wriggling in between Luna and Ginny, subsequently forcing them to spread her ass wider. It was too late when Pansy felt it, her asshole stretching tighter and tighter. Unable to stop it, she bit her lip and waited for Hermione's fat cock head to push inside. And then… it did. Pansy squealed into her gag, the shriek filling the room even though it was muffled. The three other girls barely even noticed as their collective groans of pleasure were louder than Pansy's outburst. It was incredible. They had their cocks sandwiched in such a deliciously tight hole that was growing even tighter the deeper Hermione pushed inside. The friction of being so tightly pinned between Ginny and Luna's thick, fat cocks was deliciously sumptuous, Hermione eagerly pushing forwards to claim more and more of her tight depths. It took a little work, but eventually Hermione wriggled her cock inside, her balls smacking, and Ginny's cock and her crotch being pressed snugly against Luna's balls. Savouring the immense tightness of her hole, the three girls didn't dare move, knowing that any clumsy attempt at hammering their cocks in and out of her would result in one of their cocks being pushed out. Instead, the kept still the tight throbbing nature of her rear end, combined with the pulsating pleasure emanating from each of their cocks was pleasurable enough. Luna was the first to move, slowly easing a couple inches out of Pansy's arse before gently easing them back in. Even if she wanted to, the newfound position didn't exactly boast the perfect angle for a deep and hard fuck, forcing the trio to savour a slow and deep fuck. Not that it wasn't as pleasurable. Hermione joined her, gently pulling a couple inches back and forth, the soft and gentle smack of their balls filling the room. Ginny didn't need to move, instead claiming her pleasure from Hermione's movements, her fat cock massaging her own shaft whenever the bushy-haired girl moved. It was a pleasurable amalgamation of flesh and one that was constantly attacking Pansy's prostate with unwitting pleasure. Grunting, Pansy did her best to ignore the pain of having her asshole stretched immensely, the constant waves of pleasure not being enough to mitigate the painful sting. She could feel her cock beginning to twitch, getting closer and closer to her orgasm. Starting to speed her thrusting up, Hermione unwittingly set Pansy off, her cock starting to twitch and spasm. Cumming hard, Pansy felt several long strands of cum paint her stomach, her cock remaining hard, but softening just enough that the ring began to slowly slide down her length. Smiling, Luna grabbed the ring and pulled it clean away from Pansy's cock, the older girl wriggling to try and keep her most trusted and prized trinket. Watching as Pansy's cock shrivelled back down to her usual four-inch length, her cock slowly softening, Luna couldn't help but stifle a laugh as she clambered off Pansy and stood beside the bed. Watching her two friends pounding Pansy's arse, Hermione being able to quicken her pace without Luna to obstruct her, Luna wiped down the ring and smiled, "Looks like we got what we came for." "Is that so? I doubt we can just leave Pansy like this though. She must be feeling really embarrassed that she hasn't properly dealt with the three of us. We can't leave her with something like that on her conscience," Ginny smiled pulling herself out of Pansy's arse and giving her nipple clamped nipples a playful tweak, Pansy wincing as she did so. Strutting around to Luna, Ginny wrapped her arms around the blonde's waist, gently pawing at her butt as Hermione finished her pounding and joined the other two, "Any suggestions, Hermione?" "Well…" Hermione smirked, completely and utterly falling prey to the lusty prospect of dominating Pansy entirely. Opening the cupboard of toys, she found something that set her heart a flutter. Plucking it from it's place, she strolled around to Pansy and fastened the collar around her neck, slowly undoing the clamps and letting her fall back against the bed. She kept the metal clamps on her nipples, but they were no long suspended to the roof, giving Pansy as chance to breathe as Hermione undid her bonds, allowing her legs and arms free. Moving to attack Ginny, Hermione tugged on the collar around the Slytherin's neck, the leash holding her in place before Hermione's hand firmly and roughly spanked the girl's pert arse cheeks, "Now, now, now, are you going to behave?" A barrage of muffled slurs burst from Pansy's lips as she tried to turn around. Straddling Pansy's back, Hermione pinned her in place, the other two girls' lazily jerking each other's cocks of whilst watching Hermione's pure dominatrix side unleash itself. Using her collar, Hermione tugged Pansy's head back, her other hand readying to spank her arse firmly. Grunting through her own panties, Pansy received another flesh rippling slap, the girl gritting her teeth as she stared at Hermione angrily. Curbing her emotions, Pansy looked at her sternly, the silence prompting Hermione to slowly untie the panties, allowing Pansy to talk freely, which she exercised immediately, "If you fucking bitches don't let me go, I'll hex your fucking arses into next year…" He violent outburst was soon remedied, by Hermione spanking her. Once for each word she screeched at her, the Slytherin's bum turning a rich and rosy red as each spank hurt more and more. Gritting her teeth, she opened her lips to say something only for Hermione to give her another slap. Keeping her lips closed, she earned Hermione's favour, the bushy-haired girl smiling. "Now that wasn't very nice of you and I think you've offended my friends. So, I want you to go and give them a sloppy little kiss. Can you do that?" Hermione stared Pansy down for a good minute before Pansy finally conceded, shuffling out from underneath Hermione. Pushing herself up onto her feet, the Slytherin was swiftly tugged backwards, the collar biting into her neck and briefly winding her. Confused, she turned, frothing at the mouth and ready to slap Hermione before realising that if she did, she'd be in for a world of pain. Hermione grasped her wand and quickly cast a spell, restraining Pansy's hands behind her back, a smile on her face as the bushy-haired girl purred a single and succinct order, "Crawl… Like the bitch you are…" Stopping herself from reacting, Pansy gritted her teeth and conceded, slowly crawling along the bed before sliding down onto the floor. Clumsily, she crawled over to Luna and Ginny, all while Hermione kept a tight hole on her leash, her fingers exploring the cabinet of toys for her next indulgence. Procuring a long leather horsewhip, she smiled before striding over to Pansy, letting the leather tip of the whip gently caress her bright red arse. Kneeling in front of Luna and Ginny, Pansy begrudgingly allowed them to point their cocks towards her face. Glancing back at Hermione, she sighed to herself before leaning forwards and puckering her lips. Starting with Luna, she gave the thick and bulbous tip of the younger girl's shaft a long kiss, the taste of her own arse lingering on her lips as Luna smiled down at her, silently revelling in the older girl's sultry grovelling. Pulling away, she turned to Ginny and pressed her lips against her throbbing head, lingering for a moment and allowing the redhead to take grip on the back of her head and force her lips down her length, groaning pleasurably as Pansy's spasming and gagging throat fought her. Tightening her throat, Pansy refused to swallow, not wanting to give Ginny the satisfaction of the lustful depths of her throat. Fighting against her grip, Pansy felt a sharp spank crack across her ass, the sudden strike causing her to arch her back. Not willing to give in that easily, Pansy kept her throat locked up, Ginny constantly thrusting forwards, prodding at the entrance to her throat, smacking the back of her mouth again and again, saliva starting to build up in the Slytherin's mouth due to her reluctance to swallow. Dribbling down her chin, she ignored the second spank to her arse, several more coming in quick succession as Ginny's thrusting became more and more fervent, desperate to force Pansy to choke on her cock. Pounding backwards and forwards, Ginny tried to force her way through, but Pansy remained unrelenting, even as whips and spanks littered her arse, her flesh stinging again and again. Although, unbeknownst to her, the defiance made Hermione smirk. "Come on. You're giving my friends a pretty bad impression. Not the kind of impression a brand-new bitch wants to give? Open wide and swallow like the Slytherin slut you are," Hermione coaxed, straddling her back and hunching down by her face, her lips an inch away from the Slytherin's. Not listening to Hermione, Pansy felt the Gryffindor's hands clasp her cheeks, her fingers slipping into her mouth and slowly prying her lips apart, stretching them so that her lips no longer remained tightly wrapped around Ginny's cock, "Come on. Be a good little slut and I might let you cum later. If you don't, I'll have to round up everybody you've ever bullied and insulted and allow them to come have a go on Slytherin's prized whore… You'll be busy weeks and won't be walking straight till next Christmas. So be a good little bitch and swallow Ginny's delicious cock…" The wet slurping sounds of Pansy gagging filled the room, no longer muffled by her lips and instead being guttural and throaty. Unable to resist Ginny's pushing, Pansy finally gave in, her throat expanding as Ginny's cock sliding almost all the way in. Gagging and spluttering, she choked on Ginny's cock, the shaft being roughly forced deeper and deeper, Hermione's grip on her lips being as painful as it was accessible. It allowed Ginny to look down Pansy's throat as she fucked it, the Slytherin dribbling and drooling as saliva poured down her and chin and onto the floor. Forcing the last couple inches into Pansy's throat Ginny groaned, Hermione's hand sweeping the redhead's balls into her hand and slipping them inside Pansy's spasming and stretched lips, finally letting go of Pansy as she gagged and spluttered around Ginny's cock and balls, Ginny groaning loudly as the pleasurable sensation filled her body, a groan of approval leaving her lips, "That's a good slut…" "You know girls… I had a thought. If she could fit the three of us in her tight little bubble butt, surely, she can fit more than one in her little throat. And I doubt my little bitch will disapprove. What do you say to that, bitch?" Hermione purred, looking down at Pansy as she choked on Ginny's cock, her throat visibly convulsing as she forced herself to breathe through her nose. Not relieving her throat of her cock, Ginny waited for Pansy's response, the young Slytherin finally realising that she was in for this and there was no point in fighting it. Gently nodding her head with her lips and cheeks bulging, Pansy conceded, much to Hermione's glee, "That's a good girl. Let's see if we can't get you in there as well, Luna…" "Shall I put this on? I don't want to lose it," Luna smiled dreamily, lifting the ring up and asking her question with complete sincerity. She had been worrying about dropping it and had almost entirely zoned out on Ginny and Hermione's treatment to Pansy. "Oh yeah. I think Pansy needs to apologise for stealing from you two and what better way," Hermione suggested, taking the role of dominant in this situation, completely fuelled by the lust of the situation and a strange cathartic allure. It was like she wasn't herself and it was enthralling. Nodding in agreement, Ginny took the ring from Luna and helped her by sliding it along her cock, the blonde's shaft bulging and growing to the enormous size, lumbering heavily between her legs. Plucking her balls out from Pansy's lips, Ginny watched the young girl's lip go glossy with saliva, trails of the spittle connecting her mouth and her slick balls. Hermione resumed her position, prying apart Pansy's lips to allow Luna a little wiggle-room to get the tip of her cock inside. It took some work, Pansy's lips contorting and stretching painfully to wrap around her cockhead, but eventually, she gave away, Luna's fat head slipping inside her mouth, the older girl's cheeks bulging full of delicious throbbing cock. Gargling, Pansy's eyes bulged as Luna slowly thrusted forwards, her mouth stretching to accommodate her eager probing tip. As the head forced itself against the back of her throat, Pansy tried to stop her from going further, but found she didn't need to, he egregiously thick tip being unable to get any deeper. But that didn't stop Luna from trying, with Hermione and Ginny's help and in Pansy's confident complacency, she found her throat giving way. Her eyes almost leapt out of her head as Luna's cockhead, slipped past her throat, the bulge in her throat growing wider and wider as a thicker length slowly began to slide down it, completely cutting off Pansy's air supply as she choked and gargled around their cocks. Luna only managed to get a few inches deeper before she started to gently slide her cock back and forth, savouring he tightness that Ginny's cock gave Pansy's throat. Letting go of Pansy's lips, Hermione turned around and started to spank her arse, gently at first, before getting harder and more forceful. She also felt Ginny slide a finger deep inside her arse, Hermione moaning at the simple pleasure. It was a small comfort, even though she really wanted to experience the tightness that Pansy's throat surely was. Ginny didn't need to move, Luna's short and brief thrusts being more than pleasurable, interwove with brief grunting gargles from Pansy as her throat clenched and spasmed around their shafts. Pansy was offered a few brief moments to catch her breath, being able to breath just enough to continue as her throat was used by the two girls, their moans filling the room. She felt the sharp spanks from Hermione ringing through her ass, her bright red bum, stinging with the slightest and even most tender of touches. As she began to turn blue, Ginny and Luna finally let up, sliding their cocks out of her mouth and allowing her to fall forwards and catch her breath. Joining Ginny and Luna, Hermione stood in between them as Pansy fell forwards in front of them. Lifting her head up, Hermione smiled and asked, "What do you say, bitch?" "Th… tha… thank… thank… y… you… thank-you," Pansy spluttered much to Hermione's happiness. Sliding her hand around Luna's cock, Hermione pulled the ring slowly along it before placing it on her own cock, relishing the thick heaviness of her length. It was like a club. As Pansy dutifully lifted herself back onto her knees, Hermione severed the bonds that kept her hands tied, trusting in her obedient little slut after her training. "I think me, and the girls would like some relief. Make us cum, bitch," Hermione ordered, the words coming from her lips but being entirely someone else's. Or at least a different version of herself. Nodding dutifully, Pansy's hands lifted themselves to Luna and Ginny's cock, quickly jerking their slick and glossy lengths, the two girls moaning loudly as her hand started to bring them to their end. All three of them were nearing their orgasm, the eroticism and pleasurable nature of what they had done to Pansy bringing them close to their orgasm. Even Hermione who had been spanking and ordering Pansy around was close to cumming simply because of how kinky the experience was. And so, when Pansy stooped her neck to envelop the tip of Hermione magically engorged cock, Hermione moaned loudly, her cock singing as she held her orgasm off, wanting to shower Pansy alongside Ginny and Luna, just like the little slut she was. Sliding her lips along three inches of Hermione's cock, Pansy did her best to angle her throat, being quite unable considering her hands were indisposed. As best she could, she bobbed her head up and down Hermione's cock, feeling her length throb in her mouth, readying to explode. It was Ginny who went first, her cock twitching in her hand. Continuing to jerk the redhead off, Pansy angled it towards her face, knowing that she would be reprimanded for not doing so. Several long strands hit her face, painting her a sticky white, quickly aided by Luna's cock, covering her from the other side, leaving her a glossy white mess. Hermione spurted down her throat, cum pouring into Pansy's mouth, the Slytherin eagerly swallowing before Hermione pulled her cock out and slipped the ring off her shaft, her cock slowly softening. "Good little slut. Now back on the bed," Hermione ordered, Luna and Ginny watching as Hermione read their minds. Who would they be to not let others savour in the pleasures that they had so readily enjoyed. Clambering back onto the bed, Pansy felt her legs and arms get tugged away from her, restrained to each post on the bed, leaving her spread eagle with her arse in the air, the perfect position for a good little whore to be used. At least in Hermione's position. Another quick spell and a gag and blindfold rendered her entirely at another person's mercy. Maybe Hermione would come back and train her little toy some more. Slowly dressing themselves, the three girls turned and left with the ring in tow. Yet the further they went from the corridor, the more the guilt built. What they had done was horrific. Sexy, hot, but downright wrong. Even though it had been so salaciously brilliant, it was… not right… IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "We need to get rid of this…" Hermione said as Ginny and Luna slid down into their chairs, the ring sitting in the middle of the table, taunting them. It was a strange allure that it had and one that had consumed Hermione and provoked her into the lustful treatment of Pansy. Even though she relished what she had done to Pansy and silently wanted to do it again, she could relegate those thoughts to simple fantasises. It was like the ring took those inhibitions away. It made those fantasies become all that mattered. It was bizarre, strange and dangerous. "Agreed. I can't believe we did that. It was hot and… but, we were as bad as Pansy was," Ginny agreed. It was strange. She wanted the Ring back the most and was the most into the punishment they gave Pansy and even in her guilt she didn't want to go back and free her in the slightest. But the demeaning things they did to her were cruel and almost shameful, even if they made her cock twitch and would be what she undoubtedly pictured the next time she had herself balls deep in someone. "But how? It's not like wrackspurts, we can't just make it disappear," Luna added, passing the ring over in her fingers before Ginny took it from her and tucked it away in a pocket of hers, much to Hermione and Luna's confusion. "I'll look after it until we can find a place to hide it. Somewhere where no one will find it and we can't be tempted. Somewhere that's a secret and guarded or something," Ginny suggested, Luna nodding, Hermione following suit, thinking that she could research something, "But until then, we stay away from the corridor and none of us use the ring? Agreed." Nodding in unison, the three girls parted, confident and almost righteous in their new path. No one could have the ring, but that didn't mean that Ginny couldn't give it a final goodbye. And she knew exactly what she was going to do, and it was going to be quite the pleasurable endeavour. Author's Note: I hope you all enjoyed that. Sometimes, I wondered if I was too rough with Pansy, but she deserved it and the girls needed some vengeance. Also, don't worry about the Ring, even though the characters might want rid of it, I hardly doubt fate will keep it out of someone's hands. Besides, Harry knows nothing about the Ring, does he? Also, Pansy's punishment is far from over. She's betrayed more than just out favourite leading ladies… Either way, a reminder that the poll is still open for least favourite chapters. That will be removed next week! Also, check out my profile for news and updates for other stories. Next week… With the Second Task still fresh in our minds, there are some thanks to be had. And my, oh, my the French do know how to treat their guests… They do indeed…
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope you are all well. And today… well, today I have a treat for you. I think it's safe to say that our French beauties are a lot of people's favourite part of this story and today they get yet another chance to shine. And I have a lot planned for those sumptuous ladies. But who will they be treating, I hear you ask? Well, none other than Harry and Ginny. They have to say thank you somehow! I don't have much else to say as I am pretty excited to get going. I however, do have one thing to say. I am planning the end of the story, so I am opening up for suggestions as to what you guys would like to see. So, leave a review with your ideas and what you want to see, and I might just work it in! I'm going to have the plan finalise for next week, so this is the last chance for suggestions! Also, considering how I am pretty busy this week and the original plan for this chapter had it stretching beyond 10,000 words, I've decided to split it into two chapters. It'll probably be around the same length, but it makes it easier for me as I don't have to plan a new chapter for next week, it'll just be a continuation of this one, so all in all It makes my life easier. You guys don't have to worry about that, but that's that. Plenty smut for you guys to read so no need to worry! With that out of the way, enjoy! Chapter 31: A French Feast Pt.1 The Vault of Aphrodomina can only be entered after penance has been paid. A dame from each Hogwarts House must present themselves to earn the favour of our fair Mistress. Whilst access to the vault may be granted, the inner sanctum of the Vault remains locked until a worthy set of dames present themselves alongside the lost pieces of the puzzle to the inner judgement. I am not allowed to divulge the secrets of our fair maiden, but access to the Vault and it's many secrets must be earnt by penance. Beatrice Bellamy, Aphrodomina's Dame of Hufflepuff "Interesting…" Hermione mused quietly, pouring through a small book as she sat curled by the fire, Harry and Ron hopelessly trying to push their way through their homework, each one of them as baffled as the other. She had been spending the day in search of some way to get rid of the ring and during her research of the illustrious Aphrodomina, a solution presented itself. If they could get into the Vault, then they would be able to easily hide the Ring. As far as they were aware, no one else was aware of the Vault and no one apart from Hermione had the slightest idea of how to get through into the Vault itself. "Hermione? One question…" Ron interjected, leaning into her peripheral vision and waving a page of parchment towards her, confused about the instructions that the Potions textbook laid out. It was absolutely baffling to the young boy and even Hermione conceded that it wasn't the easiest homework. "Just the one? At this point, I've counted seven questions?" Hermione smirked, folding the book and taking the piece of parchment from Ron. Lifting a quill, she started to swiftly scratch at Ron's mistakes, crossing out words and fervently replacing Ron's mistakes, "You are getting Moondew, Moonseed and Morning Dew mixed up." "I am?" Ron said, peering over Hermione's shoulder as she pointed out the misplaced words. Harry's attention however, turned towards the portrait as it slid open and Ginny eagerly bounded into the room, a letter in her hand. She flung herself over the sofa and wrapped her arms around Harry, a massive grin on her face as she waved the letter in face, practically smearing Harry's face with it. "Guess what?" Ginny smiled, kissing him on the cheek, much to Ron's dismay. Taking the letter from Ginny, Harry read it, his eyes widening as his eyes darted across the fancy and elegantly crafted words. Before he could react, Ginny smirked and summarised, in a faux French accent, "Madam Delacour has invited us to eat with her in her quarters and 'hopes we shall join her for a night of celebration' as thanks for our daring rescue." "My daring rescue," Harry clarified before handing back the note to Ginny. It was a little suspect, but he was hardly going to turn down such an offer. Especially with the rather magnificent rumours floating around the school about Fleur and her sister. Harry also had a bone to pick with her about her deceit at the beginning of the Task, leaving him blue-balled and tied to a rock, "I'm not sure an evening of French food is very appetizing." "I don't know. When Gabrielle gave it to me, I don't think the subject of cuisine was on her mind," Ginny smirked as Ron and Hermione joined the conversation, both of them keeping silent about their experiences with the French dames, despite Harry and Ginny's intimate knowledge of both their forays. "I doubt they are inviting you around for a shag. I mean, the French do have quite high respect for themselves. Even though Fleur is a little… forwards, I doubt she would be so prolific to invite you to her cabin to fuck via her little sister and a written note," Hermione said, returning to her book, a salacious smirk on her face as even she struggled to convince herself of what she was saying, "All I'm saying is don't arrive at their door with your pants down. But put some nice underwear on." "Ah, so you aren't putting it past them? What do you reckon Harry, something frilly?" Ginny chuckled, gently nudging Harry as Ron carefully averted eye contact with his younger sister, all the while a smirk began to stretch itself across his face. "Definitely lace. You look better in lace," Harry said, Ron instinctively kicking him in response, forcing a giggle from Hermione and Ginny. Bowing his head, Harry silently apologised, before Hermione piped up once more. "Do guys not think it's weird that this has become normal? I mean, none of us even batted an eye at the idea that two French sisters would invite you two round for a shag? Last year, you two would have exploded if either of us even showed some skin," Hermione smirked, Ron vehemently opposing the idea. "Nah. We wouldn't have exploded. Raised an eyebrow in curiosity, maybe," Ron smirked, nudging Harry as if for approval. It was certainly something special to consider. The normalcy of their lives was quite spectacular, and Harry couldn't quite believe how far he had come since the Quidditch World Cup. He would have fainted at the idea of Hermione and Ginny having sex with each other, but now it was simply another part of a normal day. A fucking hot normal day, but a normal day nonetheless. "Ron, you still explode when I dare to even roll my sleeves up. I'm surprised you haven't fainted after all this talk about me having sex. Me and Fleur getting all hot and bothered, eh?" Ginny smirked, Ron turning his head and blushing a deeper and deeper red, Ginny grinning as she teased him, "Anyways I need to go get ready. I'm thinking… red lace? Or maybe black. I don't know, but Ron? It will definitely be skimpy!" And with that she raced of upstairs, leaving Ron a red and blushing mess at the prospect of his sister in such comprising positions. But yet, it came to both Hermione and Harry's surprise as Ron quietly excused himself, his hands tactfully covering his crotch in a feigned attempt to hide his inert arousal at the idea of his sister and Fleur naked. Ron didn't even know what was getting him hard in the first place. Whether it was Fleur or Ginny, yet even as he tried to convince himself that it was Fleur, he couldn't shake the idea of his sister in a tight, skimpy red lace outfit. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "A shirt seems a little excessive, no?" Harry sneered as he straightened out the shirt he was wearing, annoyed that after an entire day of being stuck in a shirt, he had to wear one for this evening. It was uncomfortable, and he only wore it upon the insistence of Ginny. He had come down in a hoodie whilst she had chosen a nice blouse, the pair of them more incongruous than ever. Finally, she berated him into the shirt and they made their way down to the Beauxbatons Carriage, knocking on the door and waiting patiently for someone to answer. "We have to make an effort. For all we know, we are having a fancy dinner with the Delacours. We can hardly show up in jeans and a T-shirt," Ginny reprimanded as they stood waiting patiently. Though, her concerns were quickly mitigated as Fleur and Gabrielle came to the door, their intentions clear and plainly laid bare. Opening the door, the gave their two guests an early feast for their eyes, their French and buxom bodies. Both of them were completely naked because in their eyes there was no need for secrecy and modesty. They were al adult enough to understand what was going. But it was safe to say it took Harry and Ginny by surprise. Especially seeing the two girls entirely without clothing. Harry had been given a brief look at Fleur's perfectly formed and plump breasts and got rather intimate with Gabrielle's petite shaft but hadn't seen either of them in their full glory. There was something wholeheartedly unique about their bodies. Fleur was the epitome of sexuality, her breasts being perfect, her arse carved like marble and her cock the long and thick without appearing obscene. And yet there was still something so delightfully appealing about Gabrielle, even though her smaller and budding chest wasn't as pronounced, her cock wasn't as large, and her arse didn't have that perfectly delicious bounce. They were something entirely else and as they displayed themselves so willingly to their guests, Harry and Ginny couldn't help but share a smile. "Ah, mes amies! You are here," Fleur exclaimed, stepping out of the carriage and feeling the cold bite of the air on her body. The cover of night was enough to keep her lack of modesty from becoming a public attraction. Stepping down, she wrapped her arms around Harry's neck and pulled him in for a deep and passionate kiss, her tongue eagerly exploring his mouth. He was about to pull away out of respect for Ginny, but a glance to his right saw that she was hunched over, Gabrielle's lips pressed just as intimately against hers, the young girl's arms roaming the redhead's body as Ginny eagerly did the same. This prompted Harry to succumb, his hands finding Fleur's hips as she pulled him deeper and deeper into the kiss. Eventually, she pulled away, turning to Ginny and lifting her chin away from Gabrielle's lips and pressing her own against the redheads. Gabrielle slid over to Harry, pulling him down into a second kiss, a show of affection for her daring rescuer. It was a little awkward. She was so young. But then the thought dawned upon him that he had sunk to far more sultry lengths of depravity with the young girl at the bottom of the lake and a kiss hardly mattered. Pulling away from Ginny, Fleur clapped her hands together, "C'est bon! I am very thankful for saving my petit soeur and I am so glad you will allow us to offer up our thanks. We have quite ze evening planned and you shall not be disappointed. Come, come…" "Quite the welcome…" Ginny whispered in Harry's ear as Gabrielle took her hand and led the redhead into the carriage, Fleur taking Harry's hand and ushering him alongside his girlfriend. The four of them walked through a large entrance hall and up into the higher floors. Walking along the next corridor, the arrived at a small dorm room, in which the other French women resided, though they had given the Delacours the privacy of the entire carriage for the evening and took advantage of Madam Maxine's evening with Hagrid. "As you can see, we have ze whole Carriage to ourselves. So, we don't have to worry about disturbing anyone and can be as… engaged as we like. However, before we get to ze dining room, I suggest zat you have a drink of zis," Fleur smiled, bending over at the waist and flashing Harry and Ginny a look at her tight constricted arsehole, framed by the glorious globes that were her arse cheeks. She lifted up a small silver platter, upon which sat four shot glasses, filled to the brim with rich green liquid, "I shall no beat around ze bush az no doubt you have caught on to ze French way of saying thanks. Zis is a French… delicacy. A virility potion so that we might… savour the entirety of ze evening and no just ze burst of passion." "Elegantly put," Ginny smiled coyly, taking her glass and eagerly chugging it down her throat, swallowing it and feeling the immediate effects down below, her panties tightening almost instantly. Gasping, she closed her thighs instinctively, but not before Fleur could notice. "Ma petit soeur, why don't you take Ginny to ze dining room and get her comfortable. I have a very personal apology to make to 'arry…" Fleur suggested, Gabrielle swiftly taking one of the shot glasses and swallowing it with ease. The effects weren't nearly as apparent with the young girl as her shaft was already rock hard, but the desire within her cock was brimming as she took Ginny's hand and led her deeper into the carriage. Taking the two remaining glasses, Fleur sat Harry down on a bed and offered him one, a smile on her lips, "Bon Appetit…" "Bon Appetit," Harry smiled rigidly before swallowing the liquid. It was incredibly sweet, more akin to honey than anything else and bore almost a sickly taste about it. Setting the glass down, he felt himself harden almost instantly, the virility aspect being incredibly apparent. But he couldn't shake the situation. Fleur had taken him completely by surprise. Sure, he knew the option of sex was on the table but expected it to be an after-dinner treat, not openly flung upon him at the front door. "Mon ami… Zere is no need to be so nervous. I know, zat this is a shock, but I want to zay thank you for saving my sister. Even though she was not yours to save," Fleur smiled, her arm rubbing Harry's back as he looked at her. It was a strange thing. Perhaps it was the initial sting of the virility potion or something else entirely, but there was a genuineness in Fleur's voice, a twinge of sincerity. She held herself with such a manner that almost exuded subtle fakery. At least in public when surrounded by her classmates. "Do you ever get tired of it? Everyone looking at you dumbfoundedly?" Harry asked, the spur of confidence taking even him by surprise he pulled away from Fleur, Fleur doing the same. The question was one she had answered many times before, but only to herself. "Yes… Ze Veela charm is every bit as helpful as it iz annoying. When everyone looks at you az if zey are in love, how does one know when it iz real. As pathetic and preachy as it sounds. It iz why am so close with my sister. She doesn't care if look like zis," Fleur smirked, leaning backwards, genuinely impressed by the question Harry asked, "Zat is a surprisingly shrewd question from such a young boy. Now wonder Ginny, likes you." "Sorry… It's just a thought I had. You are all people talk about some days. You'd probably turn fifty shades of red if I told you what some of the people in my dorm have said about you," Harry chuckled, Fleur giggling as she reclined on the bed, breathing out and letting herself laugh. "Believe me, I have 'eard it all. How zey would like to fuck me all night and paint my face with zere cum. Zey are always so unimaginative," Fleur giggled, looking at Harry with a keen and acute eye. She was feeling something. Something strange. It was like that time with Hermione. Everything bled away, the façade of the demure French goddess was nothing. It was like a friend. Pushing forwards she slid down onto her knees, keen to indulge in the first of many sessions that night. Working at his trousers, she unbuckled his belt and swiftly began to unzip his trousers, "But zey will have to imagine, whereas you, may enact. As a personal apology for what I did down in ze Lake, allow me to finish what I started…" "You don't ha…" Harry began, only to have his voice stolen from him as her soft and delicate fingers pulled his cock out of his trousers gently wrapping themselves around the base of his shaft. Just the simple touch of her fingers was sensational and as she used her free hand to pull his trousers down, she leaned closer and closer, her glossy and shimmering lips inching nearer and nearer. Her hot breath lingered mere inches away from his thick and throbbing tip, her lips parting and allowing her tongue to push through. Teasing Harry, she kept the slick muscle away from his tip, instead opting to let it glide along her only lips, slickening them for the skilful oral display that was to come. Instead, she simply jerked him off, pumping her hand up and down, slowly but firmly, making sure that each movement milked more pre-cum from his tip, the glistening substance rendering his pulsating head a delicious lollypop. One that Fleur could ignore no longer. Leaning forwards, she parted her lips and took the head of Harry's cock into her mouth, savouring the slick salty taste of his sumptuous tip, relishing the taste of him on her tongue. The last time she had his length in her mouth, it was more about trickery rather than actually enjoying it, but now she had every opportunity to truly lavish and suckle at his cock. Her hand continued to jerk back and forth as her tongue swiftly collected all the pre-cum on his tip, moaning softly as she did so, her gently humming causing Harry's eyes to roll closed. Her tongue curled around the tip of his cock, tracing the pleasure sensitive rim before eagerly starting to suckle, hollowing her lips and turning her mouth into a saliva slickened, sloppy hole. All for Harry's pleasure. Coating his tip in saliva, she angled her head, giving the boy a heart melting wink before plunging her throat downwards, onto his cock, lustily craving every inch of his thick, throbbing cock. She and Gabrielle had spent the whole day practising with toys, the younger Delacour coaching her older sister in the ways of a skilled and intimate deepthroat. Fleur was a quick study, quickly overcoming her clutching and spasming throat. Slowly, but surely, she pushed Harry's cock into her mouth, swallowing easily when the tip of his cock prodded against the back of her throat, begging for access. It took her a moment, but she swallowed the entirety of his cock, her gorgeous lips pressing against the base of his cock, her tongue swirling up and around his cock, darting down and around his bulbous shaft. His throbbing tip was spewing pre-cum deep into her throat, something that she relished, controlling herself and swallowing diligently. Whilst the inside of her mouth and throat were slick with saliva, she made sure that when she pulled her lips back along his cock, that she cleaned the excess away, offering him the pleasure of a slick and sloppy blowjob, but retaining her refined demure appearance. Hollowing her cheeks as she pulled her lips back, she tightened her sumptuous grip on his cock, leaving his cock a neat shimmer, her hand quickly lunging to jerk him steadily, her tongue lavishing his tip once more. Plucking her lips away from his length, she gave his tip a single soft kiss, the caressing touch of her lips being more pleasurable than anyone could imagine. Laying the flat of her tongue against Harry's tip, she swirled it back and forth, before trailing the slick morsel down his length, lapping and licking at every inch of delicious flesh she could. Her hand slid up to his tip, her thumb gently massaging the sensitive bulb of flesh, pre-cum coating her digit as she made sure her tongue licked every possible bit of his cock. Winding her way down to his balls, Fleur took them both into her mouth, tightening her lips around his sack, both her hands jerking his cock off, one gliding up and down his shaft, whilst the other teased and played with his tip. Swirling her tongue back and forth across his sack, coating them and leaving them as glossy and sloppy as she could, keeping them lubricated for her soft massage. Pulling away, she swiftly wrapped her lips around his tip and plunged her lips down his cock, her hand dropping to his balls and massaging the slick handful, whilst she bobbed her head up and down. Starting slowly, she made sure that her tongue was pressed against every inch of his cock as she eased up and down, making sure to swallow his entire length, giving him plenty of time to savour the depth and incredible tightness of her throat and skilled tongue. The hand that was gently massaging his balls was sensational, fiddling and tickling the sensitive sack in a way that made them sing with pleasure, all the while his cock was being submerged in the tightest throat he had experienced. Fleur appeared almost able to tighten and flex her throat around his cock, but that was simply brief moments in which Fleur was forced to stifle a gag. It was something else. Harry's hands tightened and clenched as his cock was treated to a lavishly lush oral massage, saliva gently dribbling down to his balls where it was swiftly massaged into his sack. As much as Harry wanted to lay back and savour it, he couldn't as his eyes were locked onto Fleur, simply enthralled by the beautiful and dignified way she eagerly slurped on his cock, gently pulling herself back and forth, casually giving him a wink which appeared more pleasurable than the blowjob itself. Not to mention that Harry had the best view looking down the small of Fleur's back and towards her perfectly formed arse. He would never tire of seeing those sumptuous cheeks and almost wished she had a tight thong on to frame those plump handfuls perfectly. But it was safe to say that Harry was going to enjoy himself and was eagerly anticipating an opportunity to get intimate with that delectably perfect rear end. Biting his lip, he felt himself nearing what would be the first of many orgasms, his balls dancing beneath Fleur's grip, his tip throbbing and pulsating. Feeling him on the verge, Fleur offered him a sultry cock-filled smile, before pushing her lips down to the base of his cock and relaxing herself, her eyes rolling closed as she began to hum gently, the vibrations causing his cum to bubble closer and closer to the surface. Combined with her insistence on the delicate ball massage and he couldn't hold off any longer. He had thought he ought to warn her he was about to cum, but the horny look in her eyes told him she knew. Groaning loudly, he came deep in her throat, Fleur barely flinching as she tasted the cum and swallowed it like a good little girl. Continuing to slurp and swallow down his cum, she kept massaging his balls until he was drained dry before finally pulling her lips away from his length and playfully smacking them, her face so immaculate that no one would have guessed she had spent fifteen minutes sucking cock. "C'est bon, mon ami," Fleur purred, pushing herself up onto her feet and straddling Harry's crotch, his cock grinding against hers as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in for a deep and passionate kiss. His cock barely had a chance to soften before the virility potion took effect. Pulling away from him, Fleur smiled, "And you willing to kiss even after a blowjob? My, my Ginny is very lucky indeed. Now, strip naked and we can go join your girlfriend and ma petit soeur…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Let's get you naked zen," Gabrielle smiled as she paraded Ginny into the dining room. It was a part of Fleur and Gabrielle's bedroom, with their large bed in the background with a large dining room table in the foreground. However, Gabrielle guided Ginny across to a corner in which sat two massage tables, the implication clear and incredibly exciting. "You are very forwards for such a young girl," Ginny said, not objecting as Gabrielle slowly began to strip the redhead down, working her skirt down to the floor, her tight black lace panties holding her rigid and throbbing cock in place. Taking of Ginny's shoes and socks, Gabrielle helped her with her blouse, leaving nothing but her underwear on. Licking her lips, Gabrielle unclasped the redhead's bra, her plump breasts bouncing free with a soft, sultry jiggle. Finally, she peeled down Ginny's panties, her cock bouncing free and almost smacking the young blonde in the cheek. "Are you okay with zat? Or shall I be more reserved? Do you not like ze younger girls? We are far… tighter zan ze older ones. And our little throats are so very good for a hard skull-fucking," Gabrielle purred, her tiny hand wrapping around Ginny's cock, and gently massaging it, twisting her hand around her length, silencing the redhead, "And because my tongue is so small, it can get into those deep and delicious places that no one else can get. And I may be young, but I can work a cock better zan anyone else you know. Shall I show you?" "Oh Merlin, yes," Ginny whimpered, Gabrielle enthralling her, with a soft and timid giggle. Guiding Ginny over to the massage table, she helped the redhead up and into place, a tactical hole cut into the table to allowed for her hardened cock. Placing her head in the normal place, she felt Gabrielle's tiny fingers glide across her body, gently dancing across her pale and creamy skin as she went in search of the sensual oils for what was going to be a truly spectacular massage. Again, she and Fleur had been practising all day. Where she had taught her older sister how to calmly suck cock, Fleur had taught her how to use her hands and how to attack the most pleasurable spots on a woman's body without resorting to the classics. It was all well and good, but anyone can make someone cum by jerking them off. The real talent is making someone cum without even laying a finger on their shaft. Gabrielle hadn't done it before… But she was more than happy to make Ginny the first. Because every massage should have a happy ending, beginning and middle… There was a bowl of warmed massage oil that Gabrielle had prepared earlier, into which she dipped her hands, gently coating them before dribbling a handful onto Ginny's lower back, the warm touch of the substance causing her to relax, gently wiggling her arse to get comfortable. Gabrielle started on Ginny's back, gently massaging the oil into her skin, lubing the redhead up to a delightfully glossy shimmer, her hands eliciting occasional moans from the young girl as her cock throbbed beneath the table. Having such a gorgeous beauty massaging her caused her to twitch, her cock wanting more concrete relief as opposed to a simple massage, but Gabrielle was intent on teasing her and bringing her to her end with a slow methodical approach. The young French girl's cock was also throbbing and begging for more rough and intimate pleasures, but she was hesitant to succumb just yet. The nigh was so very young and rushing to a carnal fuck would sour the later portions of the evening. Her hands worked down to the redhead's lower back, gently teasing the older girl, her fingers curving softly and subtly over the curve of her plump and full arse. Gabrielle loved the larger and rounder arses of the British. The French girls at Beauxbatons wanted tight and well-formed rears, whereas the young French dame craved the meatier handfuls that she had fallen in love with at Hogwarts. Hermione in particular had a rear end she so desperately wanted to relish and ruin. Unable to hold herself back any longer, Gabrielle slid her hands down to Ginny's arse, gently rubbing and pawing at her cheeks, making sure that they were coated in a thin layer of shimmering oil, her body becoming lush and glossy, the most appetizing and arousing sight Gabrielle knew. When she and Fleur oiled each other up, they were absolutely gorgeous, and Ginny was no exception, her delectable and delicious arse becoming more so as it was turned into a pair of shimmering cheeks, plump and perfectly round with a meaty weight to them. The perfect sight in Gabrielle's eyes as she fought the urge to simply devour her ass. Every time her thumbs slid in between the redhead's cheeks, the young French girl was offered a delightful view of her puckered arse, her thumbs gently grazing the constricted hole, dipping lower so as to cover even the depths of her crack in oil, her thumb making a quick and purposeful pass over her asshole to bring it to a lubed and oiled glow. Quickly making a pass down each of Ginny's legs, Gabrielle made sure that her slender legs were coated in a similar sheen before turning her fascination back to the redhead's ass. Massaging each of her cheeks, Gabrielle peeled them apart and focused on the object of her desire. Ginny's tight, little hole. Running a finger down her ass crack, she gently grazed her hole, gently rubbing it a couple times before moving on, teasing Ginny with the prospect of slipping a digit inside, but never actually indulging her. Giving her a few circular rubs, she applied a soft amount of pressure, her small finger threatening to plunge deep inside her, before Gabrielle pulled away, biting her lip as the frustrated, but pleasured moans of the redheaded girl filled the room. Leaning closer and closer, Gabrielle decided to give her one fleeting moment of pleasure before moving on with her plan. Extending her tongue, she spread Ginny's ass wider and wider, until finally she dipped the slick muscle deep inside her rear, causing Ginny to moan like a common whore, her body shuddering slightly before relaxing as Gabrielle pulled herself away, gently spanking the young girl's arse. Walking back over to the bowl of oil, Gabrielle dipped her hands into the bowl, collecting a handful of oil in each palm before drizzling it over her own breasts and body. Dribbling it across her young physique, she swiftly lowered her hands and began to massage herself, rubbing the oil across her body and lubing her young body to a glossy and delicious shimmer. Making sure that she was sufficiently covered, Gabrielle turned to Ginny who was waiting patiently and clambered up onto the table, draping her body across Ginny's much to the redhead's silent glee. Grinning wildly, she felt Gabrielle's oily cock slip between her ass cheeks, grinding softly and slickly against her puckered arsehole, eliciting a breath of pleasure from her. She felt the young French girl's budding breast press against her back, her pert and tiny nipples pressing into her shoulder blades as Gabrielle lay comfortably across Ginny, the pair groaning in unison as their bodies touched, Ginny purred softly, "Oh… so it's that kind of massage?" "I don't think any ozer massage would suffice, non?" Gabrielle purred, silencing Ginny's retort as she began to move, the younger girl grinding her oily and slippery body back and forth, her cock sliding up and down between Ginny's meaty arse cheeks. Moaning at the delightful sensation of having a young girl rubbing and sliding across her back, Ginny savoured the pleasurable sensation, silently hoping that Gabrielle would slip and lodge herself deep inside her. The feeling of her cock grinding and running along and against her asshole, the tip softly prodding her entrance occasionally, was enough to make Ginny's cock throb. A part of her wanted to grab her cock and furiously jerk herself off, but it was lodged beneath the table, pre-cum dribbling down from her tip and pooling on the floor. If this was the start of the evening, she was silently thrilled to find out what was coming later on. Just as quickly as Gabrielle had lain across her, did she clamber down, though not to a disappointing end. Instead, she simple gestured for Ginny to turn over, something which she readily did, threading her cock out of the hole and laying on her back. Excited to see the show that Gabrielle was undoubtedly about to provide, Ginny was once again teased as the young girl, slick and glossy with oil, laid a small hand towel over her eyes, blinding Ginny to the sexual promiscuity that was undoubtedly about to come. Pouring the remainders of the oil onto Ginny's breasts, belly and cock, Gabrielle once more clambered up and onto the massage table, straddling Ginny's waist and gently using her pert bum cheeks to spread the oil across Ginny's body, her hands collecting the soft handfuls of flesh that were the redhead's breasts and massaging the oil into her silky globes. Ginny's cock was flopped down against her thigh, one of Gabrielle's hand sliding down to grab the thick length, giving it a few steady jerks (completely giving up on the idea of making her cum without such traditional means), making sure it was coated in the oil for the hard fucking that was going to ensue later on after dinner. Leaning forwards, Gabrielle pressed her smaller breasts and against Ginny's larger and plumper tits, grinding and gently humping her body back and forth, her cock sandwiched between their stomachs. Leaning Ginny's cock up against her own arsehole, Gabrielle used one hand to rub Ginny's thick throbbing tip against her tight French arse, secretly wanting to impale herself on the length and start bouncing as if her life depended upon it. Ignoring the urge, Gabrielle lavished Ginny's body with her own, rubbing every inch of herself up and down the redhead's body until both of them were coated equally, their bodies both glossy and glimmering, the perfect sight for their significant others to walk in and see them in. Turning onto her back, Gabrielle used her bum to gently massage Ginny's cock, her body unable to ignore the urges and succumbing to the pleasures that both of them so desperately craved. Lifting her arse, she grabbed Ginny's cock and rested the tip against her tight, puckered entrance, her hole easily giving away after being trained so readily by Fleur. It didn't take long for Ginny's slippery cock to start sliding deeper and deeper inside her. The oil made it increasingly easy as every inch of Ginny's cock lodged itself easily inside her, her balls smacking softly against her young arse cheeks, the pair of them groaning in satisfaction, Ginny peeling the towel away from her eyes and gazing into the horny and lustful eyes of the young French slut. Grinding her bum against Ginny's crotch, she bit her lip and moaned, her prostate being massage and squeezed to delicious lengths. Smirking, she looked into Ginny's eyes and purred, "Time for ze happy ending?" "Oui, mon dieu, oui…" Ginny moaned, wrapping her arms around Gabrielle's chest and clasping each of her hands onto the young girl's oily breasts, squeezing and pawing at the pert and tiny handfuls, her nipples slipping back and forth beneath her thumbs as the pair ground together, savouring the depth and tightness of the impending fuck. Turning her head slightly, Gabrielle found Ginny's lips, the pair of them kissing deeply and passionately, their tongues battling as their bodies slipped and glided across each other. Gabrielle's hands were latched onto her own cock, gently and firmly jerking herself off as she prepared to start fucking the young redhead. Whilst Ginny was worried that the massage table wouldn't be able to hold and support such a powerful fuck, Gabrielle was confident in the table's integrity, having performed extensive tests with her sister only earlier that day. Savouring the sensation of being full of oily cock, Gabrielle slowly lifted her hips, feeling Ginny's cock glide out of her with ease, this being one of the slickest and easiest fucks she had had with every sliding out of her arse with ease. It was like what she imagined having a pussy felt like, so slick and pleasurable without the initial pain of entry. Lifting her hips as high as she could, Gabrielle eagerly slapped her bum downwards, wiggling it slightly as the oily slap filled the room, the pair groaning in unison as Ginny's cock milked pre-cum deep into Gabrielle's tight and pleasurable derriere. Twiddling Gabrielle's nipples in between her fingers, Ginny began to nibble at Gabrielle's neck, leaving her a soft love bite as Gabrielle began to eagerly bounce up and down on Ginny's cock, lifting her hips higher and higher with each pounding thrust, groaning and moaning as pleasure cascaded across their glossy bodies. Building up a slow and steady rhythm, Gabrielle let her eyes roll closed, the echoing sounds of her bum slapping against Ginny's crotch filling the room, her body developing a thin layer of sweat that gave her an even more appealing glow. Ginny's hand slid down Gabrielle's stomach, her fingers swiftly wrapping around the base of her cock and starting to quickly jerk the young girl's oily cock, the pair groaning as Gabrielle paused her eager bouncing, relishing Ginny's silky and skilled hand. Suddenly, Ginny felt Gabrielle's cock explode in her hand, her cum spurting up and onto her hand, landing on Gabrielle's belly. Grinning wildly, Ginny made sure that every last dribble of cum was drained from the young girl's cock, her shaft starting to soften in her hand, but quickly hardening once more as the potion kicked in, her cock imbued with another round of virility, her balls becoming heavy once more and in dire need of more relief, something that made Ginny grin with happiness, "My, my… looks like you are the one with the happy ending after all." "Mon ami, ze night iz young," Gabrielle purred, pushing herself off the massage table, allowing Ginny's cock to slip out of her arse. Helping Ginny down from the table, she guided her to the centre of the room, taking Ginny by the hips and looking up into her eyes, "Now, for giving me my happy ending, I offer you a question. Whereabouts in ze room would you like fuck me?" "Anywhere?" Ginny asked with a salacious smirk, a smirk that Gabrielle relished in every respect. Nodding slowly, Gabrielle felt Ginny's hand find her own and guide her to her favoured position, ready for Fleur and Harry to come and find them. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "So… How are you enjoying ze tournament?" Fleur asked as the pair of them strode naked through the carriage, their cocks bouncing down between their thighs and Fleur making a rather lustful assessment of Harry's toned and lithe frame. Biting her lip, she gave his bum a gentle stroke, offering Harry a coy wink as her perverse reasoning, something that made Harry shudder with pleasure. "I mean… it's not exactly brilliant. I've almost died twice and embarrassed myself by dancing," Harry said, allowing Fleur's gentle caress of his arse, silently worried about her fondness for it. Glancing down at her thick mammoth cock, he couldn't help but gulp at the fact that by the end of the evening, that would be lodged firmly up his arse. Ginny was big, but Fleur was… borderline excessive. "Are you not enjoying ze friendly rivalry between ze schools?" Fleur smirked, chuckling softly to herself as she did so, seeing Harry's eyes lingering on her thick and throbbing cock, enjoying the way he ogled her creamy white length, her purplish head glossy with slick pre-cum. "What? The rivalry that got be tied to a rock by my dick? Can't say it is living up to the hype," Harry laughed, Fleur giggling at his response as she wrapped an arm around his neck and gently reach over to jerk his cock, giving it a slow and steady stroke. "I have already apologised for zat. But maybe I shall have to do a little more to convince you of ze pleasurable merits of ze friendly rivalry," Fleur smiled as the rounded the corner, the audible slippery slaps of Gabrielle and Ginny filling their ears and making both of them grin, "Although, I think zat Ginny iz already a fan…" Rounding the corner, they were met with a rather glorious sight. Forgoing any modesty and any degree of respect, Gabrielle and Ginny were on top of the dining table, Gabrielle's tiny form hunched over with Ginny hammering away at her rear end, pounding harder and harder into the young, nubile girl. Their bodies were glossy with massage oil, the wet slaps of Gabrielle's cute little butt colliding with Ginny's neatly shaved crotch filling with room, mixing amongst their audible and lusty moans. Neither of them acknowledged Fleur and Harry's entrance, with the two standing idly by and watching the young girls fuck one another, Ginny hammering harder and harder, pulling Gabrielle's lithe body backwards to meet her crashing hips. Leaning into Harry's ear, Fleur murmured, "Mon dieu… no respect for where we will be eating… Zen again, the menu tonight is very much… oily…" Moaning loudly, Harry dropped his hand to Fleur's cock, returning the favour that she was readily providing him, the two of them pulling one another closer together whilst they watched Ginny and Gabrielle collided lustfully. Gabrielle fought to stay on all fours as her arse was hammered into roughly. Fleur was never so powerful with her thrusts and Ginny was a welcome and pleasurable change as each long, deep thrust plunged deeper and deeper into Gabrielle's rapidly loosening arse. Her prostate was permanently squashed against her fat cock as it plunged into her rear end, her arsehole stretching to accommodate her length, Ginny's slick balls smacking loudly against Gabrielle's. Ginny's cock was in heaven. Gabrielle wasn't particularly tight, but the oily nature of their deep and powerful fuck was making her cock sing. Being able to hammer in and out of her rear end with such impunity and slickness was incredible, making her thrusts quicker and deeper, an immensely pleasurable pairing. Ginny was close to cumming and much to Gabrielle's surprise, so was she. As soon as she let Ginny loose on her arse, she felt her cock twitching and spasming as she neared closer and closer to an orgasm. One of her hands was wrapped firmly around her cock, pumping back and forth readily, using the cum from her last orgasm as lubricant, her prostate swimming in incredible pleasure. Biting her lip, Ginny sped up, Gabrielle letting out a low and hollow groan of pleasure, her body tingling as her hand buckled beneath her. Propping herself up on her chin, Gabrielle pushed her arse further into the air, Ginny taking advantage of the deeper angle. Resting on the heels of her feet, she leant over Gabrielle, her hands grabbing her hips firmly. Sliding downwards, she managed to get to a deeper portion of Gabrielle's asshole, the young girl scratching at the table as she groaned audibly, her sexy and demure demeanour fading away, replaced with a pleasurable and submissive asshole. Pounding away, Ginny felt her cock begin to twitch, her balls growing heavier as they churned into life. Normally, Ginny would have held off from indulging in her orgasm, wanting to make it last as long as possible. However, with the virility potion she knew that her orgasm would only incapacitate her for a couple seconds at most, meaning that she was free to unload as freely and as much as she wanted. Hammering deep into Gabrielle's arse, Ginny didn't even stop to cum, continuing to thrust through her orgasm, her cum coating her cock as she thrust it deeper and deeper into Gabrielle's ass, the young girl barely feeling the load get pumped inside herself as Ginny continued to pound, wanting to bring Gabrielle's young cock to her next and most pleasurable orgasm. The second of what would be many that evening. Slowing her thrusts down, Ginny made sure that each one lingered against Gabrielle's prostate, her hand dripping down between the young girl's legs and gently massaging her small, slick balls, pushing her closer and closer to unloading right there on the table. Unaware of their audience, the pair of them moaned and groaned like common whores, rubbing their sweaty bodies against one another as they flung their hair backwards, roughly fucking and pushing into one another. Gabrielle was desperate for that next orgasm, the virtue of the virility potion becoming more and more apparent. She and Fleur had been brewing it since the summer and managed to finish it just in time for this evening, only managing to procure four shot glasses worth. And they were already planning a second batch. Finally, Gabrielle's arse clamped down onto Ginny's cock, pinning her in place as Gabrielle spurted a second batch of cum, this one more potent and plentiful as the last. Coating the table beneath her in her seed, Gabrielle groaned, satisfied for the time being. Ginny slowly pulled out of Gabrielle, her bones aching a little as she slid down off the table and caught the eye of Fleur and Harry, blushing slightly as she brushed a hair behind her ear. Gabrielle flopped downwards and onto her side, rolling of the table casually and leaving the pile of cum on the surface. Staggering slightly, she came face to face with Fleur who was wearing a suggestive and sultry smirk, "Ma petit soeur, how could you be so untidy in front of our guests. Zat is intolerable and deserves to be punished…" Author's Note: Surprise, surprise. I say I'm going to write a shorter chapter because I won't have time… And it's the same length as all the other ones. Ah well! Who needs sleep anyway? In all honesty, I love writing this story, so it wasn't much of a stretch to churn this out. But still! Hope you all enjoyed it as it took a bit of working. And have no fear, there will be plenty more of this grouping next week. There may be a part 3, depending on how carried away I get, but I won't do a solid three weeks of just this pairing. There will be an interlude chapter in between part 2 and 3. That's if there is a part 3. Regardless, I hope you all enjoyed. I love your feedback and my heart lights up Everytime I get a review. Genuinely, it makes smile that someone is enjoying my perverse fantasies as much as I am! Love you guys and I will see you next week as the feast continues. Yum!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Apologies for missing a week. It was not my intention, but to cut a long story short, last week absolutely destroyed my free time and I had to choose sleep over fantasising about French beauties. It was a tough, but necessary call. However, thanks for being patient. I will put a forewarning here that it's not looking hopeful that the next month or so will be plain sailing in terms of keeping regular uploads. I've got a lot of stuff to do and naturally that takes priority. I will try to keep things as regular as possible, but it might drop to an upload every two weeks. Fortunately, however, I know have a Tumblr, which you are more than welcome to follow and check out. It's not got much on there, but it will be where I post snippets and small little teases. Also, feel free to ask questions on there and if there isn't a weekly chapter, I will let you know via that. So, just so you guys know! (You will need to turn of safe mode… for obvious reasons) Seeing as this site hates links, you'll have to manually search it. Tumblr has also been really picky, so go into the following tab and type in (fanfiction-writer101). That should work. Obviously without the brackets. If there are still problems let me know via reviews! There is also a small story already posted there so that you guys can get an idea of what it's all about! Without further ado, enjoy the second and final part of our French indulgence… Chapter 32: A French Feast Pt.2 "C'est merveilleux, non?" Fleur purred, slicing through her chicken breast and savouring the taste as she, Ginny and Harry enjoyed their dinner. She had managed to 'entice' the French chefs that they had aboard the carriage to provide them with some food, despite it being common place to go to the Dining Hall in Hogwarts, rendering the chefs useless. But after a quick batting her eyelids and lucky look up her skirt, they came around and prepared them dinner. It was very nice. Even Harry and Ginny couldn't deny that, "Servant! Bring us more wine." Breathing sharply in, Gabrielle complied with her sister's orders, bringing them a second bottle, decidedly unhappy with her current situation. Whilst Harry, Ginny and Fleur sat entirely naked, enjoying one another's company, Gabrielle had been dressed in a rather nice French Maid's outfit that was a couple sizes too small and did nothing to cover her rear end. It wasn't the lack of modest that annoyed her, rather her sister's revelry in the current situation. She was all for a little kinky roleplay, but Gabrielle hadn't even been allowed to service their company beneath the table, being relegated to skimpily dressed servant. A roleplay was getting a little too real for her liking. Walking over, she poured them all a glass of wine, Harry and Ginny tentatively sipping at theirs, conscious that alcohol was not only frowned upon, but illegal under both wizarding and muggle laws. At least at their age. "There iz no reason to worry. Indulge while you can. It will make you more open to ze entertainment of ze evening," Fleur smiled, gulping down a mouthful, already slightly tipsy as she swallowed it down her smile beaming. Whilst the table was a long and ornate one, they sat at one end. With Harry at the head of the table and Fleur and Ginny sitting opposite one another, Fleur's foot already sliding up her thigh and gently stroking against her cock, Ginny smiling promiscuously at the subtle provocation, her toes curling around her shaft, gently and deftly stroking her off, all without Harry's knowledge. "I don't think they need more warming up," Gabrielle smiled salaciously, winking at Ginny who grinned at the young girl's sexual promiscuity. It was admirable and downright sexy to see her flaunting herself and hungrily craving a good cock. Suddenly, the sharp crack of a whip striking flesh filled the room as Gabrielle jumped forwards, biting her lip. Fleur's horsewhip lingered on her other ass cheek, giving it a swift strike, one that caused her to yelp, the red marks rising in her pale and creamy skin, forcing her choke out a meek, "Sorry…" "So, do you two prefer to top or bottom?" Fleur asked, finishing her meal and pushing her plate forwards slightly, the question taking both of them by surprise, the pair of them sharing a look as wide grins stretched themselves across their faces. "We are pretty versatile, I reckon. Whatever really suits the situation, I suppose?" Ginny answered for the pair of them, Harry nodding along as he finished up his food. Fleur gestured over to Gabrielle, giving her the signal that she was waiting for. Whilst the three of them were indulging in conversation, Gabrielle sank to her knees and slipped under the table, getting a glorious look at her prizes. Three, thick bulging cocks, Harry bouncing right in front of her, ready for a good, diligent whore to start sucking. "Any particular fantasies? Anything me and ma soeur can help to make a reality, mon amies? Ze kinkier, ze better," Fleur smirked as she saw Gabrielle disappeared beneath the table. It took a moment, but eventually she felt Gabrielle brush past her leg and sit in between all three of them. A hand found Fleur's cock, and another found Ginny's, the pair sharing a sultry look before glancing to Harry, his eyes widening as he felt a pair of small, pert and delicate lips press against the tip of his cock. "Nothing that comes to mind really. I'm not that creative, I suppo…" Harry began, his words stolen from his lips as he felt Gabrielle's tongue dart back and forth across his tip, dancing sexily across his thick and throbbing cockhead. She only did it for a moment before sliding the tip of his cock into her mouth where she drenched it in saliva, her tongue eagerly and sloppily spreading it across his tip, the audibly slurping and sloppy wet sounds of her oral attentions filling the room; a delicious chorus to the trio's ears. "Well… I kind of have one… It's a little bit tame, but I dunno…" Ginny said nervously, setting her wine glass down as Harry and Fleur glanced towards her. Gabrielle's lips slid slowly and hungrily along Harry's cock, the tip of his shaft prodding against the back of her throat, begging for access to the deepest parts of her throat, access she readily gave, swallowing his entire length in one surprisingly skilled and eager gulp. Her tiny lips were pressed snugly against the base of his cock her hands jerking steadily along Ginny and Fleur's cocks, gently rubbing across their tips, coating her palms in pre-cum to make her handjob a little slicker and a little more pleasurable. Stifling a moan and doing his best to retain his composure, Harry smiled politely as Ginny and Fleur eyed one another up with an insatiable hunger in both their eyes. The tiny hands gliding along their cocks underneath the table was pleasurable, but they craved deeper and more intimate desires. "Mon ami, do tell… I am sure zat tameness shall be no problem. Any fantasy iz a good fantasy…" Fleur purred, leaning a little further forward, pushing her breasts together as she did so, moaning quietly to herself as Gabrielle teased her tip just how she liked it. She was bobbing her young and tight throat up and down Harry's cock like a dutiful slut, slurping and sloppily dragging her lips back and forth, a direct comparison to Fleur's clean and composed blowjob. Saliva was dribbling down her chin as she plunged her lips up and down, his cock shimmering and glistening with saliva, her French Maid's outfit being stained with the impassioned suckling of the young girl. Pulling her lips away, she planted a soft kiss on his head before moving her hand away from Fleur's cock and starting to swiftly jerking his cock back and forth, her lips turning towards Ginny's cock, leaving Fleur unstimulated and untouched, something the older woman wouldn't have. "I've always wanted to do stuff… outside. In public. I was wondering if we could do something in a more… public place?" Ginny asked, blushing as she confessed just one of her many fantasies, the other one being something she kept buried deep within her out of fear of judgement and being called an absolute slut. Slowly, she felt Gabrielle's mouth part to envelop her cock, her tongue swilling and swirling around her tip, coating it in liberal amounts of saliva and expertly attacking the most pleasurable and intimate parts of her head, her tongue curling and tracing along the sensitive purplish rim before her mouth slid slowly downwards, her throat undulating as she swallowed every inch of the redhead's cock with ease and proficiency, the young girl an expert at deepthroating, big, thick and throbbing cocks. Not only was she a good fuck, she was a skilled fuck. Fleur had taught her little sister well. "Ah… An exhibitionist. C'est bon. I am sure we can come up with something particularly naughty to do in a public place. How about we visit ze Great Hall after hours? Or fuck in one of ze many courtyards?" Fleur suggested, trying to mentally work her way around the castle, without really knowing every nook and cranny that the place had to offer. She was a little annoyed that Gabrielle was no longer lustfully attending to her cock but was content that she was pleasing her guests. There would be time later to reprimand the young slut for her inactivity upon her own sister's cock. Her hand slapped against Harry's crotch as his saliva slickened cock made her jerking slick, quick and audible, with the soft slaps echoing alongside her eager and horny slurps. "There is the Grand Staircase?" Harry suggested, his mind a lot more focussed now that Gabrielle didn't have every inch of his cock lodged in her tight, convulsing throat and instead had her small, dainty hand stroking him steadily of. Ginny's ears pricked up at that suggestion. At night-time, it was definitely liable to be the most dangerous place to be caught. Rarely anyone was in the corridors or the Great Hall, so the Staircase had a sort of erotic danger around it that made her cock twitch. Gabrielle now had her lips pressed against the base of her cock, her throat dancing and spasming deliciously around her length as her hand massaged and tickled her balls, her other hand jerking Harry off with an increased fervour. Moaning around Ginny's length, Gabrielle hummed, sending soft vibrations shooting and reverberating sumptuously along her length, pre-cum pouring from the redhead's tip and mixing with the mouthful of saliva Gabrielle had surround Ginny's length. "Zat could be fun. I presume we will all be naked going zere and back again, non?" Fleur smiled, imagining how naughty it would feel to be running naked through the school, without a care in the world, with anyone being able to see her and all her intimate bits. And having an entourage of three other people, all naked, made her cock twitch with anticipation, prompting her to want Gabrielle's touch upon her cock. And considering the way she was currently angled towards the older French girl, she was perfectly positioned for a sensational idea. Fleur had her wand sat next to her on the table and she swiftly drew it, pointing it beneath the table and silently casting a spell which slowly lifted Gabrielle of her knees and pulled her bum closer and closer towards Fleur's cock. Where she had been hunched over on her knees, Gabrielle now found herself stretched out with her back pressed against the underside of the table, her throat still entirely full of Ginny's cock, her hand still rapidly jerking Harry off and her arse now in the perfect position for her older and perverted sister to fuck her. She was hardly complaining. This night had already been worth it after the massage and weighty fuck that Ginny gave her and now it was proving to be offer more and more kinky sexual endeavours that she couldn't have imagined herself in before. "Yeah… I mean if you are up for it, it would be great," Ginny smiled, Fleur offering her nothing, but a salacious smirk, the French blonde exuding sexuality. Slowly, she eased her wand towards herself, pulling Gabrielle's bum into place, using her other hand to hold her own cock steady until Gabrielle's tight arsehole was resting against the tip of her cock. Using her wand, she pulled Gabrielle closer and closer until finally, the tip of her cock pushed itself inside the young girl's arse, the two siblings sharing a deep groan of pleasure, one of their groans muffled by a mouthful of cock and the other unhindered and unhampered, filling the room her sultry acknowledgement of the pleasure that was slowly enveloping her cock. Savouring the sensation of having her tip inside Gabrielle's well used and well-trained ass, Fleur looked up at Ginny and smiled lustfully. "Nothing would give me greater pleasure, mon ami," Fleur moaned, slowly guiding her wand towards herself, pulling Gabrielle's arse slowly towards her crotch, the young girl's hole being easily loosened as her fat, mammoth cock eased deeper and deeper inside without any hesitation. It took only minutes for her to plunge the entirety of her length inside Gabrielle, the young girl suspended between Ginny and Fleur's thick cocks, each one submerged entirely inside her, rendering her full of thick and glorious cock at either end. Fleur was the only one aware of Gabrielle's current state, with Harry presuming that she was going from cock to cock, pleasuring them with her mouth and Ginny thinking that Gabrielle was simple an eager slut and hadn't had her fill of her meaty shaft from earlier. Little did Harry and Ginny know that the young girl was plugged with cock and being moved back and forth by Fleur like a ragdoll, her arse being a toy for the older witch to use at her disposal. It wasn't the first time Gabrielle was used like this, with the pair readily experimenting with such avenues of magical sexual pleasure. And of course, their mother gave them a few tips and tricks. Pointers so to speak. Slowly, Gabrielle felt her ass getting pushed away from Fleur's crotch, her cock sliding slowly outwards before easing back in, the older French girl guiding her hole up and down her thick cock, fucking her slowly and softly, with gentle slaps of flesh filling the room, not loud enough to draw attention, but loud enough for Gabrielle and Fleur to savour the eroticism of the sounds. Coming quickly to the conclusion that her bum was no longer under her control, Gabrielle focussed on the thick cock that was in front of her, plunging her lips up and down, swallowing her shaft eagerly and leaving slick with saliva, dribbles of her spittle running down to the redhead's balls, dribbling down Gabrielle's chin and onto the floor. Using her hand, she massaged the spit into Ginny's balls, coating them to a deliciously lubed shimmer, moaning and groaning readily around her cock, the vibrations milking more and more pre-cum from the girl's cock. She was a little disappointed that the sloppiness of her blowjob rendered her unable to swallow and savour the salty liquid, but Gabrielle quickly pushed such trivial concerns from her mind, instead hungering after the sumptuous taste of cum that was no doubt on it's way. Having been pumped full of Ginny's cum the last time, Gabrielle sought to replicate that, only with a different and more receptively appreciative hole. Pulling her lips back along Ginny's cock, Gabrielle let Fleur control her bum and turned her lips towards Harry's cock, taking Harry's tip into her mouth and plunging her throat down his length, jerking both of their cocks steadily with her hands, doing a diligent and eager job of suckling on each of their cocks. She was desperate to make them both cum, the virility potion ensuring that both their balls were heavy and full of cum; cum that Gabrielle was going to savour with the utmost pleasure. Bobbing her head up and down Harry's cock, she gave him a couple slurping sucks before darting back to Ginny, her throat sliding easily down her length. Alternating between the two cocks, she dropped her hands to their balls, using her wrists to keep their cocks pointed upwards, allowing her to easily switch between them whilst Fleur sped up her movements, plunging her cock in and out of Gabrielle's incredibly receptive arse and bringing herself closer and closer to her own orgasm. Having been jerked off a little by Harry and robbed of a proper release, she was on the verge, alongside her two guests whose cocks were twitching and spasming as they darted in and out of Gabrielle's mouth. Ginny was the first to explode, Gabrielle just managed to catch her tip as it exploded, the first strand of cum painting the young girl's face before she could envelop it. Luckily the rest of Ginny's cum poured into her mouth, the young girl swallowing each strand as it came, but finding herself unable to keep up. To her left, Harry's cock began to cum, the first strand hitting her cheek. Pulling away, another strand of cum burst from Ginny's cock, painting her face even more as more cum spurted from Harry's cock. She managed to wrap her lips around his tip just in time to get the last few strands but found her mouth to full. Cough, her lips fell apart and the cum dribbled down her lips and chin and onto the floor, leaving her sticky white mess. Both Harry and Ginny groaned in unison, the act being given up as all three of the diners knew what was happening beneath the table. Turning Gabrielle's face into a sticky mess, they leant back, their cocks satisfied for the time being, allowing Fleur complete and utter control of her sister. Guiding the young girl quicker and quicker along her cock, she threw the wand away eventually, growing rougher with her fucking. She was still suspended, but it was Fleur's hands that pulled her back and forth, wrapping tightly around Gabrielle's small thighs, dragging her roughly along her cock and sliding of her seat slightly, squatting a she hammered home again and again, Gabrielle's soft grunts and moans becoming more and more audible with the lack of cock to muffle them. The smacks of Fleur's heavy balls hitting Gabrielle's filled the room, the young girl taking hold of Ginny and Harry's cocks to steady herself as Fleur unloaded deep inside her, her cum mingling with Ginny's from Gabrielle's previous. Rope after rope of cum burst into the young girl filling her to the brim and triggering Gabrielle's cock to twitch and spasm, unloading onto the floor below, her cum mixing with Ginny and Harry's cum that had dribbled from her lips. Satisfied, Fleur let her sister go, the young girl flopping to the ground and gathering herself. Pushing up and out from under the table, she revealed her saliva and cums streaked face, her French Maid uniform a mess. It was quite the sight. Fleur leant in and kissed her sister softly on the face before gesturing for her to go and clean herself up, "So, ze Grand Staircase, zen?" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII The four of them left the carriage pretty swiftly, none of them dressing or making any effort to hide their bodies, instead bearing their nude flesh and casting any degree of modesty away. Speeding swiftly along the grounds, they hurried to get inside, the cold biting air of the cool night rushing across their bodies, littering them with goosebumps and rendering their nipples pointed and sharp. Entering the castle, they all stealthily followed Ginny as they wove through the maze-like corridors, making careful effort not to be seen in any respect, trying their best to avoid the teacher's quarters and popular after dark meeting spots. Finally, they arrived at the Grand Staircase, finding one of the small platforms and setting up shop. "So, what now?" Harry asked as they all stood there, their cocks all hard and yearning for more pleasure. Despite having just been relieved by Gabrielle, they were all in dire need of more pleasure, the virility potion going above and beyond, keeping them hard, rigid and indefinitely horny. "I don't know… I hadn't really thought his far ahead," Ginny stammered nervously, realising that this was supposed to be her fantasy and now they were all standing around rather aimlessly. A salacious grin etched itself on Fleur's lips as she walked across to Ginny, wrapping her arms around the gorgeous redhead. "Zen allow me…" she purred, leaning in and kissing Ginny, their arms snaking around each other once again, each of them sinking into the other as they ground their bodies together, passionately making out. Staggering towards the wall, Fleur pinned Ginny between herself and the wall, their bodies rubbing and pressing together. Harry barely had time to look at Gabrielle before the young girl had flung herself at him. Leaping up, she wrapped her arms around his neck and tightened her legs around his waist, his cock pressing snugly against her arse already. A little unsteadily, Harry joined Fleur in pinning Gabrielle against the wall, the pair of them making out with their respective partners, any hesitancy and nerves bleeding away and being replaced with pure sexual passion and endless pleasurable appetite for more lustful orgasms. Fleur was the first to pull away, grabbing Ginny's shoulders and turning her around to face the wall. Expecting a throbbing tip to find it's way to her arsehole, Ginny was pleasantly surprised as she felt the stunning blonde slide down onto her knees and plant her hands firmly on the redhead's arse cheeks, prying them apart to reveal her gorgeous and sumptuous arsehole. Before she could anticipate it, Fleur's skilled tongue was darting back and forth across her hole, smearing saliva across her rosebud and tracing every sumptuously delicious wrinkle that her ass could offer, her thumbs stretching her hole wider and wider. After a fairly active sex-life, Ginny's hole was rendered quite loose, Fleur's thumbs being able to gape her sexy little rosebud and allow her tongue to trace her ring in a slick and sultry way, sending bursts of pleasure through the young girl's body. Not to be outdone by her sister, Gabrielle dropped from Harry's arms and turned him around, pressing him against the wall beside his girlfriend, the young girl sliding down behind him and peeling his pert and toned bum cheeks apart, his hole winking at her as she ran the flat of her tongue across the puckered entrance. Lapping as his hole, she used her smalls thumbs to stretch his hole, her finger tips pushing inside his hole and stretching it to allow her tongue access. Grunting as she got hands on with his asshole, Harry clung to the wall, his legs shaking slightly as Gabrielle let her incredibly skilled tongue loose on his arse. The young girl had a tongue like no other and it was a complete surprise that such a young and innocent looking girl had the oral talents of someone who had been shagging their entire life. It was sensational. Her tongue knew all the sweet spots that set him off and as she pushed into his rear end, he found his breath stolen from him and replaced with empty, weak moans of pleasure. Fleur plunged her tongue deep into Ginny's arse, coating every available inch of the young girl's insides with saliva, the tip of her tongue grazing against the girl's prostate and making Ginny's legs quiver. Wrapping an arm around Ginny's waist, Fleur let her plump and meaty cheeks smack her face, burying herself in Ginny's sumptuous arse. There were definitely worse things to be smothered by. Her hand found Ginny's cock, jerking her clumsily off from behind, the girl's cock twitching in response to her eager explorative tongue. Darting back and forth, she ran the tip of her tongue along her prostate, watching as Ginny moaned, clinging to the wall and writhing with pleasure. Glancing to her right, she saw Gabrielle at work, lapping at Harry's arse causing Fleur to moan. She often wondered if she was a bad example for her sister, but she figured that Gabrielle was going to grow up eventually. She might as well fast track future lessons to the present. Sucking cock was an important life skill. At least in the Delacour family. Exploring their respective holes, Fleur and Gabrielle did their best to attack the two Gryffindor's prostates, Fleur's tongue being long and skilled enough to run sumptuous circles across Ginny's, tracing delicate and pleasurable patterns on the young girl's pleasure button. Writhing against the wall, Ginny clung to the upholstery, doing her best to stay upright as the woman buried in her arse cheeks made her squirm and squeal with unbelievable degrees of intense pleasure. Her moans were hollow and silent more often than not and mired amongst continuous profanity as she let her eyes roll permanently closed, the redhead pushing her rear back into Fleur's face, begging and pleading for her lavish tongue to get deeper and deeper inside. Gabrielle didn't have the reach to properly pleasure and milk Harry's prostate for all it was worth, but what fleeting and brief grazing touches she managed to land were incredibly intense, her tongue more skilled than Fleur's. In-between the brief, subtle licks, she introduced a single finger into Harry's ass, stretching him wider and wider and adding the level of pleasure that her shorter tongue was not able to provide. Harry didn't mind; his knees were growing weak regardless. Groaning and moaning in unison, Harry and Ginny finally locked eyes, each one of them quite unable to believe the situation they were in. They were in the Grand Staircase, butt naked, with two gorgeous French blondes burying their faces into their arses. It was unbelievable. Looking at each other, they shared a grin of disbelief before leaning closer and clasping their lips together, their tongues exploring each other's mouths passionately, their kiss becoming a deep and lustful snog, their faces writhing together in amongst impassioned moans. Their hands lingered on each other's chests before dropping down below and wrapping around each other's cock, slowly and steadily jerking each other, their bodies writhing and spasming as they pushed back into their respective French companions, trying to inch their tongues a little deeper, whilst being wholly satisfied with the lustful pleasure they had already been provided. Fleur's intention was to say thank you and by Merlin did she. In every conceivable. And the night was hardly over. No doubt she had intentions to say thank you in every conceivable position before the sun was up. Gabrielle included, to both her and Harry's surprise had an even more insatiable sexual appetite. Gabrielle was set on getting to fuck Harry. Ever since she had been rescued by him, it was her fantasy. To be balls deep in the boy who lived. No doubt many other girls had the same fantasy, but she was going to make it a reality. Thus, she was trying to prove her adeptness at handling an asshole, with her tongue gliding back and forth across the most pleasurable parts of his arse, all the while two of her fingers now plunged deep into his hole, lubricated sufficiently by her saliva and probing to find his prostate. She was able to gently massage and tickle the sensitive button, adding more to the pleasure that her tongue was unable to. Confident that she could sink another finger inside, she was surprised by how naturally loose he was, with three fingers not even registering with a wince, but instead brimming with pure pleasure. Ginny had snagged herself a little butt-slut. He was going to be Gabrielle's butt-slut before long. Not that she wasn't willing to share. But tonight, his ass was going to get pounded, hammered and royally fucked in any and all ways that she could imagine. She knew that Fleur wanted her to be a bit more courteous and put their guests first, but Gabrielle's cock had a hunger for his tight rear. And she wasn't going to wait any longer. Not by a long shot. However, Fleur had a different idea in mind. "Mes amies. I do believe zat Harry has not has ze pleasure of a good fuck zis evening. And whilst I do not wish to boast, zere iz nothing quiet like a ride on mon arbre…" Fleur purred, tracing her hand across Harry's pert bum cheeks, just as Gabrielle pulled her tongue away and intended to bury herself balls deep inside him. A little disgruntled, Gabrielle hoped that the boy would instead opt for the smaller shaft, but with an ass like his, she knew he would favour length, as opposed to precision. She didn't blame him. She was much the same. Reclining on the floor, Fleur stroke her thick and meaty cock, angling it up for someone to take a seat, Harry immediately enthralled by the prospect of riding such a hefty mammoth of a cock. Ginny gave him a wink and offered him her hand, guiding him over to the blonde bombshell, her French lips parting as she purred, "What do you say mon ami? Are you ready for ze most pleasurable, lustful and intense fuck of your entire life?" "Oh god yes…" Harry breathed, straddling Fleur's hips and letting Ginny hold his hand as he slowly squatted down. Kneeling astride her waist, he felt her cock grind against her hole, slipping down between his pert ass cheeks and prodding and probing his hole, begging for access to his tight, immeasurably pleasurable depths. Ginny leant down behind him, grabbing Fleur's cock and lifting Harry's hips until his arsehole and her cock were lined up perfectly. Watching her sister reap the rewards of her diligent and hard work, Gabrielle couldn't help but jerk off, watching as her bulbous, throbbing tip slowly peeled Harry's arse apart and eased itself inside. The shared groan of pleasure between Fleur and Harry echoed through the entire staircase, the two of them pausing for a moment as Fleur's hands roamed Harry's body and one of Harry's hands eagerly groped and squeezed her sumptuously soft breasts, whilst the other one steadied himself, making sure he didn't collapse. Slowly, but surely, he eased himself downwards, Fleur's cock easily sliding inside his lubricated ass, Gabrielle's saliva making it slick and easy for half of her cock to stretch his tight rear. Even though he was considerably looser than most for reasons of natural talent, he was still pleasurably tight, his insides hugging Fleur's delicious creamy cock. Sliding all the way down, Harry's arse hit Fleur's thighs, the entirety of her monster length lodged inside him, her balls gently slapping his bum as his cock slapped against her stomach. Her hand was quick to collect both of his cock and balls, jerking and massaging them respectively, adding a deeper pleasure to the deep fuck. Whilst his prostate was currently being pressed and bashed by her cock with bursts of sublime pleasure rippling through his body, it was nice to have the mellower pleasure of her hands massaging him to make the initial entry that much easier. Taking a moment to adjust, Harry felt Ginny's hand around his neck, bringing their lips together in a soft and delicate embrace, before gently guiding Harry's lips down to Fleur whose tongue explored his mouth whilst her hands found Harry's hips and slowly started to lift the young boy up and down her cock. Starting slow and shallow, Harry only lifted his hips enough so that half of her delicious cock was out of his arse. Not lingering for long, he eased himself back down, his hole swiftly adjusting in that single deep thrust. The gentle ache around his asshole had dissipated entirely and his ass was a haven of sweet, sweet pleasure. Bouncing up and down on her cock, Harry let Fleur lifting him and down, guiding his ass along her cock, fucking him like a little butt-slut. Maybe Harry was a size-king. It wasn't like he had indulged in many smaller cocks and rarely did he take those smaller cocks inside him like this. And boy was Fleur's cock pleasurable. Almost every inch slid past his prostate with every deep, orgasmic thrust. It ground pleasurably against his inner button, each ridged vein and ribbed bump making him groan as a sharp burst of pleasure hit his body. Breathing heavily, she closed his eyes, massaging Fleur's breasts to keep himself focussed and not let his body lose the beat. Keeping the momentum up, he began to slam himself down the bottom couple of inches, the sultry slap of flesh as his arse collided with her thighs and crotch echoing through the staircase. It was such a sexy sound that even Gabrielle moaned when first she heard it. Bouncing eagerly up and down, Harry glanced down and watched Fleur and Ginny making out, every part of him that was that horny teenage boy screaming as he watched the two gorgeous, stunning women go at it, their hands massaging each other and fondling their bodies, all while offering him sultry and suggestive glances, watching him as he impaled himself again and again on the sumptuously thick cock. He could feel every bead of pre-cum pour from Fleur's cock, lubricating the depths that Gabrielle's tongue could not fulfil and bringing him deeper and slicker pleasure. Keeping on his knees, he leant slightly further forwards, allowing him to ease more and more out of himself. Slamming his arse down on three quarters of her cock at a time, feeling that empty void inside his arse get filled again and again with thick pulsating cock, Harry groaned and moaned, a thin layer of sweat glossing over his body. Ginny still had a subtle glow from the massage oil, one that was incredibly sexy. The obvious sheen had dissipated into a subtler and less noticeable glow that was incredibly erotic. And then Ginny pulled her lips away from Fleur's and replaced her mouth with her thick, throbbing cock. Not taking it into her mouth initially, Fleur allowed Ginny to use her lips and simply slide her cock slowly back and forth, Fleur's tongue occasionally darting out and rubbing across her cock as it moved past. Slapping her balls down on Fleur's lips, Ginny felt the woman encompass them with her lips, enveloping the small sack with her mouth and expertly running her tongue across it, suckling and humming around the most sensitive areas of her balls. Reluctantly pulling the bulbs of sensitive flesh away from her, Ginny replaced them with her thick and pre-cum glossy cockhead, easily sliding it into Fleur's mouth, the older girl turning her mouth towards Ginny allowing the redhead to get slightly deeper. However, the position they were in meant it was impossible for Ginny to get that deepthroating sensation and allowing the luscious blonde to truly use her mouth to all of its sumptuous ability. Slowly fucking Fleur's mouth, Ginny managed to get half of her cock inside, the blonde adopting the same technique as she did with Harry and providing a slick, warm and sloppy blowjob, the wet suckling sounds of Ginny's shallow, but pleasurable thrusts echoing against Harry's grunts and eager bounces. Leaning over, Harry stole a kiss from Ginny, their tongues battling as Ginny built up a quick and powerful rhythm, doing her best to fuck Fleur's mouth but being unable to angle herself and get deeper into her throat. Gabrielle was watching the entire scene out, silently content to jerk herself of whilst watching the orgasmic amalgamation of thrusting flesh, but also wanted to figure out where she could best slide inside. Harry's mouth was open, alongside Ginny's. Perhaps a double blowjob between boyfriend and girlfriend. Pushing up onto her feet, Gabrielle continued to jerk herself speedily off, her quiet fapping sounds being drowned out by the audible slapping of flesh that was echoing from the gorgeous sight before her. She was planning on walking around and sliding her cock in between Harry and Ginny's lips, fucking their mouths one after the other just as she tended to their cocks, one after the other, however, Ginny had other ideas. Other, far more intense and pleasurable ideas. Pulling her cock away from Fleur's lips, Ginny stood up and straddled the blonde's sumptuous face, angling herself so that the French girl's lips would find her rear entrance once more. Kneeling down, she planted her arse firmly on the woman's face, feeling Fleur's expert tongue dip into her ass, lapping and licking at her hole as she had previously been doing, only with the redhead forced up against the wall. Holding her tongue rigidly upwards, she allowed for Ginny to gently ease herself down, plunging the blonde's tongue deep inside her asshole. Fleur knew how to lick arse and she did so expertly, her tongue wriggling deeper and deeper inside Ginny until she could snake the slick morsel of flesh around Ginny's prostate, licking and tickling the sensitive nub of pleasure and causing the young redhead to writhe and moan above her. Claiming one last kiss from Harry, she leant backwards and gently shook her cock towards the black-haired boy, making her desires entirely clear. Smirking, Harry indulged, leaning forwards, pressing his chest against Fleur's bountiful breasts and taking Ginny's thick, bulbous cockhead into his mouth. Plunging his lips eagerly down and along her cock, he made sure to keep his ass steadily sliding up and down Fleur's cock, the moans that had been dribbling from his lips now reverberating through Ginny's cock as he eagerly and sloppily slurped at her cock, coating it in a layer of slick and glossy saliva, her tongue wrapping and writhing around the thick length, swallowing and guzzling down what pre-cum he could as her cock twitched and spasmed. The combined pleasure from two fronts was doing wonders for Ginny and she was almost ready to cum. She wanted Harry to choke on her load but didn't want to sacrifice the immense amount of pleasure surging through her body. However, she had an VIP showing of what Gabrielle was doing, the young girl jerking off the three of them grinding together. Enjoying the show, Gabrielle didn't want to be left out and whilst Ginny had an open mouth that she could slide into, Gabrielle couldn't shake the desire and the lust she had for another entrance. Harry's arse stretched and flexed as Fleur fucked it, her cock prying his hole apart in ways he hadn't experienced before. And looking at that sight, Gabrielle couldn't help but wonder the important question off: Harry wouldn't mind if she doubled up? Well, it wasn't like he had a choice. Sliding herself behind Harry, Gabrielle grabbed his hips and eased him entirely down on Fleur's cock. Confused as to what was happening, Harry tried to pull away from Ginny's cock, but the redhead wouldn't allow him, keeping his lips plunged on her cock as Gabrielle inched forwards. And then he felt it. Gabrielle's comparatively smaller cockhead pressing against his asshole, trying desperately to worm its way inside his already stretched hole. His eyes widened as he tried to fight it, but he couldn't quite outmanoeuvre Gabrielle's squirming head and eventually, she managed to slip the tip inside. Harry gasped loudly around Ginny. So loud that it was still audible when being muffled by cock. His eyes rolled closed as she gently eased herself inside. Once the tip was inside, there was no stopping her and inch after inch of her creamy white cock sank itself inside his rear end until her small, hairless crotch gently smacked against his bum and the four of them groaned in unison. Harry, because his cock was stuff with two French cocks. Gabrielle, because she had finally claimed what she had lusted after for so long. Fleur, because what was already an incredible tight and delicious arse became infinitely more so. And Ginny, because she was eagerly watching her boyfriend get impaled on two very sexy and very pleasurable cocks. Keeping his eyes closed, he waited for Gabrielle's first thrust before making his opinion and as she eased backwards and slowly thrusted back in, he felt a moan bubble up from his throat, the incredible sensation of being full of not one, but two cocks, being incredibly pleasurable. That was all that was needed for the three girls to let themselves go wild. Fleur began to thrust upwards, gently easing Harry's hips back and forth as much as Gabrielle's cock would allow, all the while plunging her tongue back and forth between the depths of Ginny's arse and her sensitive ring. Gabrielle took a hold of Harry hips and kept her thrusting slow to begin with, measuring how loud Harry's muffled and sloppy moans were. As he loosened to the idea of having two cocks inside him, she sped up, her cock pushing her sister's firmly against Harry's prostate, the tingling bursting pleasure bringing Harry closer and closer to his orgasm. Ginny took a hold of Harry's head and began to softly fuck his throat, the spluttering wet choking sounds of him slurping at her cock making her moan. All four of them pushed, licked, fucked and pounded each other, their bodies colliding with one another in a deliciously slick and pleasurable mess, the soft and audible slaps of flesh hitting flesh filling the Grand Staircase, their audible and hungry moans echoing louder and louder until they finally came. Fleur was the first, her load spurting deep into Harry's arse, the pair of them moaning in unison as her thrusts ground to a halt. Gabrielle kept fucking his hole, using her sister's cum as lubricant, fucking and starting to firmly pound Harry's arse, edging closer and closer to her own orgasm. Harry's arse rippled with pleasure, the feeling of being pumped full of cum, all the while having another cock fucking him, made him cum himself. Sandwiched between his stomach and Fleur's belly, his cock spasmed and twitched, several long ropes of cum painting their bellies, the flesh sliding against itself in a sticky white mess. This sent Gabrielle over the edge, the young girl pulling her cock out of his ass and jerking herself off, sending several long white strands of cum up and across Harry's back, moaning and groaning as she did so. Watching Harry become a sticky mess of cum, Ginny hammered home into Harry's throat and sent her own load deep into his throat, several dribbles of cum leaking out of his lip and down his chin. All three girls made sure they were milked dry, their cocks finally softening as the virility potion ran out. "Mon dieu! C'est merveilleux!" Fleur moaned, her head falling back against the floor as Gabrielle and Harry rolled away from her, the boy collapsing on the floor as Ginny and the young Delacour stood above them, their cocks softening and dangling between their legs, "Well done 'arry… Not many men would be able to take so much…" "Thanks…" Harry breathed, his body slowly relaxing as he caught his breath. Ginny stood there with a salacious smirk on her lips whilst Gabrielle helped her sister to her feet. All three of them eased Harry up, the boy a little unsteady on his feet, but not horrifically. "Yeah, you've set a new precedent. Me and Luna will cash in soon enough," Ginny smirked, gently kissing him on the lips as the four of them made their way slowly down the staircase, conscious that they were standing plainly in view whilst entirely naked. "Not a chance. Both you and Luna are considerably… larger than… than Gabrielle and Fleur," Harry breathed, chuckling to himself as they made their way through the castle, starting to hurriedly run as they caught their breath, wanting to get back to the warmth of the Beauxbaton's carriage. "Well, Ginny… Zere is plenty of time left in ze evening. And whilst ze virility potion has run out, no doubt we can get ourselves naturally prepared," Fleur smirked, the redhead looking at her quizzically as Fleur suggesting something, "How about you try… doubling up?" "Erm… I'm okay…" Ginny said, Harry shooting her a look of disbelief, "Maybe one day. I've had bad experiences with… big things going up my arse and I am the ruler of my booty hole!" Author's Note: Hope it was worth the wait. Whilst I could probably squeeze a part three out of this, I've decided not to. The Delacours have some good chapters coming up so they shall not be missed. However, I will leave the French Feast behind in search of greener and sexier pastures. Please go check out the Tumblr I made and give it a follow, because it will be posting far more often there and it will be my primary way of communicating with people. And it'll make it far easier, with cases like last week, to let you guys know what will be happening. And there will be plenty more lewd smuttiness to enjoy there. I've already posted a quickie story about a Hogwarts quickie, so go and read that! Seeing as this site hates links, you'll have to manually search it. Tumblr has also been really picky, so go into the following tab and type in (fanfiction-writer101). That should work. Obviously without the brackets. If there are still problems let me know via reviews! Next week… Little Pansy must be quite lonely tied up at anyone's mercy. I wonder who will find her and just who else has she crossed? In terms of this story at least. And I don't think they are going to be as… polite and cordial as Ginny, Luna and Hermione were. If that's even possible!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Two uploads on one day. Decided I was going to make up for the lack of uploads last week by power housing through two. And considering the UK ground to a halt because of some snow, I managed to have copious amounts of time to do so. I am going to try and keep things as regular as possible, with focus on this story. I should be able to get next week's chapter out, but not entirely sure. How can you find out whether or not there will be chapter, I hear you ask? Well, lucky you! I have made a Tumblr. It is going to be where I can write smaller quickie stories that don't take too much time to work through. I've already written one, which is a Harry/Hermione (straight sex) story. However, I have some good ones planned soon including a delicious Bellatrix one. So, if you want more regular smutty goodness and to hear about my thoughts on my stories or ask me questions, and a whole bunch of smutty fun, go and follow it. Seeing as this site hates links, you'll have to manually search it. Tumblr has also been really picky, so go into the following tab and type in (fanfiction-writer101). That should work. Obviously without the brackets. If there are still problems let me know via reviews! (You will need safe mode turned off) But enjoy Pansy's comeuppance and watch it spiral further out of control. (Warning: this does have a lot of domination, dubious consent and the rougher stuff. If you didn't like it before, give it a skip!) Chapter 33: I Demand Loyalty Not many people knew about the secret corridor on the Seventh Floor as it was a strangely illusive and peculiar place. Some people thought that it bore similarities to the Room of Requirement in that the corridor only revealed itself to those in true need of it. The truth was far less poetic. That wasn't to say that the corridor didn't have any magical properties. Quite the contrary. Hosting many enchanted sexual accruements, a bizarre magical vault and even being imbued with a natural distaste for what humans called clothing, the corridor was quite the magical place. Most people didn't know about the room as it was a closely guarded secret. Intended for use by school teachers so that they may schedule interactions between themselves to ensure their natural needs did not inconvenience students, the corridor quickly became discovered by several students and it became unsuitable for its original purpose. However, at the present moment in time, it housed only one person; someone acutely aware that very few people frequented the corridor and was even more aware that not many people would be open to relieving her of her current situation. And thus, Pansy Parkinson had come to the inevitable conclusion that she was fucked. In more ways than one to be sure… It had been a fair while since she had been abandoned, butt naked and at the disposal of any and all people who were lucky enough to happen upon the room. And whilst Pansy had no idea how long it had been, it hadn't been an excessive amount of time. Sure, she was hungry and thirsty, but she was strong enough to be able to get through. She'd wager it had been about a day and that assumption was fairly accurate. And even luckier, no one had found her during that time. And whilst for a few hours, she had hoped that someone would find her, she quickly came to the realisation that most people who found her in such a compromising position wouldn't waste the opportunity and would use her to her fullest before setting her free, if they did at all. But fortunately, or rather unfortunately, depending on how you look at it, the person who found her had decidedly malicious intentions. Not brutal, but enough to make Pansy squirm, beg and plead for her master to treat her fairly. She first realised that she wasn't entirely alone when a sharp painful whip cracked against her arse, her muffled scream bringing silent joy to the person who was spanking her. Pansy's breath caught in her throat at the sharp burning pain that rippled through her arse. It was harder and sharper than when Hermione was whipping her, the painful pleasure of a good spanking being lost in the firmness of the mysterious stranger's hand. Before she could even whimper a gagged response, there was another sharp spank on her arse, the girl wiggling herself in a vain attempt to free herself of the bonds. But it was all in vain as several sharper whips cracked against her rear end, her bum glowing a brighter red than before and starting to softly bruise, Pansy whimpering into her gag. She felt the whip land in between her cheeks, a hand prying her bum apart to reveal her gaping asshole. The leather whip found it's way to her asshole, teasing and taunting her sensitive entrance. Bracing herself, she yelped loudly as the leather whip cracked against her arse hole, the toy trailing itself up her back, teasing her with where the next strike would come from. "Where is the Ring, slut?" a voice asked, a very familiar voice. Before she could even choke out a muffled response, there came another swift whip strike on her lower back, her body tensing up as she pulled at the leather bonds that held her in place. Another strike came, this time on her shoulders, a hand gliding down to the cleft of her arse, three unlubricated fingers finding their place at Pansy's entrance, the tips of the digits circling around her rear entrance, threatening to plunge deep into her arse with a swift unceremonious push, "Are you going to make me ask again? Oh dear, oh dear… The filthy mudblood didn't even have the curtesy to train you like a proper bitch…" Trying to push words out through the gag, Pansy was unable, feeling her arse gape even wider as the mysterious voice pushed three of his fingers deep into her arse, her bum tightening and clenching around the intrusion as she squirmed. It wasn't as painful as she imagined, three fingers going in unlubricated, but slowly he began to roughly push them back and forth, fingering her arse all the while opening the three digits wider and wider, stretching her to the extreme, her distorted words becoming groans of pleasure as she felt his finger press against prostate, roughly tracing over the sensitive nub and causing her body to shudder with sumptuous pleasure. That pleasure was swiftly undercut by a blistering slap, the man opting to use his hands as opposed to the whip, roughly cracking down on her arse and watching her flat cheeks jiggle softly. "Where is the ring? Oh, stop whimpering," the man snapped, reaching over to the gag and tugging it out of her mouth, a soft squeal of painful pleasure seeping from her lips before another spank hit her arse, forcing a loud yelp from her throat to surface. Starting to roughly finger her, the sound of flesh clapping together as he vigorously moved his fingers in and out of her ass echoed across the room. His fist was shaking between her cheeks as he simply attempted to stretch her to new lengths. His free hand snaked itself through her hair, tugging her head sharply backwards, the man hot breath bearing down on her, "Quiet! You make a sound and I'll lead every horny teenage boy into this room and start giving your arse a reason to make you whimper…" Stifling her sounds, she let her lips hang open, fighting back the urge to groan. The man drilled his fingers deeper into her, grinding and pounding her arse with his hand. Suddenly, she felt a tongue curve around her lips, eagerly lapping at her mouth, bristled and rough cheeks sliding against hers as the man lazily kissed her, pulling back and grinning, chuckling beneath his breath as he pulled his fingers out of her rear entrance and sharply and painfully spanked both her cheeks. The man's hands left her body and she breathed a sigh of relief, but not one that held for long as she heard the sound of a pair of trousers unbuckling and dropping to the ground. "I know that the Ring, Notebook and Vial have come to Hogwarts. I know that you have seen two of them. I know that you had the Ring. Now where is it?" the voice growled, growing deeper and fluctuating between different tones as if different voices were fighting each other. Pansy, not sure what was happening and wanting to get the Ring back herself, kept her tongue quiet, not letting a single sound pass her lips. Toughening herself up, she clamped her lips shut only to have to peeled back open by three shaft consecutive slaps across her rear end, her bum on the verge of blistering as he repeatedly struck it, "Come on… I know you had it? Or maybe you still have it? Which one took it? Granger, Weasley or Lovegood?" Keeping quiet, Pansy grunted as the bed dipped, the man clambering on top of the bed and straddling her arse, a thick meaty cock slapping down between her pert cheeks. She felt a dribble of saliva begin to lubricate the length, but quickly figured out that that was less for her benefit and more for his. Sliding back and forth, he teased her entrance with his tip, the girl fighting back to instinctively moan, her sessions with Draco having left her with a tender affinity for a good deep ass fuck. It was strange to see that the previous treatment from the girls hadn't dissuaded that from her natural reaction. Biting her lip, she fought the moan, even as more pressure built against her hole, the tip almost slipping in before gliding along and sliding through her cheeks, the man audibly groaning in pleasure as he savoured the rather soft pleasure of her bum. "Not talkative? Alright… I haven't had a decent fuck in years. Do you know frustrating it is to have to jerk yourself off or get a blowjob through a hole in the wall… Let's see, after all these years, if Slytherin still have the best sluts in Hogwarts. Merlin knows I have Malfoy's prized bitch prone and ready," the man growled, spanking her ass once more, before easing his cock backwards and angling himself so that the bulbous tip of his cock rested against her entrance. He didn't even have to push for her hole to envelop the tip, the rougher treatment of the previous three ladies rendering her agape for the time being. A deep and hearty groan filled the room as Pansy felt the man savour her hole, lavishing every lustful and pleasurable inch, "Fuck… The Malfoys did always have good taste for good ass…" Inching slowly forwards, he plunged his shaft deep inside her, a wild nest of hair pressing against her ass as he hammered home, every inch of his cock being inside her ass. Refraining from grunting, Pansy felt her head get tugged back by the hair, the mysterious fucker using it as leverage to get deeper inside her bum, his balls crashing softly against her, a sleugh of rapid and deep grunts coming from him as he unleashed a barrage of quick and steady thrusts, clumsily fucking her with a distinct lack of ability. Roughly humping her rear end, Pansy had to stifle her own brief laugh as she felt him start to twitch inside. A few more brief and inconsequential thrusts and Pansy felt several strands of cum pump inside her, the man blowing his load after a minute of haphazard thrusting, an indication that his years of forced abstinence had taken their toll on his longevity. Groaning loudly, he pulled his shaft out, cum dribbling from her ass. She felt a spell hit her body, cleaning her up for the next persons use. "Good manners to clean a whore up, isn't it? Now tell me where the Ring is, or you'll become the most popular hole in the whole of Hogwarts. I hear the Durmstrang boys love a bit of domination. They'd spend hours on you. One at a time I reckon. You'll be ruined for that blonde prick," The man growled several more painful slaps hitting her arse, before the man suddenly retreated, cursing beneath his breath. She heard the hurried sounds of the man dressing himself before the heavy thuds of his boots sounded; the man was fleeing. She heard the grinding door to the corridor slide open and a far more purposeful set of sharp shoes enter. They walked immediately over to where Pansy was, a distinct sigh echoing through the room as the second mysterious intruder slid down into a chair and waved his wand, muttering a counter-spell and letting the girl loose. Flopping against the bed, she groaned in relief, rubbing her wrists and ankles before pulling the blindfold off and turning around to look at the intruder. "Draco, baby…" she smiled, looking into her boyfriend's cold and disappointed eyes. Staggering of the bed, she flung herself at him, wrapping her arms around his disgruntled neck and leaning in to kiss him. He pulled his head out of her grasp before her lips could connect, the young Slytherin girl confused as he looked at her with decided disdain and fury, his eyes brimming with disappointment. "Don't kiss me. You're mouth smells like a whorehouse," Draco said, eyeing her up, pushing her backwards, her face a little confused, by understanding as she wiped her lips. Standing in front of him, she was a little weak on her legs, her body aching. And then Draco barked an order, "On your knees." "Draco? Can't we do this somewhere else? I need a shower and some food. Then I'll be far more…" she began, a salacious smile etching itself across her face. Despite being sore, hungry and thirsty, her mind rife with plots to get her revenge, she still had the desire to please Draco. It bordered on Stockholm Syndrome and a base desire to be considered attractive in someone else's eyes. However, Draco was stern and forthcoming with what he wanted. "On your knees… Now…" He said, reaching down to his trousers and unbuckling his belt. Inching the black trousers down to his knees, he let his softened cock spring forth. Despite looking at the naked girl, he didn't feel aroused by the sight. She was sweat stricken, bruised and a little beaten. All Draco wanted was some relief and some answers. Sliding down to her knees, she inched dutifully forwards, Draco letting his cock slap softly against his thigh, the implication and desire between the two very clear. Reaching forwards with her hands, she moved to wrap her dainty fingers around his shaft, but Draco slapped her hand away, muttering to her, "Don't touch me with your filthy hands. Not after you did god knows what to the mudblood and Weasley with them." Nodding dutifully, she clasped her hands behind her back and leant forwards with her mouth, curving her tongue beneath his flaccid length, the tip of her tongue flicking back and forth across his bulbous, purplish tip, the sheer intensity of having a tongue lapping at his cockhead being enough to stir some responses from his length. Gently beginning to harden, Draco's cock twitched beneath Pansy's eager tongue, the young girl lifting his head with her tongue and sliding her pert, thin lips over his head, swirling the sensitive tip around her mouth with her tongue, coating it in liberal amounts of slick saliva. Slurping on his head, she suckled down his pre-cum, her tongue coating his cock in saliva, before she slowly began to push her lips down his rapidly hardening cock. As her mouth pressed against the wiry nest of hair that sat above his crotch, she began to feel his cock expanding in her throat, pressing against the confines of her gullet and prompting her to gag softly into his shaft. Draco seemed largely indifferent to her eager mouth, watching her intently, but rarely letting a moan on pleasure escape his lips, despite the tight, wet and spasming confines of her deliciously well-trained throat. Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, she lubed it to a slick shimmer, her lips gliding easily up and down, the girl easily throating Draco's comparatively smaller cock. She had been forced to the guzzle Hermione, Ginny and Luna's lengths, so returning to Draco's easier manageable cock was a welcome change and one she relished, though would never bring to words. The room was filled with soft wet slurps as she coated his cock in thick layers of saliva, her eyes glancing furtively up at Draco's attempting to build some sultry bond between them, gazing lustily into his eyes as she lavished his cock with all her might. However, it was quickly made clear that Draco had vastly different intentions with the young girl, wanting her to suffer. "You stole the Ring from me, didn't you?" he said simply, Pansy's eyes widening as she realised she was made. She attempted to pull her lips back along his cock and explain herself, but Draco's hand stopped her, grabbing her head and pushing her lips sharply downwards, forcing her head against his crotch, her eyes looking meekly up at the boy as she coughed and spluttered, his cock plunging deeper into her throat and taking her by surprise. She initially tried to pull away, but readily submitted, making sure that she didn't move her hands and allowed her throat to be roughly filled and dominated by the boy, his gaze unfaltering. Even though her throat fought the rougher treatment, she still felt her cock twitching between her own legs, growing harder and harder in it's meek size, "Well you lied to me about having it. You took it from Weasley, didn't you?" She couldn't answer. Her head was held in place firmly by Draco's hand and any sound she made came out a splutter or choked stammer. Saliva was dribbling slowly from her lips as she coughed around his cock, her eyes looking up at him as he expected an answer, an answer he already knew. He had to stifle his own groan of pleasure as he pulled her head up and down his cock and few times, using her throat as if it was his own hand, jerking himself off with the deep, orgasmic pleasure of his personal bitch's throat. Saliva dribbled onto his balls as the young girl started to blush red, her breath becoming sloppy and incoherent, the girl fighting for her breath amidst sloppy and diligent slurps. Swallowing as much as she could, she found it difficult with Draco's cock plugging her mouth, her eyes beginning to water as Draco made she that her lips were firmly against his crotch. "Do you still have it? Or did they take it back from you when you submitted to them?" Draco asked, jerking her head back, his other hand finding her throat and gently starting to squeeze it, choking the girl. He could feel the pressure of his fingers grazing his cock through her throat, a strangely perverse and sumptuously delicious feeling. Her face began to go beyond red and started to turn a little blue as she spluttered more and more, her eyes streaming. With her mouth full of cock and her breath slowly running out, she managed to force out a timid answer, one that barely registered as one, but one that Draco understood nonetheless. "Gwin… Gwinnigh," she mumbled, trying desperately to murmur the redhead's name. Luckily for her Draco caught the gist and finally let go of her neck, allowing her to breathe somewhat normally. Letting go of her head, he expected to pull away and gasp eagerly for breath, but Pansy continued to swallow small breaths with her lips wrapped around his cock, slowly, but surely starting to bob up and down his cock, the dutiful slut tending to her master with gusto. Unfortunately for her, he didn't care, and pushed her away from his cock, standing up and tucking himself into his trousers, leaving her on her knees gasping her breath back, her face slick with saliva. Looking up at him, she watched him stride around the room to the cupboard of sex toys, "Draco baby… I'm sorry…" "Don't call me that. If you are going to submit to the mudblood and her redhead slag, then you will submit fully to me. Your master," Draco said, rifling through the cupboard and plucking two items from within it. Crossing back over to Pansy who was laid sprawled across the floor, he gestured for her to stand up, which she swiftly and readily did, nodding dutifully as he held the two items in front of her. One of them, to her horror, was a cock cage, a chastity cage, design to render her unusable, locked away. The other was a necklace. A leather choker of sorts that felt more like a dog collar than anything else. However, at the front, the fabric was held in place by a silver clasp in the shape of a single word: bitch. Nodding, Pansy was handed the two items, Draco not wanting to go to the lengths of having to touch Pansy's cock. Putting the necklace on, Pansy squashed her small cock into the cage, squirming and grunting as she did so. It didn't help that she was hard, but luckily her late development meant that she didn't need relief to soften herself. The discomfort of the cage quickly made her soft and she was able to squeeze her cock into place, breathing heavily and uncertainly as Draco folded his arms watched her, waited for her to lock it and hand him the key. Conceding to him, she locked the cage and dropped the small key into his hand, standing and awaiting her next orders. "Good… Now get on your knees and follow me," he said, walking out of the room and down towards the exit to the corridor. Pansy's eyes widened as she realised what he intended to do, the embarrassment that was burning in her body about to reach and entirely new length. But even as she started to blush, she realised she had no choice and she slid dutifully down onto her knees and began to crawl after him. As he waited by the door Draco gave her orders, "You will crawl all the way down to the Slytherin Common Room. Anyone and everyone you see, you will offer them a blowjob and nothing more. Your ass belongs to me. You will swallow, not spit. You will say 'My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and treat me like the whore I am?'. Is that understood?" "Yes…" Pansy nodded, much to her horror. This day was going horribly wrong. She had no idea what time of day it was. For all she knew, she would be crawling through the corridors during the start of classes when everybody is rushing around and there are dozens, if not hundreds of people in the way of her venture. Suddenly, she received a sharp spank to her ass, harder and more painful that the ones that came before. "Yes, what?" Draco clarified, his gaze stern and unwavering. Pansy yelped loudly at the sharp spank, her arse singed with red, tender flesh. Grunting, she bowed her head and composed herself, lifting her chin and looking up at Draco. Not Draco. Not anymore. No, he was her master now. "Yes, master…" she purred, Draco nodding in appreciation, before opening the door and gesturing for her to get going. Begrudgingly, she did so, crawling slowly out of the corridor and starting her path from the top of the castle to the bottom. Luckily for her, it was dusk, with most people being occupied at dinner or doing homework. Which meant that if she was quick, she could beat the rush of people. But if she was too slow, she'd have an onslaught of people to whom she would have to offer the services of her mouth. And knowing the people of Hogwarts, they wouldn't object to such a delicious offer. She started her crawl and quickly made her way towards the back passages of Hogwarts, knowing that she needed to vehemently avoid the Grand Staircase. She managed to make it down to the sixth floor when she found her first person. She was a bookish Ravenclaw third year by the name of Amber. She had very few friends and the ones she did were in the other houses and had already retreated to their common rooms, leaving her to study in the corridors. She wasn't a fan of her common room and preferred to use the public spaces of the school. Not only that, but she and Pansy had encounter each other once, in which Pansy had shouted at her for bumping into her, with Amber's books scattering themselves across the floor of the corridor. Ever since then she made a point to avoid the Slytherin girl at all costs, but fortunately for her, Pansy was about to make amends. Pansy neared the young girl and turned to face Amber, catching a glimpse of Draco watching from a small alcove further down. Breathing deeply, she bit the bullet and disturbed Amber's fervent studying. "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and treat me like the whore I am?" Pansy recited, remaining on all fours as the young third year glanced down at her, startled not only by the sudden disturbance in her studying, but also the fact that it was Pansy and that she was entirely naked, aside from a few choice accoutrements which hardly did much for modesty and if anything detracted from her modesty. Startled, Amber stared at the naked girl, her face and hair a little sloppy, her arse a rosy red and gaping. Unsure as to what to do, she simply stared at the girl, taken aback by the lewdness of the situation, prompting Pansy to repeat, certain the Draco was watching intently, "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and treat me like the whore I am?" "I'm sorry? I don't understand. Is this some kind of joke?" Amber asked, glancing up and down the corridor trying to figure out how many people were watching her and just how the situation would be spun into an embarrassing situation for her. "It's simple. Do you want a blowjob or not?" Pansy reiterated, keeping her voice hushed so that Draco would hear her being a bit snappy. Amber looked at her confusedly once more, prompting Pansy to turn and slowly crawl away, taking her silence as her answer. "No. Actually, yeah. I would like one," Amber said defiantly, glancing up and down the corridor as she stood up, looming over Pansy. Groaning, the Slytherin thought she would get away without having to do anything but was sorely mistaken. Turning back around, she positioned herself on her knees in front of the girl, Amber standing there a bit unsure as to what to do. Finally catching on, she reached up and pulled her panties down, her rapidly hardening cock springing free and pushing her skirt upwards. She wasn't particularly big, standing at an average six inches. She was quite young however, so it was likely her cock was growing by the month. Not hesitating for a moment, Pansy lunged forwards with her lips, wrapping them tightly around Amber's cock and slurping every pulsating inch deep into her throat, pressing her lips firmly against the girl's prepubescent crotch. Amber gasped audibly, staggering back slightly as she clung to the wall, the pleasure of her first ever blowjob being almost too much, "Merlin's beard…" Ignoring her words, Pansy began to plunge her lips up and down her shaft as quickly as possible, hoping and praying that her young age would render her a quick suck. Lavishing her tongue eagerly with her tongue, she traced the most sensitive and pleasurable parts of her young shaft, curling it around her cockhead and savouring the copious amounts of pre-cum that poured onto her tongue in response. A steady stream of soft pleasured moans came from Amber's lips as her balls crashed against Pansy's chin, her mouth gliding up and down her cock quicker and quicker, her orgasm already pulsating within her shaft. She hadn't really done anything with another person, so her first blowjob was taking its toll, especially considering the fact that Pansy knew what she was doing with a shaft. A couple years of sucking Draco off had taught her the tips and tricks to make someone cum and with such an inexperienced cock in her mouth, it wasn't long before Amber began to shudder, her cock on the verge of spurting deep into Pansy's eager and awaiting throat. Each pass she made along Amber's cock convinced Pansy that that would be the bob that would cause her to cum, yet even as her cock was pulsating and throbbing in her throat, Amber seemed reluctant to give up her sumptuous new pleasure. It wasn't helping Pansy that the sheer act of having a cock in her mouth was causing her own cock to swell, her shaft growing harder between her exposed legs and pressing uncomfortably against the cage that held it in place. Keeping her hands behind her back, Pansy slid her mouth down the entirety of the girl's cock, swallowing every sumptuous inch, pre-cum pouring into her mouth. With her lips pressed against her crotch, she slipped her tongue down and out of her mouth, running the slick morsel of flesh along the young girl's small, hairless balls, coating them in as much saliva as she could. That was what pushed her over the edge, the young moaning softly to herself before groaning in pleasure, several small strands of cum pouring down and into Pansy's throat, the experienced girl readily swallowing it all before pulling her lips away. Breathless, Amber fell back into the nook where she was studying, watching as Pansy curtly nodded and said, "Thank-you for your cum." "Anytime…" Amber breathed, her cock softening and dangling between her legs as she watched Pansy slowly begin to crawl away, the utterly bizarre sight of the girl's pert arse cheeks jiggling around the corner rendering the third year completely baffled. So, baffled she didn't notice Draco Malfoy walk past, following the naked Slytherin deeper into the castle. Pansy managed to get to the third floor before encountering anyone else. As she rounded the corner, she cursed beneath her breath as she saw a group of four first year boys, playing a game of gobstones, laughing rambunctiously as she ambled into view. None of them really noticed Pansy until they got close, at which point they bolted upright, their backs straight and their eyes widened. Pansy watched as each of their trousers tightened considerably and almost instantly at the sight of her. Almost unwilling to say what she was supposed to say, Pansy took a deep breath before reciting, "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and treat me like the whore I am?" "Wait, are you kidding me?" One of the boys said, whilst the other's seemed a little hesitant to interact with her, their bodies stiff and unmoving at the sight of an older naked girl. The bolder boy stood forwards, the boy being a Gryffindor, the bulge in his trousers rather small. Then again, they were young. "No. Just get your dick out and let's get this over with," she sighed, rather annoyedly, checking over her shoulder to ensure that Draco 'her master' didn't hear her. The boys shared a look with each other and the bold Gryffindor stepped forwards in front of her, his hands working at his belt. "My brother always told me Hogwarts was full of sluts. Didn't expect them to come waddling to me naked in the corridor," the boy laughed, Pansy rolling her eyes as she was berated by an eleven-year-old. Dropping his trousers unashamedly, he pulled out a small three-inch cock, even smaller than Pansy's. Sighing, she held her tongue and leant forwards, swallowing his cock in one, the Gryffindor audibly groaning as his hands found her head, gently guiding her up and down his cock, the Slytherin girl furious inside as he began to thrust into her mouth, smacking his small balls against her chin. His cockhead barely graced the entrance to her throat and she was able to bat it around easily inside her mouth, her tongue swirling and swimming around it as he gently fucked her mouth. Keeping her mouth full of warm saliva, she made sure his cock was coated liberally, the young boy being frustratingly audible with his crass and demeaning remarks, "Fucking hell… the slut knows what she's doing. You guys better form a queue, causing I'm going to give it to this whore good and hard." Unable to shake the fact that this was an eleven-year-old, Pansy simply let it happen, seeing Draco in the corner of her eye and knowing full well that she couldn't disappoint him or she'd be facing the consequences. With that in mind, she stopped moving her lips, allowing the Gryffindor to hump her face, his balls smacking her chin with a sloppy and deliciously slick rhythm. Not wanting to spend more time on this than she needed to, she reached her two hands to either side and grabbed two of the other boy's -Hufflepuffs- by their crotches, pulling them into her arms reach. Fiddling with their belts, she managed to expertly undo their trousers, dropping them around their ankles and collecting their equally small shafts in her hands, softly rubbing and massaging them with her fingers and thumbs, all to a chorus of meek moans. "Fuck, she's gagging for it. You like this dick, eh? Bet a slut like you has never had something so big in her mouth. That's why you came to us for something thick and meaty," The Gryffindor berated, speeding up his thrusts as she started getting into the rhythm of jerking the other two boys of. The last boy, a Slytherin, was standing there gently squeezing his cock, too nervous to approach having heard Pansy's reputation. He was content to watch her jerking his mates of whilst slurping eagerly on the loud boy's cock, his grunts and groans filling the corridor as he collected his balls in on of his hands and pushed them into her mouth, the girl finally gagging as she had her mouth stretched to accommodate his entire shaft and small balls. Her hands didn't stop working their way up and down the other two boy's shafts, Pansy silently hoping that her hands would be enough to get them off, "Oh fuck…right, let's see what this slut's ass is like. Bet I can do some real damage." "No, you aren't allowed to go in ther…" Pansy began her mouth free of the bold boy's cock. Watching as he strode around behind her, she was about to stop him when the Slytherin boy finally stepped forwards, his cock now exposed. Plunging his length into her mouth, she gagged instinctively, the boy being around five inches long and the longest of the group. Grabbing her head, he began to fuck her mouth, saliva dribbling down her chin as he gave her no regard for comfort and slammed his length into her throat. "Shit… This slut looks even better from behind," the boy chuckled, sliding down onto his knees and pushing forwards until the tip of his cock was pressed against the Slytherin's arsehole. Unable to stop it, she felt her hole give away with ease, the boy sinking all three of his inches inside her in less than a second. Barely able to feel it, Pansy instead felt him thrust erratically into her, his crotch colliding with her arse every second, his moans growing louder and louder. Groaning around the Slytherin's cock, Pansy conceded and decided to simply get on with it. She could feel the Hufflepuffs on the edge of their orgasm and the cock in her mouth was on the verge of cumming. And despite his macho demeanour, there was no way a first year would last long inside her arse. She was unfortunately correct, the boy cumming deep in her arse and groaning as he spanked her red raw ass eagerly. The two Hufflepuffs groans in unison, spurting a few meagre strands onto the floor, the Slytherin quickly following and spray a couple strands into her mouth which Pansy easily swallowed, "Fucking hell, boys… Hey babe fancy spending the night with us? We could treat you to a good session if you'd like." "Don't push your fucking luck, now scram you pixie-dicked fucks," Pansy snapped, tired of the boy's tone. The boys stowed themselves away, the Gryffindor sneaking another cheeky spank before rushing off after his mates. Grumbling to herself, Pansy made continued onwards, making her way down another floor, only to run into her next client. Cursing beneath her breath, Pansy looked up and saw none other than Katie Bell, standing alone, waiting for someone outside of one of the classrooms. Groaning beneath her breath, Pansy cast one look behind herself, spying Draco leering from behind the corner. It was at this moment, she knew she was in dire straits. "Wow… I didn't know you had it in you Parkinson," Katie laughed, looking up and spying the naked girl slowly shuffling towards her on her knees. It was utterly baffling, but Katie didn't even attempt to stifle her laughs, openly revelling In the perverse and sensational sight, "Do you not get enough attention in the Slytherin Common Room already?" "My… My name…" Pansy began her voice catching in her throat. Curling her own upper lip, Pansy looked up at Katie and with complete sincerity and unfaltering confidence, recited her words plain and simple, "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and treat me like the whore I am?" "Hahaha! Are you kidding me? Merlin's beard. Malfoy's bitch has dropped her standards considerably. Fuck. Are you actually just crawling around naked asking to suck people off? And you called the Gryffindor Quidditch Team trashy…" Katie roared, unable to control herself as Pansy slowly began to blush. Taking that as a no, Pansy began to slowly crawl past Katie, the Gryffindor having none of it. Grabbing Pansy by the hair she dragged the naked girl towards an empty classroom, hauling her inside before locking the door, "Not so fast. You just made an offer that I am most definitely not going to refuse." Lifting her chin, Pansy conceded deciding that it would be prudent to simply get it over and done with. Katie hiked her skirt up around her waist, her plump bum keeping it in place as she slid her fingers in her bright red lace panties. Dropping them down do to the floor, Katie strode sexily out of them, her cock already hard. She had been waiting for Alicia for… obvious reasons and was silently glad that an opportunity for relief came along a little earlier than expect. Breathing heavily, Pansy leant forwards to capture the young girl's comparatively larger cock in her mouth, but as dissuaded as Katie's strong grip of her hair kept her firmly in place. "Not my cock. A slut like you doesn't deserve to have something as delicious as my cock in your mouth. Besides, your tongue can go in a far more… fitting place," Katie purred, gently massaging Pansy's scalp before turning around and presenting the Slytherin with her gloriously plump and well-formed rear, deliciously taut yet with so much sumptuous flesh to paw and pull at. Without even being able to say a single word, Pansy had her tongue and face pushed firmly into the Gryffindor's arse. She spent a few seconds trying to wrestle her way out of the girl's ass but found it all to be in vain. Groaning loudly into Katie's rear end, Pansy pushed her tongue out and wriggled it across Katie's hole, ticking and dancing across the wrinkled entrance and coating it in liberal amounts of saliva, all to Katie's appreciative groans of pleasure, the girl firmly pushing Pansy deeper and deeper into her ass, keeping Slytherin's sweetheart buried between her cheeks and lapping at her arse like the slut she was. Pansy wasn't fond of having her tongue buried in someone else's arse with that listing amongst her least favourite sexual activities. Luckily, Draco wasn't much of a fan for it either, despite the few times they experimented with it. Unsure as to how best to make her cum quickly, Pansy favoured depth rather than skilful attacking. Breathing deeply, she plunged her tongue as deep as she could inside Katie's arse, receiving a deep, orgasmic groan from the Gryffindor Chaser. Had she not have been craving an orgasm for a few days, this would have registered more as an insignificant pinprick. However, it was pleasurable beyond all belief for the girl who had been deprived for a couple days due to studying and complicated schedules. Wiggling her arse backwards, she tried to push it deeper and deeper inside herself, groaning in pleasure as Pansy's haphazard licks occasionally graced her prostate, sending incredible buzzes of pleasure though her body. Wriggling her tongue back and forth inside the girl's arse, Pansy found a small nub that seemed to cause Katie to moan. With her orally skilled tongue -at least in terms of sucking cock- Pansy opted to attack the bulb of flesh, the simple act of a soft and subtle lick cause Katie to shudder and use her free hand to stabilise herself. Propping herself up against the wall, she kept one hand firmly around Pansy's neck, not wanting to allow her a moment to escape, even though Pansy was content and headstrong in her duties. She needed to please Draco up until the point where he would allow her some degree of freedom. Until she got to the common room which was taking longer and longer and quickly rendering his jaw sore. However, she was quickly back in the game as she felt Katie's hand drop to her cock, the girl furiously masturbating as Pansy licked and attacked her arse. The familiar intense moans of pleasure came from Katie's lips, followed by a swift grunt of pleasure and several groans of relief, the brunette painting the wall of classroom in her cum and letting Pansy go, allowing her a moment to breathe. "Merlin… Malfoy has his slut trained well. Are you crawling about on his orders or do you just off on acting like the school whore?" Katie breathed, letting her skirt fall back into place, her hand lazily stroking her cock as she kicked her panties to one side. "None of your business. I'm done here," Pansy said, crawling to the door and unlocking it, only to have it swing open and push her onto her back, her body laid bare of the group of people at the door. Katie stifled a snigger as Fred, George, Angelina, Alicia and Harry all glared down at the naked Slytherin. "Well… It looks like you've got new customers. And I don't think you'll be done as soon as you think," Katie smirked, her cock hardening rapidly as the new arrivals ogled the naked girl, her cock pinned and hidden behind her new adornment, her mouth and face slick with saliva and her arse ready for use, even if Draco firmly said no. Gulping heavily, she noticed the lustful grins on the Chaser Trio's faces, the perverse smirks on the Twins and the slight curiosity on the darling seeker's lips. This would be long… Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that. I had intended to include the Quidditch Team/Pansy stuff in this chapter, but I decided that it was such a delicious grouping that I could hardly not give it its own chapter. That will be a in a few chapters and should be fun. A proper gangbang of sorts! Remember to check out my Tumblr because it will be the go to place for updates, sneak peaks and asking questions. I find that the way Tumblr works is a lot more user friendly in terms of asking questions and getting responses. And it will stop me filling the Author's Notes with a bunch of rambling info. Seeing as this site hates links, you'll have to manually search it. Tumblr has also been really picky, so go into the following tab and type in (fanfiction-writer101). That should work. Obviously without the brackets. If there are still problems let me know via reviews! Next week is another French Bonanza and… well… let's just say, if you like Fleur and Gabrielle then this one will be for you. I mean, they must have got their talents from someone. And they are an awfully close family…
Author's Note: Hey guys! Hope you are all doing well. And hopefully you guys are reading this on time. There have been some problems with people finding my Tumblr, but it seems to work for me now. I've fiddled around with it a bit, but if you search on Tumblr for fanfiction-writer101, it should work. There Is a post called 'Quickie (Harry Potter'. Hope It works, if not I'll tinker some more and figure it out ! For some reason this website hates links, so follow these simple steps to find my Tumblr. Combine (fanfiction-writer101) dot tumblr dot com Obviously, don't write dot, but put a full stop. I genuinely hate how this site works sometimes! We are plodding ever onwards with this story and I have a few particularly naughty chapters coming up. But this one will be introducing yet another French beauty. No prizes for guessing who. It should be a lot of fun and who doesn't love the French. They have proven to be some of the most popular characters in this story and I am more than happy to supply plenty more kinky endeavours involving them. Anyways, without further ado, here is the latest chapter! Enjoy! Chapter 34: Ma Mère Fleur and Gabrielle waited patiently at the edges of the Castle Grounds, surrounded by Ministry Officials and several Aurors, all of whom were on guard following the tragic death the was Barty Crouch Snr. One of the Aurors, a particularly clumsy witch kept glancing over at Fleur in the few moments that she could, but all to no avail. Fleur was more focussed on what was happening. As tradition dictated with the Triwizard Tournament, the families of the Champions were allowed to visit for the final task and in order to imbue a degree of homely confidence, the visiting schools were allowed to invite them a couple of weeks prior to the event. And thus, the Delacours were waiting patiently for the arrival of their dearest family member who had managed to wrangle enough time to visit her daughters at Hogwarts. "Gabrielle, stand up straight. You know how mozer gets when we are in company..." Fleur reprimanded, using one of her hands to adjust her sister's posture, which had evidently been a little perverted by her stay at Hogwarts. She had a cocked hip and her arms were folded lazily behind her back. As she was sorting out her sister's dress, she inadvertently hiked the garment upwards, spying the fact that Gabrielle had opted out of wearing any panties for their mother's arrival, "Gabrielle? Where iz your underwear?" "Underwear? We haven't worn any in weeks?" she retorted, the fact being unwaveringly true. The girls rarely opted for the obstructive hinderance, but having not seen their mother in several months, Fleur had wrongly assumed that her sister would opt for a degree of dignity in greeting their mother. Suddenly, however, the air cracked and the sound of several people apparating onto the small expanse of green grass that had been dedicated to be the apparating space in Hogwarts. There were a couple Aurors and the gorgeous Apolline Delacour, holding the arm of a Ministry Official in on hand and holding a small suitcase in the other. She looked like a slightly older Fleur and was absolutely stunning. The same plump and perfectly formed figure was hidden behind a tight blue dress, a darker hue than the Beauxbaton's uniform. Her hair was just as sleek and delicate, a perfectly beautiful shimmering blonde. There were a few hints of age on her face, a wrinkle of two, but not enough to make any passers-by age her in her late thirties. The Veela nature in her was most definitely prevalent with most of the Aurors, including the eager eyed clumsy witch, turning to ogle her, particularly enjoying the view as she strode past them, her hips gently swaying, her arse deliciously framed in the tightness of her dress. "Mes filles! Comment allez vous?" Apolline exclaimed, rushing forwards and embracing each of her children, hugging them close before offering them a peck on each cheek, despite the urge to show her true excitement building in her stomach. Fleur took her mother's suitcase from the woman's grasp, allowing the older woman to take both of her children's hands and walk slowly down towards the large Beauxbaton's carriage, "Have you both been behaving?" "Of course mozer," Gabrielle beamed, smiling up at the older woman, who looked at her with veiled scepticism. The group of officials kept a far enough pace away from them to not seem suspicious, but a close enough one so as to retain and clear and picturesque view of the three blonde bombshell's arses, all framed deliciously in tight dresses and gently wiggling as they walked. "Well, I can hardly believe zat," Apolline smirked as the three of them rounded the corner and made a b-line for the carriage, the officials and Aurors following despite their path being back towards the castle, "Fleur, dear. Are you nervous? Zere iz only a few weeks till ze next task? Are you prepared and all?" "Do not worry, ma mère. I am preparing. And ze task shall be fine. It iz in a large maze so zere will be no drowning or burning at ze hands of a dragon," Fleur reassured her mother, the three of them arriving at the door to the carriage, turning to face one another. "I am still furious about zat. How dare ze use ma petit Gabrielle as a prize in a task. C'est inacceptable," Apolline lamented, leaning down and planting a soft kiss upon her youngest daughter's forehead, the young girl giggling as the older woman offered her a wink. "Ze asked her first. A Dumbledore iz a very skilled wizard and would 'ave 'armed her," Fleur said, unlocking the carriage and gesturing for her mother and sister to enter. Glancing backwards, she spied the officials who were all suddenly interested in the middle distance, scratching their heads as if they were lost. Smirking, her eyes met the clumsy witch for a moment, who had propped herself up on a tree, awaiting the love-struck fools she called colleagues. Brushing it aside, Fleur entered the carriage and guided her mother through the corridors and up into their bedroom, closing the doors so as to not be disturbed by her classmates. Fleur had to pry her mother away from the fellow classmates as she was very acquainted with them all. The Delacours were integral to Beauxbatons Academy of Magic and thus she knew the girl very well. "Ah, at least Madam Maxine iz treating you well," Apolline smiled, walking into the room and sliding her high heels off, before letting her hair down. Plucking a grape from the fruit bowl, she wandered over to the bed and slid down on the foot of the fluffy duvet, patting the surface next to her, gesturing for Gabrielle to join her. Gabrielle was near obsessed with her mother as any young girl is. At home, they were often inseparable, and this fact was the sole reason why Gabrielle was indoctrinated into their perverse family tendencies at such a young age. Apolline couldn't tend to Fleur's needs without Gabrielle being close at hand, "So, tell me about ze ozer champions." "Krum iz a bull-headed buffoon. Cedric iz a sappy love-bird, obsessed with ze Asian harlot. And 'arry… 'arry is nice," Fleur listed off, taking a seat, Apolline raising an eyebrow at her last few words, whilst Gabrielle kept her tongue shut. Seeing the look, Fleur reiterated, "He's just a boy who got forced into ze wrong place at ze wrong time. He's nice enough and doesn't deserve ze situation." "Ah. Gabrielle, be a dear and unzip me," Apolline asked, leaning forwards so that the young girl could swiftly unzip the back of her dress. Sliding up onto her feet, the older woman worked the fabric down and around her feet, revealing her intricate light blue lingerie, comprised of a corset, thong, garter belt and stockings, as well as many other flowery decorative pieces that accentuated her curves and buxom parts. Breathing heavily, she began to untie the many pieces, knowing full well that she didn't have to adhere to modesty in front of her girls, "Have you been… getting acquainted with zem? Learning zere weaknesses?" "Trying to. Krum hasn't got a brain cell to hand. I would get acquainted, but he iz very… he iz not my type. And Cedric will not deviate from his girlfriend. 'arry and 'is friends have been very illuminating," Fleur recounted, recalling the many fond times she had had with his entourage of friends. Glancing back at her mother, she watched the woman drop her panties, her large cock flopping free. The reason Fleur was so large was the small amount of Veela blood that ran through her veins. Her mother was half Veela, twice as much as Fleur, and her shaft showed it. Standing proud at fifteen inches, it was almost ludicrous on the woman and had she not been as tall and slender, it would have looked monstrous. It had always been more cumbersome than beneficial, with Apolline often neglecting to use it, unless on her husband or Fleur. As much as Gabrielle loved and lavished her moth, the older woman wasn't quite ready to inflict such a long length on her youngest daughter, even if it wasn't nearly as thick as Fleur's. She had also freed her breasts and was working her stockings down her legs slowly. "Maybe I shall 'ave to 'ave a chat avec 'arry at some point zen. But it 'as been too long ma filles and I 'ave missed your tender touches," Apolline lamented, a smirk coming to Fleur's lips as the woman made her intentions perfectly clear. She and Gabrielle had a bet as to how long it would take for the family to get properly intimate once more and it was evidently clear that Fleur had won. Turning to face her youngest daughter, Apolline leant in and kissed her, the simple graze of her soft, experienced lips, being able to set Gabrielle's cock rock solid, the older woman dipping her hand down to Gabrielle's creamy thighs and slipping a hand between them. Her fingers danced slowly upwards as her lips parted and her tongue delved into the sweet depths that were Gabrielle's mouth, exploring the sumptuous nooks and crannies of her youngest daughter's mouth. As her hands found Gabrielle's crotch, Apolline pulled away with a stern, but faked look on her face, "No panties? Gabby? 'Ave I not taught you better? Only common sluts walk around with zere cocks hanging free. Tut, tut…" "I told you Gabrielle," Fleur smirked, sliding up of her feet and striding slowly across the room to her mother's other side, the two older women looking down at the young girl, who had an unmistakable blush on her lips. However, the lack of panties wasn't enough to dissuade Apolline's wandering fingers, which hooked themselves around Gabrielle's cock, gently stroking her a few times, until a bead of pre-cum rolled down her tiny pink tip. Dropping her fingers lower, Apolline grasped Gabrielle's balls in between her fingers, a soft moan escaping Gabrielle's lips before her body seized up, her mother's grip tightening. "I did not raise a slut. And so… I think a punishment iz fitting. Take off your dress," Apolline ordered, letting go of Gabrielle's balls long enough for the young girl to unbutton her dress and untie it. Dropping it to the ground, she stood naked for the two women, Fleur's hand already up her own skirt and gently tugging on her cock, biting her lip to stifle any moans. She had already guess exactly what was coming Gabrielle's way and was waiting with eager anticipation for the young girl's punishment. Apolline's hand took Gabrielle's arm firmly and tugged the young girl across her lap, her hardened cock pressing firmly against the young girl's flat stomach. Confused, Gabrielle quickly figured out what was going on as her mother's hand firmly smacked her arse, her young pliable flesh jiggling in response to the sharp slap. Yelping loudly, Gabrielle felt her flesh sting and grow redder, her mother's hand print lingering on her creamy white skin. Her eyes met Fleur's who was watching with eager anticipation, watching her sister's bum bounce and jiggle as her mother struck it again and again, spanking her youngest daughter for being as promiscuous as she was. Of course, Apolline would have it no other way. One of the great pleasures of her life were moments like this. Sitting naked, with her daughter astride her lap, receiving a stern, but sexual spanking; all whilst her other daughter lazily jerked herself off, watching lustfully at her other family members. Increasing the firmness of her slaps, Apolline followed her sharp spanks by gently rubbing Gabrielle's cheeks, massaging them softly before spanking her once again. Trusting in the rhythm of her hand and her blind aim, Apolline turned to Fleur and leant forwards. Her lips pressed softly against Fleur's the two kissing softly, before leaning in. Both of them were experts in the matter, Fleur having learnt from her own mother. Parting their lips, they delved into each other's mouths, exploring each other's lips with the room filling with steady and powerful smacks, Gabrielle softly yelping in response to them. Submitting to the two older witches, Gabrielle wasn't one to be outdone by the two women. She might be young, but she didn't roll over so easily. Except when entertaining company. Lifting Fleur's skirt, Gabrielle hooked her fingers around her sister's cock. The older sister had already freed her cock from the small pair of panties that she had been wearing. Glancing downwards, Fleur winked at her sister before leaving her cock in the competent young hands of young and eager slut. Jerking Fleur's mammoth cock with both her hands, Gabrielle waited until a small bead of pre-cum dribbled down from her cock head. With that subtle hint, she leant upwards, pushing her arse up into the air to meet Apolline's hand. Wrapping her pert lips around Fleur's cock as she had done so many times before. Her tongue curled around her tip, lapping eagerly at the purplish tip, pre-cum pouring down onto her twisting and wriggling tongue. With her hands no longer busy with her own cock, Fleur lifted them to her mother's breasts, gently squeezing and playing with the soft mounds. Just like Fleurs, they were so perfect they looked near fake, but were decidedly real. Larger than Fleur's, they had a delicious weight to them. And as Fleur knew, rather intimately, they were the most sensitive part of her mother's body aside from her cock. Gasping at the soft fondling fingers, Apolline pulled her lips away from Fleur's smiling widely as her eldest daughter offered her a similar salacious smile before leaning slowly downwards. Parting her lips once more, Fleur took one of her mother's large puffy nipples, gently running her tongue around the erect nipple, Apolline throwing her hair back and moaning loudly, breathing sharply inwards as her daughter lavished her breasts, tending to her most sensitive areas. Unlike most women who found the erect nipple more sensitive, Apolline's areola was where the most sumptuous of pleasure could be divined; a fact that both Gabrielle and Fleur knew intimately well. It was one of the things their mother reminded them of the most whenever they were buried between her breasts, at work pleasuring her tits. It took Gabrielle only a moment to plunge her lips down Fleur's cock, the young girl hoping to grasp her mother's attention with her acute oral skills. The younger girl had never been able to conquer her mother's length, always choking and gagging as the last two inches neared her lips. But having practised extensively on her sister's cock, she was confident that it was only a matter of time before she was swallowing and eagerly lavishing every inch of her mom's sumptuous shaft. Easily deepthroating Fleur's cock, she spluttering and spewed saliva up and down her length, coating her in copious amounts of saliva, her hands taking her balls and gently massaging them. Unbeknownst to her, however, her mother was not watching in awe as she guzzled cock without breaking a sweat. She was instead focussed on the older sister who was delicately attending to her nipples, pleasing and pleasuring in a sweet way. Not spanking Gabrielle as much, Apolline instead pulled apart her small bum cheeks and found the young girl's gaping hole, readily used and trained by taking her sister's cock inside her. Surprised at how easily her hole was pried open, Apolline dipped a finger inside her, burying it up to the knuckle and gently wriggling it back and forth. She didn't hear a single sound from the young girl. Not even a muffled groan of appreciation. Not even a single finger was enough to register in her gaping hole. Smirking, she glanced down at the young girl's rear entrance and then over to her daughter's collection of toys that were laid across the chest of drawers. Finding her wand amidst the folds of her dress, she gently enchanted one of the many dildos, lifting it up and over into her grasp. It was a weighty one of about ten inches, yet was decidedly thicker than usual, perfect for testing the young butt slut's abilities. Lifting the toy to her own mature lips, she took the tip into her mouth. Making sure that it would stay in place, she let go and rested a single finger against the base of it, slowly pushing it forwards and into her mouth. She swallowed it without even blinking, coating it in saliva before plucking it from her throat and lowering it to Gabrielle's arsehole. Gabrielle's rear eagerly and easily took the first half of the cock, Apolline watching in perverse awe as her youngest daughter proved to be incredibly anally adept. Pushing it deeper inside the young girl, Apolline managed to lodge the entire length inside her, making sure to keep a tight grip of the end of the toy so as to not let the young girl envelop the entire cock. Moaning softly as her breasts became slick with Fleur's saliva, Apolline slowly and steadily began to drill in and out of Gabrielle's bum, hearing soft and muffled moans dribble from her mouth as she slobbered and sloppily suckled on her sister's massive length. Apolline had missed her daughters desperately. It wasn't that she didn't get any relief as Mr. Delacour had married her for a reason beyond her good looks, but she didn't have the perverse naughtiness that her daughters embodied. It was so wrong and yet decidedly right. Gasping softly around Fleur's cock, Gabrielle quickly began to groan loudly around her length, sending more sumptuous pleasure through the older witch's cock as she bobbed her throat up and down, saliva dribbling down and over Fleur's balls. Gabrielle missed the sharp sting of her mother's spanking but was relieved to know that she hadn't simply cast her aside and was now working a sizable length in and out of her bum. Although she had grown used to far bigger lengths over the year, she was happy to start with a smaller warm up. Because, as she lay across her mother's lap, she felt every inch of her deliciously large cock pressing against her. And despite her mother's insistence on not impaling her youngest daughter on the length, there was nothing that Gabrielle wanted more than to afford her mother the pleasure of her impeccably tight and well-trained arse. Continuing to tend to her sister's cock, Gabrielle pushed herself upwards slightly, trying to get another inch inside her rear end, wanting to feel the entire shaft inside her. Her prostate was readily massaged with each deep and pleasurable push, the tingling bursts of sumptuous pleasure cascading through her body, her moans vibrating along Fleur's cock and milking copious amounts of pre-cum from her tip. Fleur was enveloped by her mother's breasts, licking and suckling on each nipple, rolling them back and forth between her tongue and teeth, gently nibbling on the plump, fluffy teats. Her hand reached down to her sister's head, forcing the young girl's flexing throat down on her cock, the young girl finally gagging as she had the control wrenched away from her, her throat being used for the older girl's stimulation and nothing else. Submitting, she gagged and spluttered heavily around her cock, dribbling down her shaft until finally Fleur pulled her head up and brought her up of her mother's knees, letting the young girl stand between Apolline and Fleur, the dildo dropping from her arse as the three girls rubbed their hands across each other's breasts, savouring the plump heftiness of Apolline's, the full and perfect handfuls of Fleur and Gabrielle's tinny budding breasts, so youthful and deliciously appetising. "Ma mère… S'il vous plait. Would you fuck me, s'il vous plait/ Fleur will tell you zat I can 'andle it, ma mère. S'il vous plait," Gabrielle begged, lowering her lips to her mother's breasts, knowing that If she was to sway her mother it would be best to attack her nipples and tend to her delicious boobs. "Non, vous êtes trop jeune. And I know you think you are ready, but It would be wrong of me to say yes. Besides, zere are plenty ozer pleasures zat we can indulge in ma petit fille…" Apolline purred, lifting her daughter's lips from her breasts and guiding them to her own, sliding her tongue into the young girl's mouth as they embraced passionately, Fleur's hand going to her cock to pleasure herself. She could watch her mother and sister all day without tiring. It was sublime sight indeed. Pulling away from Gabrielle, Apolline slid up onto her feet, her cock bouncing between her thighs as she strode past the two children towards the bathroom, "But I must freshen up first. Ze apparating always leaves me in a sorry state…" "C'est incroyable… Zere iz no winning…" Gabrielle groaned as soon as her mother closed the door. Flopping back on the bed, she groaned, watching as her sister rose to her feet and slowly began to undress, neatly folding her clothing over the back of a chair before working on her underwear. "She iz right, Gabby. C'est géant. Ze Veela blood iz strong dans la mère… And az experienced az you 'ave become, zere is no doubt it would be too much," Fleur smirked, unhooking her bra, groaning as her breasts fell free. Dropping her underwear, she joined her sister and gently began to fondle the young girl. "Zere iz only one way to find out if it would be too much, non? What do I have to do to convince you?" Gabrielle asked, rolling on top of Fleur, her small cock slapping between Fleur's breasts, the older girl instinctively pressing the globes together and sandwiching Gabrielle's cock between them, the young girl slowly moving back and forth, moaning softly to herself. "Hmm… If you do me a favour, I'll help you? Deal?" Fleur smirked, reaching up and pinching one of Gabrielle's nipples, pulling it downwards and forcing the young girl to hunch over, their lips coming closer and closer. Battling each other's mouths, Gabrielle asked in between kisses. "What kind of favour?" she smirked, kissing her sister diligently, their tongues battling one another as she gently writhed back and forth, lazily fucking her sister's breasts. Without Fleur's constant pressure, the tit-fuck became little more than dragging her cock against Fleur's chest, but her soft skin made for quite the deliciously pleasurable friction. "I 'ave a plan for a gathering. A party of sorts to celebrate mother's arrival. Ze other girls are so very excited to see 'er and I need… a maid. I still 'ave ze outfit and just need an eager little slut to put it on," Fleur smirked, Gabrielle pulling away almost instantly with a shocked look on her face. "Fine, but I am not going to be waiting around on ze ozer girls all night. I need to 'ave fun az well," Gabrielle smirked, playfully smacking her sister's cheek as she rolled of onto the bed. Pushing up onto her feet, Fleur strolled over to the bathroom door, plucking up a silk blindfold from the bedside table and offering Gabrielle a subtle wink. "Ma mère… We 'ave a petit surprise for you," Fleur smirked as Apolline came to the door. Before she could make it into the room, Fleur tied the blindfold around her head, the older woman smirking and chuckling to herself. She felt Fleur walk behind her, her hands snaking around her waist and grabbing her thick, pulsating cock. Fleur's cock pressed against her mother's firm derriere, sliding up between her cheeks and gently grinding against her tight, constricted arsehole. Guiding her mother to the bed blindfolded, Fleur nibbled gently on her neck, purring into her ear, "Ze English say zat pleasure iz amplified when ze ozer senses are removed. Shall we find out if zat is true, ma mère?" "Mon dieu… Of course, mes filles," Apolline purred, biting her lip as she was laid down on the bed, her head propped up on the pillows and her daughter's standing either side of her, sharing a salacious and sultry smirk with one another before getting to work in silence. They both knew that if their mother figured out who was doing what to her then the whole trick would be null and void, so silence was key. At least when Gabrielle had her mother balls deep inside her. The two girls were quick to find their positions, with Fleur straddling her mother's face, lingering above the older woman's experienced tongue, waiting for Gabrielle to lean down between Apolline's thighs and collecting the mammoth cock in her hands. Eager to test her deepthroat capabilities before plunging the cock inside her -and wanting to lubricate the hefty length- Gabrielle gently flicked her tongue across her mother's rigid tip, the older woman softly moaning, her lips parting and allowing Fleur to sink downwards onto her face. Apolline quickly figured out what was expected, her tongue lurching forwards and finding her daughter's tight little hole. Tracing around the edges, she covered every inch in a thin layer of saliva, darting back and forth eagerly. She lifted her hands up to grasp Fleur's thighs, pulling the woman down onto her tongue, the wriggling muscle plunging deep inside her arse. It was an unceremonious entrance, but one of immense pleasure, Fleur eliciting several silent moans as she gasped audible. Naturally, through Apolline's experience, her tongue had become inherently adept, being able to dart and plunge at all the proper places. If she intended, she knew just the technique to make someone cum near instantly. Of course, that was the cheat's way out and was hardly entertaining for anyone. In fact, it was rather dull if anything. However, it was a neat party trick and one she exercised somewhat frequently. It came in handy in certain situations. However, with Fleur she wanted to savour and lavish the young girl's arse and had every intention of licking and lapping away all night. Only stopping to let her daughters swap. Pushing deep inside Fleur's arse, she found her button within seconds, not even having to wriggle around to find it. Her tongue lay flat against her prostate, Fleur letting out a low groan followed by a salacious grin of approval, easing herself further down on her mother's tongue. Gently moving it back and forth, she lovingly massaged her bead of flesh, sending tactical vibrations along the slick morsel in order to make the girl sing with pleasure. Fleur was always very composed, but with her mother's experienced and immensely pleasurable tongue attacking her prostate, she was a complete mess of unhampered moans and heavy breaths. Her cock twitched heavily between her legs as it slapped against her mother's moving chin, the tip of her length resting in between her mom's breasts, perfectly place amongst her buxom cleavage. Lowering her hands down to her mother's hands, she lifted her soft palms and guided them to her plump breasts, using them to press the soft mounds together, sandwiching her cock in a soft, slick haven; primarily thanks to Gabrielle's diligent oral attentions. Figuring out what Fleur intended, Apolline pushed her boobs firmly together, creating a sumptuous pocket of soft, velvety flesh for her daughter to gently fuck with her thick cock. Shifting her hips back and forth just enough to start to gently fuck her mom's breasts, but not enough to dislodge the young that was plundering her arse hole, Fleur felt the pleasure coursing through her body immediately amplify, the pleasure of having both her ass and cock attended to being almost unbearably amazing. Luckily, Apolline was quick to adjust her tongue, slowing her pace down to deftly accommodate for the new avenue of pleasure. She had to stifle her own moans as the feeling of Fleur's cock grinding against her sensitive breasts was quite arousing, causing her own cock to twitch in Gabrielle's grasp, the young girl grinning as several beads of pre-cum rolled down the tip of his massive length. Gabrielle never did get used to just how big her mother's cock was and whilst it was considerably longer than the average woman, it's thickness wasn't as unbearable, leading to Gabrielle's conclusion that she could handle it. Despite it probably being longer than her forearm and hand. Apolline got used to its length but was fully aware that she couldn't simply slam it inside someone. Luckily Mr Delacour was a decided bottom and had over time become quite adept at handling her cock. Fleur was on her way, but still had to take breaks in between her gentle fucking. Gabrielle held her mother's cock in both her hands, her young and nimble hands gliding up and down her cock, milking her large and sumptuous length for all it was length. She was dwarfed by her mother's extensive size, but that didn't make Gabrielle nervous. Leaning forwards, she parted her young and skilful lips, wrapping them delicately around Apolline's cock head. She could feel her lips stretching to accommodate the thick and pulsating length, but that didn't deter the young and eager slut's lips. Plunging her throat down along Apolline's cock, Gabrielle swallowed half the mature woman's cock without even blinking, her lips hungrily gulping at more of her length. Her lips wrapped delicately around the halfway mark of Apolline's enormous length, Gabrielle being far from satisfied with the comparatively small amount of cock she had in her throat. Had Gabrielle been entirely in control, she would have had all of Apolline's cock lodged in her tight, prepubescent throat. Moaning loudly, she pushed further and further down, her throat beginning to spasm and convulse as each subsequent inch slipped deeper into her flexing and spasming hole. Saliva dribbled down from her lips, coating the remainder of Apolline's cock, Gabrielle's hands being quick collect the slick lubrication and use it to coat her mother's heavy pair of balls. The older witch moaned into Fleur's arse, lifting her own hips in an attempt to push more of her cock into the young girl's eager mouth. Gabrielle was quick to help her, her hands reaching beneath the woman and grasping her soft arse cheeks, lifting her rear upwards and plunging a few more inches of cock into her throat. Moaning loudly, she did her best to relax her gags, her mouth twitching as she neared the last two inches; reaching as far as she had ever reached before. Breathing steadily, Gabrielle focussed on massaging her mother's balls, making sure that Apolline was moaning loudly. As pleasurable as it was to be almost balls deep in her tight little throat, the pleasure of a good blowjob comes from the lustful dragging of your lips back and forth. Gabrielle had every intention to pound her throat with her mother's cock, but the remaining two illusive inches were becoming a point of pride for the young slut and there was no way that she wasn't going to take the entirety of her mother's mammoth cock in both her holes. No inch would go un-sucked or un-fucked. Pushing herself, she started to gag even more, coughing around her mother's cock and unwittingly amplifying the pleasure that tingled through her shaft. It took a little work, the young girl's throat bulging as the second last inch dipped into her depths. Controlling her breathing, she took one look at the last inch and forced her lips downwards in a sharp and swift movement, her lips pressing against Apolline's shaved crotch for all but a second before the young girl was forced to pull her lips of her length, gasping for air as her saliva slick chin glistened seductively. But even as she fought to catch her breath, her hands still slid up and down her mother's cock dutifully, her saliva slick shaft slipping through her fingers with ease. Tightening her grip on the cock, she heard an audible moan from her mother's lips ripple through Fleur's arse, the older sister moaning in pleasure as a response. She was slowly building a rhythm, gently fucking her mother's breasts, her pre-cum lubricating her cleavage and turning it into a shimmering pocket of flesh. Even though Gabrielle's mind was focussing on the next step of their plan, she couldn't draw her eyes away from her sister's cock slipping and sliding through her mother's breasts, the soft flesh prying itself apart as her cock carved through the deliciously pleasurable valley of skin. Surely, she could wait a moment longer to impale herself on her mother's cock. Shifting herself up so that she was straddling Apolline's belly, Gabrielle spit on her own cock, jerking herself back and forth to a lubed shimmer before inching forwards towards the underside of her mother's breasts. Guiding the tip of her cock, Gabrielle thrust in between Apolline's breasts, immediately moaning loudly as her cock was sandwiched not only between her heavenly globes but was also pressed firmly against Fleur's shaft. All three of them savoured the sensation, Apolline's tongue grinding to a halt as her sensitive chest was attacked by both her daughter's cocks. It took the two girls a moment, but eventually, Fleur and Gabrielle started to gently fuck back and forth, treating their mother's cleavage as a tight, sumptuous hole to be fucked, their two cocks double teaming her as their balls gently slapped against the rapidly slickening flesh. Drawing their hips back in unison, the two girls thrust forwards in tandem, groaning as their rigid cocks massaged one another, pre-cum dribbling from their lengths as they sped up. Reaching down, Gabrielle ran her thumb along her mother's breasts, gently rubbing her nipples. Tweaking the sensitive nubs, she pulled Apolline's hands away from her boobs and replaced them with her own, tightening the pleasurable pocket for both her and Fleur. Apolline's hands then began to wander, reaching up and grasping Fleur's tits, gently massaging and playing with the plump and delectable handfuls, loving the squashy plumpness of each breast. Her tongue plunged back into action, attacking Fleur's prostate with a reinvigorated fervour. The tip of her tongue curled around the sensitive button, licking and darting back and forth across it, the audible increase in moans from her eldest daughter being a sure-fire sign that her tongue was doing the right job. Fleur was on the verge of orgasm, slowly her thrusts down considerably, not wanting to explode to early, but wanting to savour the pleasures that her mother was so graciously providing with her ample chest and deftly skilled tongue. "Ma mère… Would you like me and Gabby to swap? I so long to 'ave your cock inside me once more…" Fleur purred, rolling off Apolline's face, the older woman licking her lips, her eyes occluded by her blindfold. Gabrielle let go of her breasts, slipping her cock out from between them and watching as Fleur used a handkerchief to clean herself up and remove her mother's spittle from her asshole. "Zat sounds parfait…" Apolline moaned, only to feel her hands get slowly tugged away from her, Fleur tying them to the bed post, knowing full well that if he mother's hands roamed free, she'd instantly tell that it was her and not the younger more pliable sister. Offer a sultry smirk to her invisible daughter, Apolline moaned, "Ah… I do hope you will not take advantage of me in such a vulnerable state." "We will take advantage, but in no way that you would not readily hand over voluntarily," Fleur smirked, leaning down and stealing a kiss from her mother before straddling her face once more. One of her hands found her cock, lifting it upwards slightly so that the thick length didn't flop down to Apolline's breasts, giving the trick away. Sinking her arse down, she returned her sumptuous arse to her mother's face, her oblivious tongue pushing deep inside what she presumed to be the youngest of her children, giving Gabrielle the freedom to grasp Apolline's slick cock and nestle the throbbing, bulbous tip against her young arse. Breathing deeply, she tried to calm herself, her nerves almost enough to cause her to stop. However, she had come this far. Slowly, but surely, her tight little butt gave away and the throbbing cock head slipped inside her eager and sumptuous arsehole. Gasping, Gabrielle's hand flung to her lips, silencing the outcry before Apolline could figure it out. Letting out instead a low, singular groan that blended with Fleur's soft and delicate moans, Gabrielle used Fleur to steady herself as she inched slowly downwards, inch after inch of sumptuous, silky cock pushing into her arsehole and making her body tingle with pleasure. The probing cockhead reached her prostate, the young girl whimpering softly, the stifled moans being as unbearable to control as the cock. Her hand flew to her own cock, jerking herself rapidly, stroking her length and milking herself for pleasure in an attempt to cut the dull pain that was darting around her tight ring. Fleur did her best to help, her soft hands finding Gabrielle's budding breasts, and gently massaging them, lowering her lips to the tiny little nubs and letting her tongue dart and curl around the erect bead of pleasure. Gabrielle managed to sink half of her mother's cock inside herself before having to stop for a moment, her hand furiously jerking herself off. Apolline's cock got progressively thicker the further down she got. Not enough to be able to notice it at a glance, but enough to notice it as it slid inside your ass. Moaning, she gently bounced up and down, her hand using Fleur's shoulder as support, the two-girls gazing lustful into each other's eyes before softly kissing on another, the intimate embrace distracting Gabrielle from the cock that was plunging into her asshole. Slowly, but surely, her gentle bounces managed inch more cock inside her, each deep thrust pushing another inch inside her, her ass slowly brimming with sublime pleasure as her asshole loosened to accommodate the length. Her hand fell away from her cock, Fleur quickly replacing it with her own, stroking her little sister off as she bounced eagerly up and down on her mother's mammoth cock. She must have slipped ten inches inside herself when she had to take it slower. She started to slide up and down her cock, bouncing softly along the same three inches. The prostate massage that it was providing was essential in loosening her up and eventually, she didn't even notice as eleventh and twelfth inches slipped inside. The thirteenth one however cut her breath short as she fell forwards, a twinge of pain echoing through her arse as she stopped her slow and steady bounces, the jerking hand that was working at her cock speeding up considerably. Fleur had started to disregard the pleasurable tongue inside her arse, instead focussing on her sister's pleasure, not even realising that her orgasm was on the brink with nothing holding her back from spraying her mother's breasts with her cum. Her hand was jerking her own cock, which she was doing her best to keep away from touching her mother's tits, but eventually, she gave up on that endeavour, letting her shaft flop down between Apolline's breasts, the older woman pausing for a moment, but not deterring from her oral ministrations. Looking into her sister's eyes, Gabrielle took a deep breath, her logic being that this was like ripping a plaster off. Leaning back, she took control of her cock, her hand giving her length a slow and steady massage. Drawing her hips back upwards, she pulled a couple inches out of her arse before easing back down, slowly working up a tempo, her arse massaging the thick cock inside her, until finally, with one swift and painfully pleasurable push, she slammed her hips down, her bum smacking against Apolline's thighs, her cock roaring with pleasure. Gasping, her lips fell open and any attempt at maintaining the façade was lost as she moaned, "Fuck!" That was all the young girl's body needed, her arse spasming and clenching as she spurted several long, pent-up strands of cum across her mother's belly, painting her with her seed. Her hand continued to jerk back and forth, the young girl moaning uncontrollably. The sight was quite spectacular, with the young girl's body rippling and bouncing with the impact. Watching it happen tipped Fleur over the edge, the young girl spurting massive amounts of cum down and onto Apolline's breasts, a single drop rolling down the entire length of her cock and landing on Apolline's moving chin. Rolling off Apolline's face, Fleur quickly helped Gabrielle slid the cock out of her, the young girl groaning as the tip finally left her ass and the heavy length slapped against the older witch's belly. The two girls didn't even have to say anything as the both lunged at Apolline's cock, their hands and mouths lavish and tending to any and every inch, until finally, her orgasm hit her, the older woman spraying copious amounts of cum down and onto Fleur and Gabrielle's faces, the two girls closing their eyes and eagerly accepting the plentiful facial. "Mon dieu! C'est merveilleux!" Apolline bellowed as her cock began to deflate, the two girls rushing to untie their mother. Pulling the blindfold off, Apolline was faced with the two girl's, their faces slick with cum. Without even saying a word, she leant forwards, kissing Gabrielle, feeling the cum slip into their mouths, the older woman tasting herself on Gabrielle's tongue. Pulling away, she did the same, kissing her cum soaked daughter, their lips mingling as cum was shared between them. Swallowing a strand of her own cum, Apolline pulled away and watched with eager eyes as the two girls turned and shared a kiss, the cum stricken lips pressing against one another, the two moaning at the shared taste, "It iz true what ze English zay. Zat pleasure is amplified when ze ozer senses are removed. C'est très bien!" "If you will excuse moi, I shall go and clean myself up," Gabrielle smiled, pushing up and disappearing into the bathroom, leaving Fleur and Apolline together, the two of them sharing a giddy smile. Wrapping their arms around each other, they pulled each other close, their cumstained bodies rubbing together in a sultry and slick manner. "She did well. Did you manage to get her to agree to ze deal?" Apolline smirked, revealing that she knew all along. Of course, she knew. Frankly the older woman was astounded that Gabrielle wasn't under the impression that her mother knew the intimate details of both their rear entrances. She could tell she was feasting on the same hole. Then again, that was the plan. "Oui. She will be wearing ze maid's outfit for ze party. Just like you asked in ze letter," Fleur smirked, stealing a kiss as the two of them rolled back and forth, eventually having Apolline straddling Fleur, their cocks hardening as she slipped and pressed against one another. "Ah… Very well done. It 'as always been a fantasy of mine to see her little arse in such a tight and skimpy outfit. Just like when you wore ze little schoolgirl outfit. Perhaps, we should break zat one out again," Apolline smirked, her tongue curving around Fleur's nipples. "Az, I recall, you still owe me a favour for fulfilling zat fantasy…" Fleur smirked, pushing herself up and sitting with her mother straddling her rapidly hardening cock, "So I was wondering if you would be willing to 'elp me with some… tactful… introductions? Zere iz a fantasy of my own, but It can only be fulfilled under certain circumstances and… well… ze details can wait…" "Anything for ma petit fille…" Apolline moaned, feeling Fleur's cock prodding against her arsehole, the tip hardened and ready for action. Adjusting herself slightly, Apolline sank her hips downwards, feeling the head push inside her asshole. The two women moaned in unison, before Apolline stole a kiss, muttering, "But first… I 'ave been in need of a good arse fucking for a long while now… Care to 'elp your mozer out?" "It would by my pleasure," Fleur moaned, lowering her lips to Apolline's cum covered breasts, lavishing the globes with her tongue, all the while cleaning and tasting her sumptuous seed. Fleur had missed her family life. Everything about it was so… perfect. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that! I know that the Frenches are a lot of people's favourites, so I thought, why not add a third one! And have no fear, there is plenty more French action coming up, including a chapter that I am very excited to start working on. Should be fun! I also want to remind you that my Tumblr is online and you can find it at the link below. Just remove the spaces because removes any and all links. Don't know why. There is a Harry Potter short, a celebrity short (featuring Emilia Clarke and Sophie Turner) as well as some Doctor Who fun! Also, there will be a Bellatrix short coming soon! So, if you need more of a fix, head over there! For some reason this website hates links, so follow these simple steps to find my Tumblr. Combine (fanfiction-writer101) dot tumblr dot com Obviously, don't write dot, but put a full stop. I genuinely hate how this site works sometimes! Next week we have what a lot of people have been asking for. A good old-fashioned gangbang. But who will be the subject of a group of throbbing cocks? Who will be indulging in that eager little slut? Ah, the suspense. Let's just say, Quidditch can really divide people. Till next time!
Author's Note: Another week, another dose of smutty goodness. Hope you are all doing well. This week we of course return to where we left of with the Gryffindor Quidditch team and their untimely (or timely, depending on how you look at it) arrival on the scene of Katie and Pansy's intimate encounter! Warning, this one is going to be a rough one and Pansy isn't gonna come out of this one gleaming. And for those who think I'm taking it too hard on Pansy, rest easy as this is the last of the Pansy brutality. At least for now. She does need revenge after all! I also have a favour to ask. Now whilst I love your reviews and they genuinely light up my day, I do get a lot of mixed reactions (mixed in the sense that people take to certain chapters more than others) and as we are nearing the end of the story and looking forwards to the next book, I'd quite like to gauge exactly what people enjoy about the story. The character stuff and how it pertains to the smut, the rougher dominating stuff or just the kinkier sex. Or do you just enjoy the fact that your favourite characters have massive schlongs and love anything and everything that involves that. I would genuinely love some feedback in terms of the whole story so far. Also remember, I have Tumblr now, Link in the previous chapter. I'm also going to be taking a two-week break, with the next chapter being uploaded on the 2nd of April. Personally, I feel like I'm not writing as well as I used to. You might not notice it, but I'm feeling a little uninspired. I by no means am going to leave this story, in fact I'm set on finishing it. It's just a little bit of writer's block and I don't want to crank out uninspired chapters. Especially considering the creativity that the next chapter will entail. So, I'm taking two weeks to reset and will be back better than ever. Follow me on Tumblr for smaller stories in the meantime. Enjoy, the long-anticipated Gryffindor Quidditch Team Gangbang! Well, more orgy with a some Slytherin entertainment… Chapter 35: Slytherin's Slut "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and use my throat like the whore I am?" Pansy recited dutifully, this time being the hardest and quite possibly the most difficult to swallow. On her knees, she breathed in heavily, waiting for the inevitable reaction. It came swiftly and loudly as all five of the new entrants burst into laughing, the two black women being the loudest as they stared into the face of one of the people they despised the most. The Twins turned to one another to support each other, whilst Harry quietly laughed in the background. He felt a pang of guilt for the young girl, but after four years of miserably bullying and taunting, even he couldn't deny the cathartic bliss of watching her on all fours, naked and offering herself up like a common street whore. It was quite the image and one that he silently wished he could share with Ginny as she would be lording this over Pansy for years and years to come. Bowing her head, Pansy tried to ignore their reaction, none of them quite able to believe their eyes. "Wait? Is this actually happening?" Angelina chortled, controlling herself, her panties beginning to tighten as she admired the naked girl's form. A little flat and quite boyish in places, it wasn't a bad look, giving her quite the twink-like appearance, something that Angelina relished. "Well, either that or Katie's dropped her knickers for no good reason," Fred noticed, as Katie turned around, folded her arms and shot them a glare, her cock beginning to harden again. She glanced over at Harry, worried that he'd be a little put off. It was her suggestion that they get the Quidditch Team together for a 'meeting' so that Harry wouldn't be taken aback by the uniqueness of their more adult sessions come the start of next year. And so far, Harry was a little oblivious to the true nature of their meeting, his focus taken up by the naked girl in the room. "And cum across the wall," George added pointing to the dripping cum that was running down the side of the classroom. Cocking her hips, Katie blushed slightly, "But then again, knowing Katie, she might have just whapped herself out and decided to desecrate some school property." "I'll desecrate you in a moment if you don't shut up," Katie snapped, raising her eyebrows, the Twins turning in unison and laughing. Pulling her panties up, Katie walked over to Harry, gently nudging him as they all looked down at Pansy, quite unsure as to what to do, despite it all being rather straight forwards. "Can I go? Or are you not done laughing?" Pansy snarled angrily, resting her pert bum on her heels, folding her arms annoyedly as the six of them stifled their giggles at the young girl. George and Fred noticed the chastity cage, their faces turning near blue as they tried to stop themselves. "So… let me get this straight? You are crawling about asking people if they want a blowy?" Alicia asked, Pansy nodding slowly in response, her face going shades of red that weren't humanly possible, "And you are doing all this for… fun? A bet? Or is Draco leasing you out for a few galleons?" "I'm not a fucking whore!" Pansy burst out, taking all six of them by surprise, keeping their tongues quiet. All except Fred and George who couldn't ignore the perfect opportunity to be proven right. Pansy glanced past them at the small sliver of window that was set into the door, occasionally seeing Draco glance in, shaking his head before disappearing. Unsure as to what she should do, she sat there, taking the abuse. "Go and repeat what you said in the beginning? You know: my name is Pansy Parkinson, Slytherin's Queen slag…" George asked, folding his arms and resting his chin on his fist, as Fred did the same, the pair of them shooting her an accusatory look. "My name is Pansy Parkinson. Do you want to fuck my mouth and use me like the whore I am?" she recited, hating the words that came from her lips and hating the reaction that got from the Twins, who looked at each other, exaggerating their surprise. "Oh… I think. I think George. If you listen real, real closely. She said that she was… was, and let me know if I'm getting this right, I think it's pronounced, whore…" Fred mocked, getting pushed aside as Alicia and Angelina strode into the main pair of the room, rapidly undressing without a single morsel of shame. Pulling their shirts of, the two girls helped each other with their bras, their bountiful, plump breasts bouncing free, quickly being massaged by their hands. Confused, Fred interjected, "We aren't actually? I mean it could be a trap? No doubt Draco's up to something. Waiting to hex us or something?" "Well, it's a trap with a blowjob? So…" Alicia said, explaining herself with only a few words, the two Twins quickly nodding along and following suit, stripping themselves down, leaving Harry and Katie standing there watching. Harry was finally taken aback with surprise. It wasn't the naked Slytherin, it was the complete normalcy that the rest of the team adopted when seeing her and the incredible familiarity they each had with each other, unashamedly stripping down their cocks bounces free, a plethora of delicious breasts, arses and skin being exposed with little regard for modesty. It was quite the surprising sight, so much that Katie was the voice of reason that finally drew Harry's eyes away from Angelina's thick, monstrous and mammoth black cock. "I suppose an explanation would be… prudent?" Angelina smirked, nudging Harry and directing his attention away from the buxom black babes that were casually kicking their shoes aside, stroking their thick cocks as they advanced on Pansy, a look of fear in the young girl's eyes as she saw the length and girth of the two Chasers, their cocks dribbling with pre-cum already. "Just a small one…" Harry chuckled, adjusting his own trousers without care for who saw. His cock was pressing tightly against the fabric and as Fred and George circled around Pansy, their bodies completely on display, their cocks in their hands, Harry finally turned to look at Katie. "Well… Let's just say our Quidditch Team Meetings are a little more hands on. And after telling the girls about a couple of our encounters, we decided that it would be a waste to wait until next year to let know what happens," Katie explained calmly, "I'll be honest. I was envisioning a slower introduction. Maybe a little stripping, jerking off together. But Pansy has… Well, subtlety is out the window. What do you say?" "What? What do I say? Em… Well… Group stuff has never really been my forte if I'm honest. To many… options? Is that the right word?" Harry said, looking around at everyone. One of the things he was most uncertain about were the Twins, with Harry wondering just how close they were and just… how close they would be expecting to get to him. It had never really occurred to him if he would be willing to do that with a guy. The principle was the same and it was hardly like cocks scared him. It was just… different… And he wasn't' sure about it. "Harry doesn't know where to stick it? Don't worry, you'll be a big boy one day," George called from across the room as they crowded around Pansy, the Slytherin unsure as to where to start and unsure as to just what she was in for. A part of her wanted Katie and Harry to walk away just so that she didn't have so many to deal with. "And don't worry Harry. There will be no need for you to be sticking anything of yours, anywhere near me," Fred added, stroking his cock closer to Pansy's face, the girl scrunching her face up at the interactions between these people. It was unnerving to be at their mercy. "Why not, eh? I love a bit of boy on boy action," Angelina suggested, winking at the two Twins who quickly bowed their heads, knowing exactly what the Chaser was suggesting with her salacious grin. Her hand wove into Pansy's hair, lifting her head up towards her thick, black shaft. "Don't worry, Harry. I'll keep you right. And if you are at a loss for where to put it, just put it in me," Katie suggested with a wink, walking into the room to join the girls, swiftly stripping off and joining the group in jerking their cocks back and forth across Pansy, watching as Angelina ran her pre-cum glossy cock along Pansy's lips, coating her dainty mouth with the salty lubrication and savouring the sensation. Alicia grabbed Pansy's hand and guided it to her own cock, the Slytherin begrudgingly getting the gist and starting to jerk her off rapidly and with any measured consideration for pleasure. She just wanted her to cum. Moaning, Alicia leant down and gently smacked the girl's arse, watching as Pansy fumbled around for one of the Twin's cocks, wrapping her thin fingers around Fred's length and affording him the same pleasurable treatment as Alicia, the two of them moaning softly. Breathing heavily, Harry found himself in a peculiar situation. And was surprisingly daunted by the idea of being introduced to this secret Quidditch sex club. It was a strange sensation that Harry couldn't quite place, but aside from that he could not convince himself that not partaking in this was a better idea. Stripping down, he dropped his boxers at last and wandered over to the group, ending up further behind Pansy, his cock hardening and begging for attention that he was unlikely to get from Pansy anytime soon as her lips finally parted and slid along half of Angelina's thick bulbous cock, the Slytherin gagging and spluttering instantly, but finding herself unable to fight both of Angelina's hands, which were set on plunging deep into Pansy's throat. Holding the girl's head in place, Angelina began to gently pull herself backwards, gently and softly fucking into the portion of throat that Pansy had allowed her, the depths of her throat being clenched. But not for long if Angelina had anything to say about it. Slowly stroking himself off, Harry found his hand drawn away from his cock as Katie moved between him and George, her hands falling to their cocks as she jerked them both off steadily, the pair of them groaning in pleasure as they watched the erotic blowbang before them. Angelina steadied her grip and thrust sharply forwards, hitting the back of Pansy's throat, the young girl gagging around her length as she tried her best to object to the thick intrusion. She managed to fight the pressure for a few moments, saliva dribbling down her chin as she did so, looking up at Angelina with disdain. Finally, her throat gave away and Angelina plunged every single one of her thick black inches deep into the Slytherin's throat, Pansy's eyes widening as her lips spasmed and twitched around the base of her cock, her nose buried in her shaven crotch, the heavy pair of balls that accompanied the thick and mammoth length slapping her chin audibly. Moaning at the pleasurable sensation, Angelina felt the girl dribbling down her shaft, her saliva finding dripping onto her balls, streaking across the full sack, making her shiver slightly. Collecting Pansy's hair into a ponytail, Angelina wrapped it around her hand taking firm control of Pansy's tight little throat and slowly beginning to drag the Slytherin's soft and pert lips up and down her cock, tugging on her hair to encourage Pansy's slightly unwilling throat. Each time that Angelina plunge her lips down onto her own cock, she groaned loudly, watching as Pansy gagged and spluttered, drooling over her cock like an eager and properly little slut, her hands continuing to do their best job at jerking Fred and Alicia off, though her attention was entirely divided, unable to keep a steady rhythm, though the pair of them didn't both complaining. Fred watched intently as Angelina began to thrust harder into the Slytherin's throat, groaning simply from the glorious sight of watching the stunning ebony goddess abuse and hammer Pansy's throat, her balls smacking against her chin again and again, leaping slick imprints of saliva on her rapidly reddening chin. The room was filled with the soft irregular slaps of Angelina's balls, Pansy's throat defying a constant steady fucking, unwittingly making it more pleasurable for Angelina's firm grasp as she fought and won against Pansy's futile contests. Alicia, tiring of Pansy's clumsy handjob, kept her cock firmly in the Slytherin's hands, but reached down behind her to her pale and pert arse, prying her cheeks apart and gently rubbing her fingers up and down Pansy's stretched and gaping hole, dipping several digits deep into the girl and savouring the guttural slurps of pleasure that vibrated along Angelina's slick cock. Pansy's arse gave no opposition to Alicia, the girl slipping three fingers inside her, all the way up to the knuckle, without any difficulty. Introducing a fourth finger, she finally found herself having to work to drill them inside her, gently twisting and wriggling each finger until they sat deep inside her, Pansy arching her back in response and gargling around Angelina's cock, "Looks like the whole of Slytherin have been back here. Never knew you were so busy." Pansy spat an incomprehensible response, wiggling her ass in an attempt to free herself of her probing fingers, but unwittingly spurring Alicia on. Her sounds were silenced by Angelina once more slipping her cock deep into her throat, pressing her lips against the base of her shaft once more, before finally pulling her lips back and away from her length, dropping her own hand to massage her length, smearing the copious amounts of saliva across her cock. Lifting her length, she slapped it across Pansy's face, the wet shaft leaving streaks of saliva across her cheeks and forehead, the Slytherin grimacing at the sight, wincing at each sharp wet slap. Keeping a hold of Pansy's hair, Angelina guided her lips towards Fred's cock, wrapping her arms around Fred's shoulders, pressing their bodies together as the twin's cock glided along her closed lips. Purring softly, Angelina saw Pansy let go of Alicia's cock, the Chaser leaning down behind the Slytherin to explore her rear entrance. Feeling Pansy's hand fumble for her glossy cock, Angelina moaned, "Go on then… Open wide and do your job…" Doing so, Pansy swallowed Fred's cock with ease, her lips sliding down the entire length, his tip plunging easily into her well exercised throat. Angelina tried to guide her as best she could but found that the eager girl was quite capable of throating him without even blinking. She kept her eyes straight ahead, sliding her lips and down without missing a beat, the redhead twin moaning softly as Angelina's breasts poked at his side. George leaned closer and closer, queuing up to be the next in line, leaving Katie and Harry stroking each other off as they watched, Katie's cheek resting on his shoulder as they watched the scene. "Why don't you two share?" Angelina suggested, walking around to George and grasping his cock, pulling it closer to his brother, Pansy's eyes widening as she realised Angelina's intentions. The two twins glanced at each other uncertainly, Katie and Harry raising an eyebrow as they watched on. Unsure, they were finally convinced when Angelina leant between them, whispering, "I won't wear underwear till the end of term… and… well let's say you need a quickie, there won't be anything stopping you from flipping up my skirt and… you get the picture…" Biting the bullet, George stepped slightly closer, noticing Pansy's eye roll and groan of disdain at these perverse and sickening people, ignoring the hypocrisy of her own statement. George pressed her tip against Pansy's already stretched lips, his cock pressing snugly against the side of his brother's. Groaning softly at the sensation, George pushed forwards, his tip pushing inside Pansy's mouth, her jaw threatening to snap at with the width. Gagging already, she was unable to stop the slow and constant push of the twin's cock, the pair of them moaning louder and louder: George because he was plunging into a tight wet throat and Fred because the tight wet throat in which he was submerged was progressively growing tighter and tighter, the friction between his own cock and his brother's being somewhat special, Angelina barely able to contain herself as a fantasy of hers played itself out, albeit in a minimal and rather unimpressive way, but it's something. Pushing forwards, George finally sank himself entirely into Pansy's throat, the girl gagging and spluttering, her hands pushing against their thighs in a vain attempt to free herself of the thick invaders, but all to no avail. Their cocks were sandwiched in an incredibly tight and sumptuous warmth, grinding and sliding against one another in a surprisingly pleasurable way and one that neither one of the twins wanted to admit was quite something. Not wanting to jeopardise the sensation, the twins took turns drawing their cocks slowly backwards until the tip was resting at the entrance to her throat, all before plunging right back in. Pansy gave up trying to swallow the saliva and pre-cum, instead letting it dribble down her chin and onto the floor, some of it coating the twin's balls whenever they collided with her sloppy and slick chin, her cheeks stretching wider with each thrust. "Well… seems that Pansy is a bit busy… Suppose you'll have to settle for me," Katie smirked, playfully smacking Harry on the arse as she slowly slid down onto her knees, offering him a wink as she came face to face with his cock, gently stroking it back and forth as Harry smirked. "Care to share Katie? Feel it wouldn't be right for you to keep Harry to yourself. After all this is a… Team Building activity, albeit with some additional entertainment," Alicia interjected, sharply spanking Pansy's arse before sauntering over to Katie and Harry, propping herself up on a table next to Harry, she eyed him up and down, "Katie has told us a fair share about her experience." "All good I hope," Harry chuckled as Katie shot him daggers before leaning in and unceremoniously swallowing his cock, planting her lips against the base of his shaft with ease and readily beginning to bob her head up and down, keeping her blowjob comparatively neater to Pansy sloppy approach, "How did you manage to keep all this… Well, not the fact that girl have cocks… but the 'Quidditch Practice' aspect a secret? I've been on the team for four years and would never have even guessed." "We did have a couple chats about letting you know, but Oliver was very adamant that you were too young. And then this year the Quidditch Season was cancelled. Let's just say the girl's locker room was very different to the boy's one after a training session. And all the long showers the twins took? They were just waiting for you to bugger off," Alicia smirked, glancing down at Katie as she slowly eased her lips up and down his cock. Alicia was hoping for a clearer look at the boy's shaft, having been too preoccupied with the 'additional entertainment' as she put it, but Katie's eager lips didn't reveal too much. Glancing up at the scar-faced boy, she smiled, "Even though Katie has given me a glowing recommendation, I like to do my own… research." Without giving Harry a second chance, Alicia leant in and pressed her lip against his, taking the boy by surprise for all but a second before her returned the favour, his lips battling softly with hers as she snaked a hand around his neck. Having been put into this position far too many times before, Harry had learnt to simply go with the flow and kissed her as passionately as possible. He had been friends with Alicia for several years now but had never really thought of her this way. Well, nothing beyond the usual teenage fantasies which all seemed rather childish from where he was now. Then again, being friends with someone didn't stop him before and he was hardly besties with her. Still, as her lips pried apart, he took the initiative, plunging his tongue into her mouth, the girl moaning at his forwardness, combined with his hand lifting itself curiously and boldly to her breasts, gently squeezing the soft and plump mounds, running his thumb down to her erect and chocolatey nipples. Not breaking the kiss, Alicia's hand found his other free hand and guided it slowly towards her cock, the boy chuckling slight before continuing their kiss. Getting the idea, he began to slowly jerk his cock back and forth across her cock, only stopping when Katie pulled her mouth away from his cock and dribbled a mouthful of saliva into his hand for lubrication, something which Alicia readily appreciated. The slicker hand was incredibly pleasurable, and Harry wasted no time in lubing her entire chocolaty length to a thin and delicious shimmer. Running his thumb up to her tip, he gently massaged the sensitive bulb of flesh, coating his thumb in a continuous stream of pre-cum that dribbled from her tip. It was this that finally brought a moan to Alicia's lips, the girl pulling her lips away from Harry's in order to savour the sensation, the boy wearing a smug smirk as she moaned and groaned, writhing beneath his hand. Continuing to build on it for a few moments, he finally pulled his thumb away, Alicia relaxing her body and breathing steadily as she turned towards him, "Fuck… why'd you stop?" "Don't want to cum too early, do you?" Harry smirked, lifting his thumb to his lips and tasting the Chaser's pre-cum, suckling the substance from the digit as Alicia chuckled, biting her lip and sharing a look with Katie. A look of approval. As if Harry was under scrutiny. "Fuck you're good…" she purred, lifting her leg and straddling Harry, her arse pushing Katie down and away, her lips forcefully plucked from Harry's cock as Alicia writhed on top of the boy. Moaning, Alicia pressed her lips against Harry's once more, the boy's hands grasping her pert and toned bum cheeks, leaving Katie too look on, scoffing at her sudden ejection from the situation. "Okay… I'll just be here… If you need me…" Katie sighed, rising to her feet and deciding that she ought to use herself elsewhere whilst Alicia and Harry got more acquainted. Alicia lifted herself upwards and rested the tip of Harry's cock against her rear entrance, easily slipping it inside herself. Whilst she was a more dominant girl, she didn't feel like asking Harry to bend over when she could just as easily lift her hips and get the pleasure she so desired. Sliding herself down Harry's length, she felt his hands find her hips guiding her up and down, encouraging her soft, but powerful bouncing, groaning into her mouth as she did the same to him, their lips battling back and forth, their hands roaming their bodies as they collided together. "Angelina? I reckon the boys can handle her throat themselves. Come give us a hand back here," Katie called as she crawled around to Pansy's arse, seeing her hole lubed up by Alicia's spittle, the girl having diligently prepared her entrance for her own cock before latching onto Harry's. Angelina wanted to savour the intimacy of the two twins but was finding her hand to be less than satisfactory. Nodding, she joined Katie behind the young Slytherin, Pansy wiggling her arse and trying desperately to free herself of the twin's cocks, adamant that she wasn't going to be taking any more cock up her arse, and especially not the black mammoth that was Angelina's shaft. And definitely not multiple shafts. However, her wriggling was all futile as the twins kept a strong grip on her head, the two of them synching themselves up and gently fucking her throat with heavy handed thrusts and groans of pleasure. "Do you want to go underneath? I've not had my fill of watching those two…" Angelina suggested, keeping her eyes on the two twins as they fucked Pansy's slavered throat, the girl barely able to muster a sloppy grunt in response to the constant barrage of cock, her saliva dribbling endlessly onto the floor. "Okay… If you can get them to kiss, I'll take you Alicia together," Katie smirked, stealing a kiss herself from Angelina before sliding beneath Pansy, positioning her head so as to not be in the direct dribble from her mouth. Lifting and adjusting the Slytherin, Katie robbed her of any ability to stop their impaling cocks. Angelina grabbed Katie's cock for her, guiding the smaller shaft towards Pansy's gaping arse, working the tip inside with complete ease. Groaning pleasurably, Katie grabbed Pansy's hips and pulled her downwards, flattening her position and lodging every inch of her comparatively smaller cock inside the Slytherin's rear, the soft smack of flesh echoing Alicia and Harry's now constant and powerful slaps. A soft, but muffled groan came from Pansy's lips at Katie's intrusion, but that was nothing compared to the groaning and straining that hit her when Angelina's throbbing, saliva slick cockhead wormed its way against her hole. Starting gently, Angelina slowly pushed the head of her cock inside, moaning softly as the tight hole enveloped the tip of her length, gently massaging the sensitive bulb of purplish flesh with her sporadic clenching. Grabbing Pansy by the hips, Angelina sank her hips into the girl, inch after inch of her silky black cock forcing its way into her well used arse, not stretching her to entirely new limits -considering that Luna, Ginny and Hermione had done their part- Angelina's cock instead reminded her of the subtle pleasure that a good anal fucking could give her. Having been somewhat ruined by the massive combined length she had previously in her arse, the combination of Katie's thinner cock and Angelina comparatively thick one had found a balance that was incredibly pleasure for the young Slytherin. She still wasn't a fan that it was their cocks inside her, but it was more bearable than the previous trio. Pansy even went so far as to start softly moaning around Fred and George's cocks, unable to silently relish the pleasure. It took a bit of work, but Angelina sank her entire length into Pansy, bottoming out and letting out a hoarse groan. There was one thing she couldn't deny about the Slytherin despite her less than stellar opinions of her: she had a good arse. Savouring the tight depth, Angelina kept her eyes open, fixed on the twins as she slowly began to draw her hips back and forth, the gentle massage of her ass, combined with the delicious friction of Katie's cock. Building a good rhythm, Angelina fucked her harder and harder, knowing that Katie -remaining stationary beneath her- would appreciate the deeper thrusts and added pressure against her own cock, their moans joining Alicia's moans, with all three Chasers throwing their heads back and relishing the moment. Harry's lips had dropped from Alicia's and found her sumptuous breasts, the tiny chocolate nipples capping off each soft mound being more enticing that anything he could imagine. The cool air had brought them to stiff peaks and as he leant in and wrapped his lips around one, his tongue batting it back and forth beneath the gently sucking pressure, Harry learnt just how delicious they were. Combining that with the moans that came from Alicia as a response and Harry was falling in love with her delicious mounds of ebony flesh. "Alicia? I'll be honest. I reckon Pansy deserves a little more? Besides, her arse is like a cave, we could fit all six of us inside if that was possible," Angelina commented, pulling Alicia away from the delicate treatment that Harry was providing her. Stealing one more kiss of pleasure from the boy, she took his hand and ushered him to come join the sprawling gangbang; something he was quite excited about. Angelina rested on the balls of her feet, positioning herself above Pansy's arse, thrusting down, allowing the other Chaser enough room to get forward and brush the tip of her cock against Pansy's entrance, the Slytherin groaning in disbelief, her body starting to ache at the added pressure. Clamping down on the original two cocks that thrust inside her, she tried to dissuade the Chaser, but it was all to no avail, Alicia's determination for a chaser triple penetration going above and beyond. It took a little effort, but eventually her cock head slipped inside Pansy's used stretched arse, the hole tightening for all three of them. Katie and Angelina froze, keeping themselves in place as Alicia drove her cock deep into Pansy's arse, the girl groaning around Fred and George's cocks as she was filled with a smaller combined size than the previous three cocks that plundered her arse, but still an incredibly large amount of thick, throbbing and pulsating cock. The added friction of their cocks grinding and sliding together set the three Chasers moaning uncontrollably, waiting for the moment when all three of them could start fucking her, the promise of an incredulously pleasurable shag making them almost cum. Hammering home, Alicia moaned, the tightness enveloping her cock almost being to intense. The three of them took a moment to savour that, before slowly starting to pull and push inside Pansy's arse, all three of them moving back and forth with irregular thrusts, constantly filling and emptying Pansy's ass before plunging themselves back in, neither one of them maintaining the same stroke. As Alicia was pulling out, Angelina was all the way in, with Katie readying to hammer back home, in a delicious rhythmic haven of sumptuous pleasure. Fred and George finally found themselves on the verge of cumming, Pansy's sloppy throat doing a lot to speed them onwards. George was the first to blow, pulling his cock out of her throat and speedily jerking himself off onto the Slytherin's face, the twins both wanting to paint that pretty little slut's face with their cum and render her a sticky mess. Several long strands of cum spurted from his tip, landing across Pansy's entire face, the girl just able to shut her eyes in time before the stand hit her. Seeing his brother unload, Fred endeavoured to the do the same, taking a few more deep thrusts into her throat before pulling out and jerking alongside his twin, the pair unleashing their torrent of cum onto her unwitting face. Closing her mouth and eyes, she let it happen, feeling the dribbles of cum slowly shift down her face, the last few spurts hitting her and making her look like a proper little cum slut. Opening her eyes and lips, she could taste their cum, with several beads rolling across her lips and into her mouth. She looked up at the boys, the two of them high fiving and relishing their handiwork, moving out of the way to allow Harry to step up to the plate, the boy silently thrilled at the prospect of being balls deep in Draco's girl's mouth. "Potter…" she seethed, in between soft grunts of pleasurable pain as her ass was once more pushed to the brink. Harry felt a little sorry for her, but at no point had she said for them to stop or struggled. She was completely complacent and somewhat eager. Well, eager to get this over with. "Pansy…" he said, watching as she hunched down a little lower, Angelina pushing Pansy's head down in order to get the angle on her arse, streamlining her deep and pleasurable thrusts into the girl's stretching asshole. It was quite the sight to watch, the three Chasers cocks slamming in and out of her rear, their balls smacking against flesh as they moaned and groaned. "Are you just gonna stand there or do you not know how this works?" Pansy spat, removing the last shred of sympathy that Harry had for her. Even in a situation like this, she was a colossal bitch. Stepping forwards, Harry pushed his cock into her open mouth, the girl's tongue running back and forth along his shaft as he thrust deep inside her throat, the girl unable to stop his strong and steady thrust. Grabbing her hair and holding her head in place, Harry started to hammer back and forth, his balls smacking against her slick and sloppy chin, his cock making easy work of carving through her slick hole, Pansy's soft and muffled moans adding to the pleasure of the deepthroat. He was already on the edge following Alicia's gentle bouncing atop his cock and he was speeding swiftly towards cumming, as were the Chasers. In fact, it took only a couple minutes longer for Pansy to feel the first cock explode inside her arse, their cum pumping itself deep into her rear entrance, filling her to the brim. It was Katie who was the first, her cum spurting into Pansy's ass, followed by Alicia and Angelina, the two larger cocks being set of by the sudden spurting torrent from Katie's cock. Milking themselves thoroughly into Pansy's rear entrance, they made sure that every droplet of cum had dribbled from their cocks before they pulled themselves back, their softening cocks covered in a mixture of all three-girl's cum. Moaning, the three of them wormed their way away from Pansy, letting their cum slowly drip from her well used arse, allowing Harry free use of the girl. He was next to cum and sent several strands down her throat before pulling out and adding to the cum-streaked face that the twins had so diligently provided the girl. Panting and groaning, Pansy herself couldn't help but cum, her cock having hardened painfully inside the cage and dribble a meek amount of cum. Staggering away, Harry joined Katie in admiring the team's handiwork, a pang of guilt for the young girl coming into Harry's heart before Pansy lifted her head, stood up and strode swiftly towards the door, disregarding her previous orders from Draco. Before she left, she spat at the group of Gryffindors, "Fucking pathetic gits…" And with that she left, staggering swiftly through the halls and back to the Slytherin common room, narrowly avoiding the mass exodus from the classrooms as lessons came to their end. The Quidditch team chuckled to themselves as the door swung closed, all six of them catching their breath, Angelina smirking and adding, "Welcome to the team, eh, Harry…" "Not so fast… He's got to pass the tests," Fred interjected vehemently, both Katie and Alicia groaning as they bowed their heads and turned away, both of them not being massive fans of the whole endeavour. There was a certain tradition that was to be upheld at the introduction of a new member to the more adulterated side of the team. "Do we really have to do this? We just shag each other, there is literally no need to go through the absolute faff that is this whole… testing bullshit," Alicia said, George joining his brother on the side of going through with them. They had all had different experiences with said tests, but it was a silent rule, almost hazing that they went through and all at the hands of the experienced players. "Oh, come on. Me and Fred put a lot of effort into these ones. Trust me, they are some… they are quite something," George argued, the boys having been working diligently to create and manufacture their own version of the tests. Each player took charge of running the tasks for a newcomer and Fred and George had been selected to do this year, although they were the ones primarily for the tests in the first place. "What kind of tests are we talking?" Harry asked, a little worried that he would be placed at the mercy of the twins estranged and devilish minds. Sure, they were good friends, but he had heard experienced their mischievous endeavours up front and had no intention of being willing at their mercy. "They are a series of super fun, super interesting challenges that we have come up with the prove whether or not you are worthy to a part of this illustrious club," Fred explained with a wide and beaming smile. An incredible disconcerting smile. Katie moved to object, but Fred cut her off, "It's up to the Team Captain. Shall we ditch the tests or you know… have some fun?" Every head turned to Angelina who was silently musing over it all, her cock slowly hardening between her legs. She remembered her tests and they were relatively simple. Then again, Oliver came up with them and he was hardly the kinkiest of minds. There was a part of her that didn't want anyone to have to deal with Fred and George's kinky minds, but another part of her -a stronger part of her- wanted to see what they had in store. Lifting her head, she smiled, "Let's have some fun…" Author's Note: A little shorter than usual, but I didn't have as much time as I would have liked. However, still a decent attempt I reckon. I've not got much to say, beyond reiterating what I said before. I have a Tumblr, link in the previous chapter. And feedback about the story as whole would be appreciated! The next chapter will pick up where this chapter left off and will involve the Twins and their devilish minds putting Harry through a series of tests to prove his acumen. And I think they might just be cracking open the old mysterious vial for some… elaborate fun…
Author's Note: Hey guys. I've taken a small break and I am back to get right back into this. However, I've decided that I wasn't happy with the idea had planned for the so called 'Quidditch Trials' and ditched it for now. I just wasn't going to force myself to write something that I didn't think would be good. Especially not as the first chapter back after a break. Which is why I'm returning to a character I enjoyed writing and letting her have way with Harry and get her comeuppance. If you haven't already, check out my Tumblr. Link is in a previous chapter. I think two chapters back. And, I am also announcing that I will be doing one last one-shot for this story. I will continue one-shots in the sequel, but for this one, there will be one more. Instead of doing a poll, I invite you to suggest what you want for it and I will adapt the most interesting one! Also, don't worry, I'm not planning on stopping this story. I'm not dead. It's just that I'm finding it difficult to balance stuff and I broke my laptop and essentially just a cavalcade of unfortunate circumstances. I'll try and keep it weekly, if not, fortnightly. Check out my Tumblr if you want filled in and stuff when it gets round to it all! Without further ado, enjoy! Chapter 36: A Follow Up Interview Things had gone quite awry with the supposed Quidditch Trials. Fred and George had hurried off to retrieve some items that were supposedly integral to their challenges and then subsequently dropped of the face of the earth. They weren't seen in classes the next day and were entirely gone from the common room. Their dormitory remained unslept in and the Gryffindor Team were left to assume they were up to something. Harry quickly came under the impression they were waiting to kidnap him for some ludicrous sexual challenge that they were preparing, though no such kidnapping came. Instead the days ticked by until finally, he was set to meet with Rita Skeeter for what would prove to be a decidedly garish follow up interview. Sitting in the Great Hall, waiting for the last people to leave so that he could meet the estranged woman, Ron and Hermione quickly rushed in. "Harry! Good, you haven't… well you haven't started yet…" Hermione smiled, sliding down into the seat opposite him and slowly unpacking a small bag of titbits. One of them was a small jar, the next a potion and finally a set of ropes and a listed enchantment scrawled on a piece of paper. "Well, I'm hardly gonna whip it out in front of everyone," Harry seethed, not at all thrilled about getting intimate with that pain of a woman. Casting glimpses out towards the entrance to the main hall, he half expected her to stride in naked and command his attentions. Luckily, no such thing happened, "I presume you've come up with a plan or something? Hex her and steal the photos? I don't actually have to…" "Well… She's actually quite a powerful witch, so we… you'll have to get a little bit into it and all. Get her to lower her guard. This is a sleeping draught. If you can convince her to drink it. I dunno, say it's a virility potion or something. Either way, just get her to drink it and me and Ron will sort the rest. We'll hide in the Trophy Room. Get us when you've… done the business," Hermione explained, handing Harry the potion with a soft smile, one that didn't convince Harry that this was a good idea. Getting her to drink an unlabelled potion would be damned near impossible. He'd have to fuck her until she went loopy for her to even consider doing something so strange. "Is this the best you've got?" Harry asked, pocketing the potion as more people filtered out of the hall, the impending encounter getting closer and closer, Harry's nerves building more and more. There was a pit in his stomach that was ripping at him, making him more anxious. "Lighten up. I mean, she's not bad looking. It can't be that bad to shag her?" Ron said, Hermione slapping his hand sharply at the outburst, bring a smirk and chuckle to Harry's lips as he rubbed his hand and quietened down, "Then again… she can be a bit… creepy. Either way, Hermione's got something good planned for us to get our own back. She won't know what hit her!" "Hush… We need to go. She can't see us hiding. Good luck Harry," Hermione whispered, collecting up the other items and rushing away to the back room, followed closely by Ron. As the door swung shut, Harry slid up out of his seat and noticed that the entire hall was empty. His heart sank, and he looked over to the great doors, waiting, waiting for her to arrive with her squeaky smile and sneering voice. Walking slowly up towards the teacher's table, Harry was turned sharply around by a soft and immediate cough. Turning, he saw her, standing in between the doors, her hands on her hips. She was wearing her usual green outfit with her fishnet stockings sliding up her long and slender legs. Even from a distance, Harry could see her pursed smile and eyelids batting. She didn't call out, instead turning around and waving her wand to close the heavy doors of the Great Hall behind her, leaving the two of them alone and rendering Harry trapped (for want of a better word). Slowly and sexually, she strode down and along the centre of the room, approaching Harry with what could only be described as an obvious, yet clumsy attempt at seduction. Her hips were swaying, and Harry could swear that on her longer strides, he could the woman's hardened shaft bulging against her dress. He remained propped up on the teacher's table, sitting there with a worried look on his face. Slowly, but surely, she slipped up beside him, licking her lips and offering him a sweet and sultry smile, "You came? I wasn't sure you'd show…" "Well, I kind of have to. It's borderline blackmail…" Harry began only to be quietened by Rita as she reached a finger up to his lips and shushed him. It was such a strange move that Harry was a little startled that people did that outside the world of movies and tv-shows. Then again, Rita was almost delusional and a little self-obsessed. "There's no need for such harsh and… incriminating words. Let's forget about all that… business stuff and simply enjoy the evening that we have both longed for," she smiled, running her hands softly and slowly along his cheeks, silencing him once more as he tried to protest her last statement, "It's just we got so caught up in the moment that I… well, it's safe to say you took advantage of me, ravishing me in that carnal way. It's just, I thought we ought to indulge in a more traditional evening and get to know each other a bit…" "You came onto me. No, you started all of it. You jammed your cock down my…" Harry began once more, only to have Rita cut him off again. I suppose he should have expected this. Her articles were the definition of twisted words and she was an expert at manipulating situations that had the slightest of grey areas. Sighing, Harry allowed her to take his hands into hers, the older woman gently massaging and fondling them as she smiled meekly. "Let's not dwell on what happened before and look to the now. How are you feeling about the Third Task? Nervous I'd bet. This one promises to test your magical acumen and I doubt you can fumble through on sheer circumstance and coincidence this time? Oh, what horrors wait for you in that accursed maze, I can only imagine…" She smiled, the question seeming innocent enough, but the bedazzling of her words suggested that her damned quill would suddenly lunge out of her dress and reveal itself. "Erm well… I've got plenty time to prepare…" He stammered, this setting Rita off on another tangent, her hands still firmly clasped onto his as she smiled, batting her eyes. All Harry could think of was that he hoped to all hell that Hermione and Ron weren't watching this, because if they were, he'd never live it down. "That you do. But surely time is of the essence? How humbling that you'd chose to spend such precious time with an older woman such as myself. I'm flattered!" Rita blushed, to an extent that Harry had to wonder if she had an innate ability to do so. Feigning embarrassment, she leant forwards, shuffling herself closer towards him with a salacious grin, "Do you have a thing for an older woman? Oh, how exciting it must be to be in class and fantasising over those lovely dames at the front? Do you ever hope to be invited back for remedial classes? Or dare I say it, detentions? Perhaps a little spanking?" "I don't… I mean, no… I don't…" Harry stammered taken aback by the suddenness of her perverse interjection. She couldn't possibly believe that he had a thing for her. It was all some ludicrous act to give herself some self-righteous ability to engage with him. It clouded his thoughts enough that he didn't realise that her hands were slowly guiding his towards her thigh. "Oh Harry! How forwards of you! Can't even indulge a woman in a little conversation? My, must all of our dates be this thrilling!" She giggled as Harry pulled his hands back, the woman not moving in the slightest. Though, her veiled protest quickly bled away as she leant closer in, her lips lingering nearer and nearer, an animalistic twinkle in her eye as her hand found his and guided slowly back towards her thigh, her intentions becoming clearer and clearer (despite them being intimately clear in the letter she sent), "Then again, who am I to deny the natural instincts and desires of a teenager. Why waste time with small talk when we can… get right back to what we both want…" Her hand guided Harry's along her thigh, drifting it slowly up towards her crotch. Slowly, she tightened Harry's palm around her crotch, her thick and throbbing cock pressing against her dress, a soft and throaty moan coming from her lips as he was forced to fondle him. Biting her lip, her gaze intensified as she pulled herself closer and closer to Harry. He was far from receptive, his hand lingering on her cock out of a maligned sense of duty and the fact that the sooner this was done, the sooner it was over. Gently squeezing her cock as best he could, he inadvertently gave her the impression that he was into the this, the woman leaning her lips in to his ear, gently nibbling at his neck as she purred seductively. "I've wanted this for so long. And I know you do to. All those lonely nights. Or those times you'd be with other girls, imagining it was me… You don't have to imagine any more. Oh, I've missed these lips," she purred, trailing kisses along his jaw until their eyes were locked, hers filled with a lustful glint and his looking uncertainly upon the clearly delusional woman. Before he could say anything, she lunged at him, her lips pressing softly against his before pushing harder. He felt her tongue push through her lips, begging access to his. Begrudgingly, he allowed it, the woman taking the advantage and sliding one leg across Harry, straddling him as she battled his lips with hers. Her hands latched onto his cheeks, holding his face in place as Harry instinctively grasped her hips, the woman grinding and writhing on top of him. Pulling away, breathless, Rita grinned, "Oh… Harry…" "Rita…" Harry said, a little breathless, but a little taken aback by Rita. She had a powerful personality and what could easily be defined as weakness and subservience was actually bafflement and innate disbelief at how delusional yet purposeful someone could be. She was mad, but by fuck did she know what she wanted and how to get it. It didn't matter that she was busy trying to convince herself that it was right, because she was hungering for in nonetheless and would use any opportunity to justify it. "Call me Mrs Skeeter… You know? For your fantasy?" Rita smiled, her hands running up and down Harry's chest, fondling every avenue of his body that she could get her hands on. Despite not explicitly wanting himself to react that way, Harry's cock was hard and rigid, pressing up against Rita's surprisingly well-formed arse and every slight grinding movement she made his shaft tingle in that sumptuously pleasurable way, "And maybe, later, I'll give you that proper detention you deserve, Mr Potter… But first, I'll let your teenage whims dictate…" Rita lifted Harry's hands with hers, guiding them to the back of her dress and placing the zipper of her green garment in his fingers. Getting the idea, Harry slowly slide the zipper down the back of the leering blonde, slowly but surely unveiling her body. She shrugged her shoulders forwards and the dress fell away, at least down to her hips, revealing the rather sultry and seductive set of lingerie she had chose to wear. She had a corset of all things on, only it stopped right under her breasts, pushing them upwards and making them even more plump, but not hiding hem behind a thin veil of fabric. Their pert and stiff nipples were free to be nibbled and eaten, with the vast creamy expanse of flesh that was her buxom chest being fully at Harry's disposal. He looked up at her for a moment, seeing that look on her face, that look of desire and want. He couldn't worm his way out now. Her hands gently guided his head downwards and Harry quickly figured out what she wanted. Lowering his lips to her soft, supple breasts, he softly kissed the creamy flesh, causing Rita to moan exaggeratedly, throwing her head back theatrically. Drawing his lips across her skin, Harry went straight for her nipples, knowing that that was the key to making this go quicker. Wrapping his lips around the hardened nipple, he gently ran his tongue in circles across the sensitive spot, Rita's moans filling the entirety of the hall as she bit her lip. Flicking the nub back and forth with his tongue, he made sure to liberally coat it in saliva, before gently suckling on the teat, the suction of his lips driving Rita crazy -crazier than usual-. Tightening his grip, he started to nibble on them, rolling it back and forth between his teeth and softly biting down on it. Swapping to the other breast, he gave it the same treatment until Rita finally leapt of his lap and slowly began to strip in front of him. "Er, I don't suppose you want… want a drink?" Harry offered, reaching for the bottle of sleeping draught as Rita wiggled her arse back and forth, slowly peeling her tight, lime green dress downwards, the fabric curving over the plump roundness of her arse and revealing her creamy cheeks, framed by a bright green thong, her garter belt holding those admittedly sexy fishnet stockings in place. "Oh no, I don't drink. Oh, I forgot I left this here," Rita scoffed, turning around and showing Harry her thick cock, pinned pitifully in lace by the tiny green swatch of cloth. He remembered every ridge and vein of the that length and not in a fond way. Though, that wasn't what she was referencing. No, in her hands, she was holding a wooden paddle, obviously designed for spanking. "Ah… where, what…" Harry stammered as she slid up onto the table beside him, burying her lips in the crook of his neck as she quickly began to undress him, pulling away his tie and lifting his jumper up and over his head. Her hands went to work on his trousers as she purred her response. "Never you mind. It's for your fantasy. For your detention with Mrs Skeeter," she smirked as she tugged his trousers down and off his legs, taking his boxers with them. His cock sprung free and Rita offered it a simple fleeting graze, giving it a small squeeze before working on his shirt. "That's not my… Doesn't matter. If it's all the same, I think I'll pass on the whole… detention thing. Can't we just get this over with?" Harry asked, levelling with her as his shirt fell to the floor leaving the two of them in a relatively similar state of undress. At least for practical reasons. "Oh, okay. It's just… well… those pictures were rather explicit and well… who knows what would happen if someone misplaced them," Rita said, breaking her façade for a moment, the conniving snake sliding free as she leant back and licked her lips, putting Harry in his place. Because ultimately, she was implying it was his fantasy, but it was really hers. And she was holding all the cards at the moment. "Ah, there we are… Of course. Are you sure you don't want a drink? Mrs… Mrs Skeeter?" Harry said, plucking the bottle up once more, but having it pushed to one side as he choked out those final two words. Hearing him refer to her as that set a fire in Rita's body and Harry could have sworn her cock grew an extra two inches with a veritable twitch of excitement. "Never in a million years. Now, Harry… You've been acting up and well, as a teacher it is my responsibility to ensure that punishment in enforced. Don't hate me for it, it has to be done. Now be a good boy and lay across my lap," Rita smiled, adjusting herself and playfully patting her thighs as if to imply. Her cock was hard and rigid, pressed and held up against her stomach, dribbling small amounts of pre-cum onto her belly as she waited to give Harry his 'deserved' punishment. Sighing, Harry did as he was told, clambering into position and laying across her lap, presenting her taut and toned arse to the older woman. He immediately felt her hands running back and forth across his skin, massaging and pulling at what little muscular flesh she could, moaning to herself, "Oh my… It almost seems a shame to tarnish such a lovely bum with a good spanking. But, discipline is a must…" Harry was about the say something when the first stinging spank came. It wasn't from the paddle, but instead from her hand, the sharp hit making him wince. A part of him thought that it would a playful sort of thing with soft, almost implied slaps, but Rita wasn't letting up. It was easily the hardest spank his ass had received, and Rita was only getting warmed up. Gently massaging the tender skin, she quickly applied the same treatment to the other cheek, both of his cheeks flaring up and starting to glow a hot red. Continuing to spank him whenever she felt like it, Rita moaned to herself, her cock spewing pre-cum up and onto the side of Harry's stomach, every ripple that shot across his skin causing another bead to pour from her tip. Gritting his teeth, Harry took it like a champ, wincing with each sharp and powerful slap, silently dreading the moment she took up the paddle and started to go properly to town. "My, my Harry… have you been seeing other women? You are looser than ever back here. I mean, I'd wager I could fit a…" she started, stopping her rambling before she got to the crucial part of that sentence. She had pried apart his cheeks and was gently rubbing his hole with her finger, threatening to dip her fingers inside him, but only going so far as to tease him. One of her hands left his bum and retrieved her wand. With a small flick, she performed some magic, magic that was out of Harry's view, but magic that he quickly felt. The paddle lifted itself and struck his ass with a sharp spank, a sharper spank than Rita would have been able to do with her hand. It was so sharp and so painful that Harry yelped, admittedly, like a little schoolgirl at the painful spank. He barely had time to recover as another way hit his rear, his ass being pummelled by the enchanted toy, all the while, Rita explored and delved into his bum with her fingers, a perverse and kinky idea on her mind, one that Harry would explode at if she breathed a word of it to him. Luckily for her, and unluckily for him, he was indisposed trying to cope with the burning and stinging pain that was burning through his ass. Dribbling a mouthful of saliva down and onto his hole, she gently began to massage the lubrication into his puckered entrance, her finger slowly pushing harder and harder until the tip finally slipped inside, burying itself inside his ass and eliciting a sharp groan of pleasure from the young boy, his cock inadvertently twitching between his legs, a bead of pre-cum rubbing against Rita's thighs. Smiling at the boy's sounds, Rita took it as a sign of approval, sinking the entirety of the digit deep into Harry's clutching arse, submerging it up to the knuckle and gently curling it to rub against his sensitive prostate, eliciting a shudder of pleasure from him, a shudder that was swiftly replaced with a wince as she paddle swung once more. Easing her finger back and admiring the way his ass was turning red raw, Rita added a second finger, easily sliding It into his rear and pumping it back and forth, her plan chugging steadily onwards. The third finger was where she started to encounter some resistance, having to work her fingers back and forth and time her movements with the spanking. She found that he tensed up and tightened whenever he was spanked and thus had to slow the paddle's movements and start to plunge her fingers back and forth with a slow and methodical rhythm. Harry appreciated the slower movements and the fewer spanking but didn't like what happened next. Where Harry often considered three fingers to be plenty, Rita obviously had a very different idea, easing her pinkie finger into place and slowly trying to wriggle it inside. It was admittedly smaller than the other three, but the grouping of all four stretched him a little much. He had taken larger things back there, but only with careful practice. And then came the moment of realisation and just what Rita figured she could fit back there. Another dribble of saliva landed on his bum and then he felt her final digit rest against his ass, her fist starting to clench. He fought it as much as he could, but Rita had a way about her and it took her only a couple seconds of effort to finally ease her thumb in alongside her other fingers. Harry's eyes flew open as her fist sank deeper inside him, his hole tightening and wrapping around her wrist. He was getting fisted. He couldn't quite comprehend it, with his mind shuddering through pain, pleasure and disbelief, all while Rita ogled and moaned at her handiwork. He couldn't imagine what it looked like, but all he could think of was the fact that he was lucky. Lucky that Rita had small hands. In retrospect, Harry figured he should have probably done something, but he found himself paralysed both by fear and surprise. Fear that if he suddenly leapt away, she'd tear him in two and surprise that he was somehow loose enough for someone to fit an entire fist inside him. It didn't help that her fingers were starting to extend ever so slightly and gently tickle his prostate, rubbing the sensitive bulb of pleasure to try and elicit a moan. However, no matter what she did, she was unable to outdo the pain that was burning in both his cheeks and his hole. "Mmm… Like a glove…" she moaned happily, ridiculing Harry as he tried desperately to hold it all together, but with very little capability. Slowly, but surely, Rita continued to move her fingers, sliding her wrist back and forth, gently and slowly moving her arm backwards, softly fisting Harry as he lay frozen in place, unwanted moans dribbling from his lips. Then the sharp paddle began to strike more, Rita dribbling more and more saliva down onto his hole, lubricating him more and more as she started to build up a pace of shifting back and forth. Her eyes were fixated on his hole, watching intently as his arse flexed and peeled around her wrist, stretching and gaping with each slow and subtle movement, "You like that? You like that little bitch boy? You like being stuck on your teacher's fist? Say you like it bitch?" "Ah… fuck… fuck…" Harry grunted as she started to roughly move her hand back and forth, the pain building as she shifted the same portion back and forth. He wasn't going to admit it, because it wasn't true. No matter how much she wanted it, he wasn't playing to her fantasy. Not in this regard. "Say it bitch!" she said, taking the paddle in her hand sharply spanking him, waiting for a response. When she didn't get one, she dribbled one last mouthful of saliva down onto his hole and clenched her fist. With one steady and continuous movement, she started to slowly drive her fist deeper inside him, her wrist slipping inside as she plunged deeper and deeper into the boy's clutching and spasming arse. Harry's lips fell open as she pushed more and more inside him. If he hadn't been fucking and being fucked on a regular basis, he would have been in tears at this point, but he was nearing the breaking point. As the middle of her forearm dipped inside he felt himself starting to snap, the pain becoming a little too much. And she was showing no sign of stopping. No matter how much his prostate was ground and pleasured, it didn't undo the fact that she was trying to get the rest of her arm inside, "Say it and we can stop? Say it bitch!" "I love it! I love it, now fucking stop!" Harry sharply breathed, that obviously being enough for Rita as she slowly and calmly pulled her hand out. She lifted her wand and cleaned herself up before playfully slapping Harry's bum, gesturing for him to move. Wincing as his gaping asshole closed, he slid off her lap, tentatively sitting down before realising that it would probably be best to stand. At least for the time being. As Rita smiled at him, he couldn't help but breath, "Are you done?" "Done? But my cock is still hard? And so, are you? What kind of teacher would let a student walk away like that? After having made you hard in the first place, it's my duty to make sure that you are… properly… satisfied," she winked, her hand wrapping around his cock. He wasn't going to lie; her hand was good at what it was doing, and he welcomed the pleasure as it counteracted the lingering ache in his ass, "So, Harry. I wonder what we could get up to next… Any ideas? Anything you've always fantasised about having your teacher do to you?" "I don't… You obviously have something in your mind that you want me to say, but you are going to try and guide the conversation to a point where it seems like I'm the one who suggested it. Can't we just skip all that and jump to the part where we actually do it?" Harry said, growing tired of her probing and suggestive questions and simply wanting to get to the end of the ride. "We could? But isn't there some kind of… I don't know… Haven't you ever wanted to push your body to the limit and see what you can physically do?" Rita said, avoiding his request and continuing to not so subtly probe his young teenage mind and get him to suggest the thing that she wanted. It was a classic reporter trick, but one that Rita wasn't exactly subtle in implementing. "Sure. What do you have in mind?" Harry sighed, playing along, glancing over to the bottle of sleeping draught and wondering if it was worth just forcing the damned potion down her throat and be done with it all. Unfortunately, he had said enough for Rita to be disillusioned enough to continue and he quickly felt himself being pushed down onto his knees in front of her, his lips coming close to her cock as she sat on the edge of the table, grinning lewdly down at him. "Well Harry… I'll grade you on just how much of my delightful cock you can fit into that pretty little throat of yours. If you want an outstanding… well, we'll get to that no doubt," Rita smiled, wrapping her clawed hand around the back of his neck, pushing his lips towards her cock. Casting her a disdainful look, Harry dutifully parted his lips and wrapped them snugly around the tip of her cock, finally feeling her let go of his head and trusting him to suckle on her cock of his own accord. Lavishing her head with his tongue, Harry did everything he could possibly imagine trying and make her cum faster, with his tongue focussing on the most intense and pleasurable spots on her thick bulbous tip. Before long however, he angled his throat downwards and plunged his lips downwards, swallowing inch after inch of her milky white cock and resting the tip of her length against the back of his throat. He barely had to do anything, with his experienced throat easily taking her shaft into his depths, his lips barrelling towards the base of her cock with only a few gags and splutters. Finally, his lips spasmed and clenched around the base of her shaft, the boy moaning along her length in an attempt to make her cum quicker. Her theatrical moans filled the Great Hall as she stared at him with a lustful and intense look, one that Harry meekly tried to return. He didn't waste any time in dragging his lips up and down her length, trying to tighten his throat as best he could in order to elicit more pleasure from the woman. Starting slowly, he opted for a more sensual and slick blowjob, knowing full well that simply rocketing his lips up and down wouldn't do anything. Instead, he pictured her shaft as Ginny's, lovingly dragging his soft pink lips up and down her length, curling his tongue around every inch as he went. He even plucked his lips from her cock and rapidly flicked his tongue back and forth with increasing hunger. His attempts to imagine Ginny were futile as Rita's moans and audible encouragement made it impossible to think of anything other than her leering, faux pleasure ridden face. Focussing on her neatly shaven crotch, Harry pushed his lips up and down, making sure that he treated every ridged inch of her length with the same careful attention. The intensity of pleasure took even Rita by surprise as she was momentarily immobilised by Harry's deft and incredibly skilled tongue. Ginny, Luna, Katie and even Hermione to an extent had taught him well and in a perverse way he was proud of his ability to render Rita a little speechless. Though, it was short-lived. Her hand eventually curled around his neck, pushing his lips downwards and towards the base of her cock. Looking up at her, Harry found himself confused, feeling her force his lips further and further when there wasn't anywhere else to go. Sharply jabbing his nose into her crotch repeatedly, she groaned in displeasure, receiving only a few meek and meagre gargle grunts and stifled splutters from Harry. Finally, she lifted his chin slightly and looked at him in her own confused manner, "Come on! And the rest of it…" She couldn't possibly mean that? At least Harry thought that she couldn't. I mean doing that would be an incredible stretch. But as he looked up at her with an empty gaze, she quickly sighed and decided that she would do it herself. Forcing his lips against her crotch, her other hand reached beneath her cock and grabbed her balls, softly pressing them against Harry's lower lip, trying to get him to stretch a little to allow them to slip in. Baffled by the implication, Harry found himself unable to open his jaw that wide, with her balls barely prying apart his lips. Saliva began to dribble down his chin and onto her balls, inadvertently making the prospect of Rita being able to take the term 'balls deep' to a whole new uncomfortable level. With her balls a little slicker, she applied more forceful pressure to the movements, focussing more on a single ball. As much as Harry tried to resist, she had a rather forceful grip and eventually, she managed to slip the ball of flesh into his mouth, his jaw stretching wider as she groaned in satisfaction. Harry could feel pre-cum pouring deeper and deeper into his throat as she hummed happily in response to his achievement. But then, then came the next one. Manoeuvring, her hand to the other side, she began to try and wriggle the other ball into his mouth with the reporter keeping a claw like grip on his head. Before long, Harry began to choke, unable to breathe with her cock starting to suffocate him as her demented perversion of having not only her cock and balls inside his throat drove her to a new determined insanity. Harry could feel her about to succeed, with her balls finally pushing inside his lips, stretching his jaw to a new painful extent, his eyes bulging and streaming ever so slightly, "Outstanding, Mr. Potter! Outstanding indeed! Are you ready for your reward?" Before Harry could even consider having cum pouring from her cock, he grew tired off this and felt his head growing a little dizzier. He tried to reach his wand inside his trousers but found himself unable. Spying her wand flung on the table, he tried to reach for it, timing his lunge with Rita throwing her hair back. It was a little out of reach. Sneaking in one last breath of air, he felt her hand push his lips down, his breathe cut off and his cheeks reddening. He could feel her cock twitching in his throat, getting ready to spurt deep inside him. Taking the initiative, Harry pushed up onto his feet, pushing Rita back across the table and hunching over. She gasped and giggled at his forceful push, "Oh Mr. Potter! You are a naughty one… It was too late as he grabbed her wand and aimed at her head, gargling a muffled 'stupefy'. Luckily, it was enough, with a bolt of red light bursting from the wand and striking her across the head, knocking her unconscious, but not before her cock could be pushed over the edge, with several long strands of cum flooding into his throat. Pulling her cock from between his lips, he begrudgingly swallowed the first strand before letting her unconscious cock spill the last dregs onto her belly, the woman moaning in her mindless state. Quickly dressing himself, Harry rushed over to the trophy room, pushing the door open to fetch Ron and Hermione, only to find them both naked with Ron bent over against the wall, Hermione happily thrusting away. As the door swung open, Ron's eyes flew open with fear, the boy lunging to cover his naked body from his best friend, "Blimey Harry!" "Really? You know what, it doesn't matter. What's this plan of yours, Hermione?" Harry said as Ron fumbled to hide himself, blushing rapidly. Hermione, uncharacteristically, was rather okay with it all, simply smirking at Ron's uncomfortableness, before begrudgingly dressing herself, though opting out of putting her panties back on due to her hardened and unrelieved shaft. "Is she asleep?" Hermione asked as they walked back towards the unconscious reporter, with Ron and Hermione quickly dressing themselves. "Blimey Harry. Did you?" Ron began, looking at the naked woman, alongside the dribbles of cum still pouring from her cock and assuming Harry to be some kind of sex demon. "Yes, I fucked her unconscious," Harry said sarcastically as Hermione sniggered to herself, slipping her shoes on, "Is it just me, or am I the only one slightly worried about the fact that we have an unconscious naked woman here? I'm pretty sure, in the muggle world, we'd get arrested for this." "Yeah, yeah. Sorry. We're still on schedule. Come on, pick her up and follow me," Hermione said, looking to Harry and Ron to do the heavy lifting as she gathered up Rita's eclectic collection of clothing and guiding the two of them along. Begrudgingly taken a hold of the woman, the shifted Rita along, cautiously looking around each corner to make sure they didn't stumble upon anyone. Author's Note: A little shorter but I am stuck for time. Though, I hope you enjoyed Rita pushing Harry to his limits. And for being a creepy reporter, she deserves so long overdue comeuppance, which will come in the form of next week's chapter (might be in two weeks' time. Will see!). For updates on the story and schedule changes, check out my Tumblr. I will post if there isn't going to be a new chapter. If there isn't a post, then assume it will be going ahead as normal! And there are some sexy short stories on there as well. Also, remember to review with your suggestions for the last one-shot and I'll see you next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! Has been a while and for that, I apologise. I've been promising updates for a wee while, but things kept coming up. Had a brief stint in the hospital and couldn't post, work caught up as a result and I had to take care of that and several other small things I won't bore you with. Point is, hopefully I'm back on track and will be able to update more regularly now. I just wanted to briefly say something about some reviews, PM's and asks on Tumblr I've been receiving. A fair few people have noted that they are no longer reading the story because I've not been updating as regularly as I promised, and I've been constantly promising another chapter and not being able to hit that deadline. I just want to say that I don't owe people anything. If I don't post a chapter on time, that doesn't mean that you get to act all self-righteous about not reading any more. I write this in my free time and don't ask anything in return other than a bit of feedback. If you aren't going to read it, fine by me, but don't start making it out to be my fault because I've focussed something other than a naughty little hobby of mine. It doesn't bother me that you don't want to read anymore, but don't try to guilt trip me. It annoys me that some people can act so entitled when I'm literally just doing this for fun. I'm not trying to bash the people who have been really nice and wondering if I'm okay. The majority of people have been brilliant, and you guys are the reason that I'm back. Getting nice reviews and PM's have made me go out of my way to try better. But when people act so entitled about a smut story online, it annoys me. Sorry, for the wee rant, but it's just gotten a little annoying having people crop up proclaiming that I'm somehow doing them a disservice for not updating a random smut story online. Also, thanks to all the people reviewing with feedback, encouragement and some peculiar messages that I'm doing my best to decipher (I think they're positive!). I'm trying my best but can't always get there. So, thanks for the patience and I hope that you'll enjoy this chapter and the ones that will be coming soon enough! Still open to one-shot suggestions! Got some good ones that have stoked my interest so far but haven't narrowed it down yet! Keep 'em coming! Chapter 37: Punishment Fits the Crime "Why are we in here?" Harry asked as they hauled Rita's unconscious body behind the tapestry and made their way slowly down the small corridor. Arriving in the gloryhole antechamber, the trio stopped for a moment, lowering the naked woman down onto the ground. Ron was a little confused, but primarily because of the fact that unlike the other two, he was completely in the dark when it came to the school gloryhole. Opening one of the doors, his eyes widened with glee. "Quiet Ron. Close the door," Hermione ordered plucking her wand from her sleeve and lifting it up. Gently moving her wand back and forth, she drew several letters in the air, with the square of cubicles suddenly starting to glow a bright and foreboding red. Closing her eyes, Hermione muttered to herself, fumbling through a series of spells before finally, pointing her wand directly at the gloryhole and casting, "Poena!" "What the hell kind of spell is that?" Ron asked as they watched the square of cubicles begin to bulge and push outwards. They shifted into new positions, keeping the square of nine cubicles, but making each of them bigger, allowing for three people to fit in one. The new size dimensions also created a corridor leading to the central chamber, which now had a door leading into it. "One of the school's old secrets. Essentially, what happens now. The central room is now open. When we lock Rita inside there, she has to 'satisfy' someone in each of the cubicles? The central room remains locked until she has done so. Not only that… but if I'm not mistaken…" Hermione smirked, leading Harry and Ron to the central room and pointing inside of it. It was a little spacious, but the walls seemed to move and shift of their own accord, making the room smaller and larger as it saw fit. Taking the two of them to one of the cubicles, she opened the door and smiled, "See! Three holes. Each cubicle immediately adjusts to cater for how many people there are. Meaning that whilst there are only nine cubicles, well… she'll have to deal with more than just nine people…" "That's bloody brilliant. Cruel… but brilliant," Ron commented, pulling open one of the corner cubicles and seeing that it too had three holes. However, when he opened one on the opposite side, the room shifted and shrunk so that there was only one hole, "Are we really going to leave her in here? She could starve before enough people come visit? I'm all for a punishment, but that seems a little extreme?" "That was normally the case. At least in the book I read. However, I took the precaution of sending anonymous letters to various people that Rita had wronged, and let's just say that the response… it was quite substantial. I doubt Rita will have much trouble getting out. She'll have to put in a lot of effort mind you, but she'll have no trouble at all," Hermione smiled, silently chuffed with her plan. It was quite brutal and incredibly cruel, but following Rita's reign of terror, Hermione was hardly going to simply allow her to walk it off. And it had to be suitably harsh to dissuade Rita from using the photos in a more malicious way. There was no way for the trio to get the hard copies, so they had to make sure that Rita firmly learnt her lesson. "You're scary sometimes Hermione… Quite scary…" Ron smirked, the two of them kissing before Harry and Ron hauled Rita's body into the small cubicle at the centre of the gloryhole. Hermione didn't lock the door quite yet, but instead plucked a camera from her bag and suspended it in one of the corners of Rita's cubicle, setting it to take photos every few minutes. Hermione was taking no chances. Leaving the small corridor, Hermione moved her wand and locked the door, causing the corridor to the central cubicle to disappear, trapping Rita in place ready to await her night of intense punishment. "So… What do we do now?" Harry asked, the question being on all three of their minds. Naturally, every single one of them wanted to 'take care of Rita' and weren't going to miss the chance to take their revenge. However, the manner in which they did so was up for debate. And Ron and Harry's pride were the only thing standing in the way of them making the most of it. "Well… If we want to make sure that Rita is punished properly, we'll want to… want to be conservative about the number of cubicles we use. If we want to make it… make it… If we want to, we should probably all share the same cubicle," Hermione suggested, Harry and Ron glancing at one another a little unsurely. They hadn't really been naked around each other and it that innate boyish pride inside both of them was bubbling to the surface. Hermione quickly added, "Well, I mean if you are both okay with that? I mean, I don't want it to be awkward?" "No, it wouldn't be awkward. Just… Yeah, we're all adults?" Harry stammered, wiping his brow as he and Ron avoided each other's gaze. Hermione, meanwhile, kept entirely quiet, hiding her desire to see the both of them naked together. The girl was allowed her fantasies. "Yeah. Of course. As long as it's not like we're… touching and stuff…" Ron added, Harry nodding along in agreement as the two of them fumbled their words, with Hermione standing between them, silently exploding at the idea of having them both naked beside her. "Yeah, yeah. We won't have to touch. Definitely not…" Harry breathed, scratching his hair nervously as silence fell across all three of them. Lifting their eyes, they all looked at one another with the same tepid look, Hermione acting a little more awkward than she actually was. "Well, I suppose we should? You know?" Hermione suggested, glancing at the two boys before unzipping her hoodie and dropping it to the ground. It wasn't exactly the most revealing of movements but gave Harry and Ron the appropriate hint. Nodding slowly, Harry began to do the same, slowly pulling his top off and revealing his Quidditch toned body. Ron mimicked his movements, though not consciously. He just didn't want to be the first to reveal himself. Hermione was a little eager in her undressing, stripping down to her bra and boyish boxer shorts, her hardened cock fighting against her underwear. Harry and Ron got down to their boxers and stood nervously, all three of them feeling a little weird about getting naked with each other. It didn't matter that she had shagged both of them. It was still awkward being naked with her best friends. Unclasping her bra, she freed her breasts, before looking at Harry and Ron. Nodding, the three of the fought the nerves and dropped their boxers in unison, their cocks all bouncing free. Hermione was the only one who was comfortable looking at the other two, her eyes latching onto their cocks and making the comparison that had only been able to make in her mind up until this point. A part of her was tempted to reach out and compare their weight and girth with her hands, but she figured that would cause them to have an aneurism. Instead, she concluded that she was a lucky, lucky girl. Harry kept his eyes on Hermione's breasts, focussing on every curve and her delicious little nipples. Ron did the same, only his infatuation was with her cock, the thick meaty shaft that bounced between her legs. However, he quickly switched from looking down there to looking at her arse after catching an unwitting look at Harry's cock. "Shall we boys?" Hermione smirked, offering a soft wink to the pair of them as she let her guard down a little, revealing her true excitement for the current situation. The boys stammered a response before turning towards the cubicle and sliding inside. Hermione took the central hole, whilst Harry took the right and Ron the left. Harry took his wand with them and with Hermione and Ron's approval, cast the counter-spell. "Rennervate!" He cast, pointing the wand through the hole and reviving Rita, who awoke startled and frazzled. Whilst the trio couldn't see, they heard her scrabbling around, her breath quickening as she realised she was trapped. She pushed against every wall, trying to free herself before finally coming to terms with the situation. "If you bastards don't let me out, I swear to merlin that I will shatter every fragment of public repute you have. I will bring you down to the level of the dogs, do you hear me? Don't try me!" Rita screeched, banging on the walls again and again, until Hermione finally drew her wand and tapped the wall in front of them. Fiery writing appeared in place, written centuries ago by the creator of the cubicles. Appearing on both sides, it read: You who is condemned to the pit. You shalt remain trapped in her till visitors from each compartment are satiated. As punishment for your perverse and heinous crimes against the school, thou shalt pleasure all whom you have wronged. Lest you wish to starve and die a most terrible death. Happy sucking! "You… You let me out! Right now! I will not be demeaned like this!" Rita screeched as she read the writing. The only response she got, was at Hermione's signal. With grins on their faces, all three visitors pushed forwards and slipped their shafts through the holes, pressing their crotches up against the wall as Rita recoiled in horror, "Take those away before I…" "Before you what? You want to be let you, you have to do as the enchantment says. You should know that you can't hoodwink an enchantment like this," Hermione giggled wiggling her hips and causing her cock to shake in Rita's direction the woman groaning beneath her voice. "You… bastards… If I… You let me go? If I do as you… you perverts want?" Rita breathed, sliding onto her knees, completely oblivious of the camera that was slowly taking photographs of her prim and proper face ogling the three cocks before her. They did look rather appetizing. And whilst Rita would never admit it, the thrill of young cock was always one that held her fancy. "Of course,… After you've done us and… I don't know. A dozen more people?" Hermione smiled, whispering the second part of her sentence to Harry and Ron who both stifled laughter. Growing impatient, Hermione shook her cock once more, "Come on! I would have thought a pervert like you would love having three young cocks!" "Young? Just how young might I ask? Just for… for… future reference?" Rita stammered, inching closer and closer, trying to get herself ready to suck three cocks at once. Especially three young cocks. Soon enough, she managed to push the reality of her confinement away and filled her mind with the eroticism of pleasing three young slabs of meat. She was a creep. And whilst she was slowly starting to revel in her situation, the night was going to be long and hard and would soon bring her to the edge of sanity. "Fifteen…" Rita purred, letting her slutty and pervy demeanour slip out as her hands lifted themselves upwards, her thin delicate fingers snaking their way around Ron and Harry's cocks, the older woman softly squeezing their cocks as she eyed up the thickest and longest specimen with her hungry eyes, the woman licking her lips as she breathed softly against Hermione's shaft. Hermione gave both the boys a pleased grin as Rita succumbed to the perverted lust inside of herself. Gently beginning to jerk both Harry and Ron off, the two boys stifled moans as her nimble and incredibly experienced hands made them even stiffer, their heads dribbling pre-cum as she stroked them slowly and sensually. They both felt her pull her hands away for a brief moment before their returned even slicker and more sumptuous than before. Dribbling spit into each hand, she stroked them to a lubed shimmer, forcing them to be satisfied with only a steady handjob for the time being as she focussed her hungry lips on Hermione's glorious shaft. Laying her tongue at the base of Hermione's cock, Rita slowly drew it down her and along her length, lazily zig-zagging back and forth, coating her shaft in a thin layer of saliva, guiding her tongue all the way down until she tasted the sweet pre-cum that was leaking from her tip. Gently flicking her tongue playfully across her tip, Rita skilfully curled her tongue around her head, lapping lustfully at the sweet and tender flesh, the pulsating head throbbing against the older woman's lips as she suckled casually on her tip. Hermione groaned softly, sinking her hips slightly to try and push as much of her cock into the woman's grasp, savouring the way her tongue glided up and down, seemingly twisting in impossible ways to lavish her bulbous cockhead. Parting her lips, Rita wrapped them tightly around Hermione's thick cockhead, slowly pushing them sensually across her flesh. Suckling on her cockhead, Rita swallowed every bead of cum with ease, draining the young girl with all her ability. Her own cock twitched as she pictured the stranger's face leering down at her as she guzzled on her cock. Lifting her head, she plunged her lips sharply down Hermione's shaft, swallowing half of it in a split-second, eliciting a gasp of surprise from Hermione, followed by a deeper groan of pleasure. Hugging the wall, Hermione found her breath quickening as Rita slowly and sensually dragged her lips back along the first half of Hermione's cock, slowly down to a snail's pace in order to taunt the young girl. As she reached the tip, she plucked her lips from her cock, taking a breath before simply resting her lips against her head and gently humming, the vibrations being enough to make Hermione squirm. Pulling away entirely, Rita left Hermione's cock sitting there, letting her lips travelling across to Ron's shaft. Not sparing him the same formalities, she drifted her hand from his cock to Hermione's before firmly and roughly plunging her throat down onto his shaft, her nose pushing into his crotch. Gagging silently, she flexed and tightened her throat, her hole spasming and clutching onto his cock, dragging him deeper into her plump, rose-red lips. Ron breathed sharply inwards as he let out a soft moan, his eyes rolling closed as Hermione trailed kisses along his arm. Rita didn't waste any time and slid her lips up and down, impaling her throat upon his cock with deep and powerful thrusts, the soft wet slurps of her hungry feasting filling the small room. Drawing her mouth away once more, she kissed his head, her hands switching once more so that she was jerking both Hermione and Ron whilst her lips travelled to Harry's shaft. Instead of lunging for his shaft, she slipped lower, latching her mouth around his balls, gently starting to suckle on the sensitive mouthfuls, playfully smacking them around her mouth her tongue, rolling them tenderly across her teeth before dragging her soft sexy lips across them. The sound of her popping them out of her mouth, only to lunge back at them with increased hunger filled the room with her hands moving with a matching rhythm tugged the other two of at a brisk and pleasurable pace. And on and on she went, darting from cock to cock, slurping on their shafts like an animal, or tenderly moving her mouth along their balls. Or some perverse and pleasure combination of both. The three friends clung to the wall, occasionally thrusting, humping Rita's moving mouth as best they could. Then they heard footsteps outside of the door, another anonymous face entering the public part of the gloryhole. Noticing that the trio's cubicle was in use, the mysterious arrival walked around to the opposite side, getting in the cubicle directly across from the Hermione, Ron and Harry. Stripping down, it took the new arrival only a minute to be standing naked in the small space and it took only a few seconds for them to thrust their shaft through the hole, catching Rita's attention with a loud cough. Pulling her lips briefly away from the trio's cocks, Rita glanced backwards, spying the cock behind her. Moaning to herself, Rita smiled, "Asian? Mmm… I love a foreign cock. I'll be with you in a moment darling. Momma's busy at the moment…" "From where I'm standing, it looks like momma still has a hole that's not in use," Cho smirked, wiggling her cock at the older woman, expecting her to dutifully slide her thick cock into her tight rather unused ass. Laughing loudly and almost comically, Rita pulled her lips from Harry's cock for a moment to chuckle. "I have my dignity. My ass Is not open for use," Rita said proudly, only to receive a loud giggle from Cho as the Asian girl pulled her cock out of the hole and reached for her wand. Returning hungrily to Harry, Ron and Hermione's cocks, Rita bounced from each shaft, dragging her lips softly along each of their lengths, revelling in having so much thick, young cock for her to savour. Murmuring to herself, Cho cast a spell through the hole, gently lifting Rita's plump rear end upwards. Confused, Rita felt her bum getting pulled into the air, until she was forced to stand up. Bent over at the waist, she found herself unable to move as her arse was planted firmly against the wall, her puckered asshole directly lined up with the gloryhole, "What the hell do you think you are doing?" "After what you did to my boyfriend, I'm afraid that your arse is very much open for use…" Cho smiled, placing her wand to one side before gently lubing her cock up, jerking herself till her thick bulbous shaft shimmered. Rubbing a mouthful of saliva across her asshole, Cho pushed the tip of her cock up against Rita's tight and incredibly silky ass, the older woman trying to wiggle out of the way but failing. Cho rubbed her head up and down Rita's sumptuous arse crack, smearing saliva along her skin until the curves of her cheeks glistened. Finally, she rested against Rita's ass, and without further ceremony, eased herself forwards, hugging the wall as she sank several inches deep inside the woman's tight hole, Cho savouring the sensation of being inside a tight arse once more, "Fuck that's good… I would have thought a camera whore like you would have an arse like a fucking cave…" "You Chinese bitch! I swear to…." Rita grunted, dropping her hands from Ron and Harry's cocks and steadying herself against Cho's firm push into her ass. Her arse was frozen in place meaning that Cho had full access to the woman's rear end and she was gong to make good use of the untouched hole. "What are you gonna do?" Hermione snapped, thrusting her cock forwards and smacking the woman across the face with her cock. Sneering, Rita had every urge to bite Hermione's cock, but decided against it. Hermione smirked, "It's getting close to morning. You'd better start sucking or it's going to be a long day!" "You… When I get out of here…" Rita muttered beneath her breath, begrudgingly grabbed Harry and Ron's cocks once more, wincing as more of Cho's incredibly thick cock pushed inside her. Gritting her teeth, Rita gasped loudly as Cho thrust forwards, sharply burying the entirety of her throbbing dick inside the older woman and moaning happily as her balls smacked against Rita's. Breathing heavily, Rita gave up and simply decided to get this over with, leaning forwards and pushing Hermione's cock deep into her throat, focussing on the young girl's shaft and trying her best to milk her dry whilst Cho savoured the depths of her rear entrance. Clinging to the wall, Cho drew her hips back, pulling a couple inches of Rita's ass before swiftly plunging them back in, her head swimming with pleasure as her cock was massaged by her clutching insides, pre-cum pouring from her tip and flooding into Rita's bum. Unable to move, Rita simply groaned into Hermione's cock, her sweet vibrations causing her cock to swell inside her throat, more and more of her sweet pre-cum pouring down her gullet. Gently humping the wall, Cho built a slow and steady pace, inching in and out of her arse, feeling every soft inch of Rita's ass gliding over her cock. The Asian girl hadn't had a chance to fuck someone for a long time, with Cedric topping her more and more. So, having such a tight, near virgin hole, wrapped around her cock was sensational. It was like her first time with Cedric, with Rita's ass unwittingly pulling her back in every time she drew her hips backwards. Both Harry and Ron moaned softly at the slow and clumsy handjobs that Rita was providing, both of them growing a little tired of her stale and tedious jerking. Noticing this, Hermione dipped two fingers on each of her hands into her mouth, coating them in saliva before reaching behind both Harry and Ron. They were both oblivious to her movements, right up into her slippery digits were resting against their assholes. Their eyes widened, but Hermione offered nothing but a sly smirk before pushing forwards into both of their well-used holes. Peeling apart instantly, their asses flexed around her two fingers, both Harry and Ron groaning loudly as Hermione plunged her fingers deep inside them, right up to the knuckle. Curling the fingers inside the pair of them, Hermione grinned, the eroticism of having her two favourite boys riding her fingers with her their asses making her cock twitch. Harry felt himself on the edge, with Hermione's fingers driving in and out of him. The pleasure tingling through his cock was incredible and he wasn't going to last long. Luckily for his pride, Ron was much the same, with his cock already spasming and twitching in Rita's hand, spraying cum across her arm and breasts. Groaning in disdain around Hermione's cock, Rita let go of his cock, allowing him to pull his shaft out of her grasp, his cock softening. Harry was quick to following, spraying another, smaller load across the older woman's breasts before pulling out and watching Hermione gently fucking the wall. The way here arse moved back and forth, her cock slipping deeper into Rita's throat, all to the delicious chorus of wet slurping sounds. Finally, Hermione joined the boys, cumming hard and deep into Rita's throat. Gasping, she pulled her lips away from Hermione's shaft, dribbling cum down her lip as she spat it onto the floor. Unfortunately, Hermione's load was a little larger than she anticipated, with the young girl spraying several more thick strands across her face and hair, the woman seething angrily. Pulling her cock away, Hermione giggled, "Thanks sweet cheeks…" "Fuck you…" Rita grunted as she wiped the cum from her body, trying her best to keep the prim proper look that she adored. Unluckily, her make-up was already smudged, and her cheeks were blushing. Her hair was dishevelled, and each thrust that Cho made into her asshole made hands clench, smearing Harry and Ron's cum across her palm. Hoping that Cho would cum soon, Rita put up with the slow and steady fucking, her prostate tingling deep inside her as the soft and passionate smacks echoed through her cubicle. "Oh!" a voice squealed as Hermione, Ron and Harry left the cubicle grins on their faces. Staggering outside, they were met with two startled faces. Padma and Parvati were half naked, the former's breasts entirely exposed whilst Parvati's cock was thick and free. Both of them panicked as the cubicle door opened, but quickly calmed down when they saw who it was. Padma raised an eyebrow at all three of them whilst Parvati stifled a giggle and kept stripping. Padma spoke up, "Sharing, are we? How… modern…" Blushing the trio began to quickly dress themselves, pulling their clothing clumsily on as Padma and Parvati did the opposite. Once entirely naked, the twins offered the trio a sexy wink before pulling open one of the corner cubicles that stood to the right of the trio's used cubicle and stepping inside, the two girl's giggling. The trio noticed their cubicle lock, preventing anyone from using it. A part of the enchantment. Harry and Ron finished first, waiting for Hermione to tuck herself back into her boxers. Grabbing her bra, she heard more footsteps striding along the corridor and into the room. Before she could hide her breasts, Hermione's eyes widened, panicked as she looked up and breathed, "Professor…" McGonagall froze, stopping in place as she looked down at the three of them, her eyes instantly drawn to Hermione's soft bouncing chest. All four of them dared not speak a word, even the Professor being a little taken aback by the whole situation. Finally, she spoke up, "I think you three had best go back to your dormitories… And keep very, very quiet about all this. And I shall afford you the same curtesy…" "Yes professor!" Hermione stammered, not even bothering to finish dressing, but instead deciding to grab her clothes and just run for it. McGonagall made sure that they disappeared beyond the tapestry before sliding inside the corner cubicle on the other side of the trio's used cubicle. "Did you invite the professor?" Ron breathed, his heart racing after the encounter. Whilst Hermione had written anonymous letters inviting a fair few people to the gloryhole that evening, McGonagall was not one of them. The trio barely spoke another word as they rushed back to the common-room, leaving Rita in the gloryhole with eight other cubicles to satisfy. And with three new arrivals, she was incredibly busy. Rita had her eyes clamped shut as Cho hammered her cock back and forth, spreading her tight little hole wider and wider with each deep and powerful thrust. She opened her eyes as she heard fumbling in the two corners either side of where she had been sampling some fine young cocks. Glancing through each of the holes, she could see three figures in total, her stomach turning at the idea of having to take care of every single one of them, "I'm sorry, but I'm really not interested in anymore people. So, if you'll just pop off and leave." "After sending us those pictures of the Yule Ball? Nah, we're gonna have some fun with you," Padma chortled, striding up to the hole and slipping her meaty Indian cock through and into Rita's grasp, smirking as she did so. Paravti had other things in mind, instead drawing her wand and gently tapping the rim of the hole, watching it spread wider and wider, until it could fit her bum. Turning around, she shuffled back, resting her ass in the larger hole making sure her cheeks were spread just enough that Rita would have easy access to her tight little ass hole. "Finally, a girl who knows her place. As soon as this Asian bitch is done back there, I'll give your ass a good hard fuck," Rita purred, running her hands fondly over Parvati's taut little bum, her slightly gaping asshole winking at Rita, begging to have her creamy cock lodged her rounded arse. "You? Fuck me? I'd sooner sleep with the Slytherin Quidditch Team. No, I don't want your dick, I want your filthy little tongue. After spreading all those lies, it'll be fitting to get your mouth somewhere it belongs," Parvati smirked, gently wiggling her ass as she and Padma grinned at each other. Rita, however, scoffed, simply slapping Parvati's ass and pulling her hands away, sighing loudly as Professor McGonagall slipped her own cock through the hole, waiting patiently for Rita to start sucking. "I'm not licking your fucking ass. I have standards believe it or not and your bum is not going anywhere near anything other than my cock. And you can take your wrinkly dick away as well. I'm not anyone's fucking slut. And you'd better let me out of here or so help me…" Rita began to snap, grunting her words out as Cho slammed her cock into her arse, cutting her sentences in half and forcing half pleasured and half pained moans to slip from her rosy red lips. Cho was nearing her end but wanted to savour every inch of the slut's tight little arse before handing it of to more people who would undoubtedly treat her in a similar manner. Her balls were tightening, and a thin layer of sweat was coating her Asian skin. A part of her wanted to see the look on the reporter's face as her cock slid in and out of her bum, but there was a perverse sense of justice in the anonymity of pounding her hole at the gloryhole. It was all the more demeaning for Rita. And with the camera silently ticking away, the aftermath was going to be just as juicy. "Either you lick my darling sister's ass, or we stand in this cubicle all night with hard-ons. Which means that you won't be able to get free. Not to mention we'll be incredibly horny and we simply can't have that. So, eat her ass, or we'll make your life a misery," Padma snapped, pulling her cock back out of the hole and sliding down to her knees. Growing tired of Rita's impertinence, Padma slipped her hand through the hole, sharply grabbing Rita's hair and tugging her head over to her sister's bum. Slapping at Padma's arm, Rita suddenly felt her hands get tugged behind her, with thick leather ropes binding her wrists. Looking over at McGonagall's cock, she spied a wand, which was quickly replaced by her thick and aged cock, the tip dribbling with pre-cum, coaxed out by the sheer eroticism of the situation. Sure, it was incredibly immoral, but the perverse sense of justice they were inflicting on Rita was sublime. And McGonagall was able to maintain her anonymity whilst engaging sexually with her students. "I swear…" Rita breathed, fighting Padma's tough grip, but ultimately failing, her neck turning towards Parvati's bum, her lips slowly advancing on her tight little ass. Keeping her lips tightly locked, she scrunched up her face, as Padma pressed her lips against Parvati's ass, her face being pushed between Parvati's soft bum cheeks. Gently shaking her ass, Parvati pushed back onto Rita's face, using the woman's lips to rub a small amount of pleasure out, but being entirely dissatisfied with Rita's disdainful face. "I can't feel that tongue of yours. I want to feel it nice and deep inside me, you dirty little whore. Come on, get that little tongue up my filthy arse!" Parvati coaxed pushing back onto Padma's grip, feeling Rita's annoyed groans shake through her ass. Finally, she parted her lips and flicked her tongue against Parvati's ass, the brief lick being far from enough to satiate the Indian woman. Conceding, Rita slowly pushed her tongue forwards, easing it past Parvati's gaping hole and slowly pushing it inside. Stifling the initial urge to gag, Rita found the actual act of licking someone's ass to not be as repulsive as she thought. Extending her tongue as far as she could, she worked off Padma's soft and subtle moans, guiding her tongue to the more sensitive spots inside her ass. Smiling, Padma let go of Rita's neck and unfastened her hands, guiding one of them towards the hole and latching her nimble fingers around her thick chocolaty shaft. Rita got the hint, steadily jerking the young twin off as Cho pounded at her rear end, coming closer and closer to cumming. Begrudgingly, she lifted her hand to the older cock and began to jerk McGonagall off, but focussed her attention on rimming the young Indian's ass, her tongue extending enough to tease her prostate and cause a shudder of pleasure to ripple through her body, her legs quivering ever so slightly. "Fuck! Take it you lying bitch!" Cho grunted, slamming her hips forwards and moaning loudly, pumping several long strands of pent-up cum deep into Rita's clutching asshole. Her cock shuddered and twitched deep in her rectum, pouring spurt after spurt inside her, filling her to the brim. Moaning happily as she unloaded into the blonde bitch, Cho watched as a few dribbles of cum were pushed out of Rita's ass, the dribbles running down onto Cho's balls as her cock slowly softened and popped out of her hole, "Good… Soon, the whole world will know that Rita Skeeter takes cock like a good little street-whore..." Rita didn't even bother to reply, instead groaning into Parvati's ass as the spell Cho had cast on her bum was undone, and she was finally able to rest on her knees. Adjusting herself, Rita repeated in her mind that all she had to do was make them cum and then she would be done. Her tongue writhed and wriggled inside of Parvati, slipping back and forth against her sensitive bead of pleasurable flesh. Pulling her lips away from Parvati's ass, Rita groaned angrily as she wrapped her lips around Padma's cock, suckling dutifully on her plump and sensitive tip before plunging her lips sharply along her chocolaty cock. She kept jerking McGonagall of, hoping that she'd be able to make the older cock cum with only her hand, however, that was proving unlikely. Dropping her other hand from Padma's cock, she slid her hand up to Parvati's bum cheeks and softly played with them, hoping to elicit some pleasure from a simple and soft caress of her skin. "Go on… Shove some fingers up there or something. Have you really never played with a girl's ass before? It's not like a cock, stroking doesn't cut it," Parvati groaned, her hand dropping between her legs and furiously speeding up and down her cock. Her moans filled the small cubicle, quickly joined by her sister as Rita plunged her lips down onto Padma's cock with a hungry eagerness. Begrudgingly, Rita did just that, curving her hand down and around Parvati's bum cheeks and resting two digits against her lubricated hole. Groaning around Padma's cock, Rita closed her eyes as she pushed her fingers forwards, her fingers slipping easily into her well-trained hole and quickly being submerged up to the knuckle. Grunting pleasurably, Parvati sped her hand along her cock, trying to adjust her arse so that Rita's fingers rested against her sensitive button. However, before she could do that, Rita began to pull her fingers out, softly pumping the digits into Parvati's ass, gently finger fucking the young twin. Bobbing her head up and down Padma's cock, Rita let her moans reverberate along her shaft, the pre-cum pouring readily down into her throat. Her tongue was squashed against the base of the mouth and her throat continuously spasmed as she moved. Sliding her lips down to Padma's base, she forced her tongue out from between her lips gently running her tongue along the curve of Padma's balls, eliciting a deep and happy groan from the young girl. Slowly, Padma began to draw her hips back, gently and lazily fucking Rita's throat, the wet throaty coughs filling the cubicle as Rita choked and spluttered, saliva dribbling down her chin as she tried her best to swallow the saliva building in her mouth. Padma sped up, keeping her thrusts short and shallow, focussing on hammering the depths of the older woman's throat, rather than slamming her entire length back and forth. Lifting her spare hand to her lips, Parvati drenched three fingers in saliva before running the slick fingers down her sister's ass, finding her entrance and easily pushing her digits deep into her rear end. Forcing them deep inside, she curled them upwards, hitting her sweet spot and causing a gasp of pleasure to burst from the young girl's throat. Her orgasm hit her suddenly, the additional fingers sending waves of pleasure shuddering through her body and pumping her load deep into Rita's unwitting throat. Pulling back, she coughed and spluttered with Padma's cock squirting the remaining dregs across her face, her cum mingling with Hermione's load. Spitting the rest of the cum out and onto the ground, Rita wiped her lips before adding another finger to Parvati's arse, hoping that she'd be able to push her over the edge as well. She was right, with Parvati bouncing happily back and forth on Rita's fingers, pushing them deeper into her ass with each forceful and powerful push. She dragged her hand down to her cockhead, rubbing her thumb across her pre-cum soaked tip, trying to relieve herself. Moaning, she felt her orgasm flow through her cock, her head casually spewing the cum into her palm, the young Indian girl making careful effort to catch every drop of her cum. Pulling herself off of Rita's fingers, she used her clean hand to slap her arse softly before turning around to the hole and pushing her cum soaked hand through into Rita's reach, "Go on. Lick it clean like the bitch you are. Come on. Or me and my sister will sit here all night and you'll be stuck another day." Rita didn't even humour her with a response, instead extending her tongue and meekly licking Parvati's palm. As soon as she felt it, Parvati pressed her hand against Rita's face, smearing her own cum alongside her sister's and Hermione's rendering Rita a sticky and pathetic mess. Laughing, the twins slid out of their cubicle, their voices lifting up once they were outside and they met with another attendant. Rita however, breathed heavily and took the blow, turning to McGonagall's cock and unashamedly wrapping her lips around the elderly woman's cock, easily and eagerly dragging her lips half way along her length before starting to bob up and down her shaft. Several minutes past of Rita simply sucking the professor off before anyone else joined the two of them. Entering the cubicle opposite McGonagall, some strode immediately up to the hole and slipped their rather heavy length through. Lifting their shaft, the gently tapped it against Rita's bum, trying to get the reporter to adjust herself so as to allow the new arrival to fuck her. Feeling the bulbous tip grinding against her cheeks, Rita, simply wanting it to be over, lifted herself up onto her feet and pushed her ass against the hole, encouraging the mysterious arrival to fuck her. Little did she know that this would be an incredible mistake. Seeing Rita's creamy bum pressed up against the hole, Ginny grinned happily. Withdrawing her cock, she reached into her jeans that lay on the floor and plucked from the pocket the Ring. Hermione and she had agreed that this was a suitable use for the trinket and Ginny swiftly slid it over her cock, watching her length bulge and swell to it's gargantuan size. Spitting on her length, she jerked herself to a lubed shimmer before stooping downwards and rubbing her thick head against Rita's puckered little asshole. So enthralled with McGonagall's cock, Rita barely noticed how large and obtuse the cockhead rubbing itself along the cleft of her ass. It was only when Ginny began to push forwards that Rita's eyes flew wide open and her lips began to tremble around McGonagall's cock. Frozen in place, Rita felt her hole slowly began to spread wider and wider until it finally snapped around the head of Ginny's mammoth cockhead. Her meek whimper barely vibrated through McGonagall's cock and Rita's lips simply began to quiver and loosen around her cock, her hands clutching tighter on the older woman's shaft, using her rigid length for support as Ginny slowly thrust forwards, sinking inch after inch of obscenely large cock into the tight Blonde's clutching and relatively untouched hole. Moaning loudly as she plundered the reporter's arse, Ginny felt a little resistance from the woman, but nothing that she could force her cock through. Eventually, she had to give on being balls deep in the blonde bitch's rear, instead opting to savour around ten inches of her cute bubble butt. However, before Ginny could start to thrust back and forth, Ginny felt Rita's ass slowly pull itself off of her cock, but not in a sharp and sudden manner. Instead in a slow and sensual way, as if Rita had fallen in love with the gargantuan cock inside her. That wasn't the case at all. In fact, Rita's body had seized up, with the sudden monster cock intruding into her arse paralysing her. No. Having grown tired of Rita's rigid and clumsy blowjob, McGonagall had taken matters into her own hands. Taking her wand, she cast a silent spell through the wall, binding Rita's hands behind her back once more, before gently using a spell to move her body back and forth. Whenever she pulled her wand towards herself, Rita's lips were forcefully pushed all the way own to the professor's heavy, wrinkly balls. And whenever she drew her wand away from herself her lips were slowly and sensually drawn all the way back to her cockhead, just so she was softly kissing her elderly tip. Subsequently, this meant that McGonagall's wand movements-controlled Rita's arse, gently dragging her tight, saliva slick hole back and forth across Ginny's monstrous length, the two ladies spit-roasting the blonde reporter slut. Clinging to the wall, Ginny pushed the entirety of her cock through the wall, meaning that whenever McGonagall pushed Rita back onto the redhead's cock, every single inch was forced deep into her plump little bum, Ginny's balls smacking softly against Rita's. Unable to deny the tiny amounts of pleasure in her body, Rita went limp, her moans dribbling along McGonagall's cock as she was dragged back and forth between the two shafts like an inanimate ragdoll. Grunting and groaning occasionally, her meek and minute sounds were muffled by the long elderly cock that was almost always forced down her spasming gullet. Her own cock was soft but had dribbled a couple of orgasms down her thigh ever since she had been imprisoned. The initial thrust deep into her arse by Ginny had forced a few more thin strands to spurt along her thigh. The collection of slaps, moans and groans reached a culmination as both McGonagall and Ginny reached their end together. Ginny was slightly before, with McGonagall sliding Rita's ass all the way back, pushing Ginny balls deep in the woman. Pushing her over the edge, she unleashed her magically enhanced load, with the torrent of cum splashing deep into her hole and trickling out around her asshole. Several strands began to slide down the curve of her ass, mixing with the strands of her own cum on her thigh. As McGonagall pulled the woman back towards her own cock, she unleashed her own pent up orgasm down the reporters throat, the blonde's limp throat causing most of it to dribble out of her lips and down her chin, dripping onto her chest and breasts. Continuing to pump her body back and forth between their two cocks, McGonagall finally dropped the spell allowing Rita to slump to the floor, her body weak and a little unsteady. Pulling their cocks back, both McGonagall and Ginny wasted no time in pulling their clothes on, the redhead sliding the ring from her shaft and pocketing it. Dressing swiftly, Ginny pushed out of the cubicle and watched it lock behind her. Turning to the exit, she met Professor McGonagall, the two of them freezing once more as they looked between one another. Clearing her throat, McGonagall adjusted her tartan nightdress before saying concisely, "Ms Weasley. I think it would be prudent if we never speak of this again. Lest… lest we both be… reprimanded for our rather lewd interactions." "Of course, Professor. I mean… Yes… Definitely," Ginny nodded, clasping her hands behind her back and avoiding the older woman's gaze. The two girls shifted back and forth for a moment, unsure as to what they should do. However, it was McGonagall who broke the silence in the most bizarre ways. "After all. And I shall say this once and only once. You shan't repeat it. Rita Skeeter? Well, the bitch deserved it," McGonagall said, nodding at the young redhead, the subtlest hint of a smile etching itself on the Professor's face as she turned and sped swiftly down the small corridor, retreating to her own quarters, leaving Ginny to wind her way back to the common-room, begrudgingly returning the Ring to Hermione as they agreed. Rita was given a small amount of time to readjust. It seemed that no matter her efforts, every single way she angled herself made her body hurt. Her ass ached, and she could still feel the cum dribbling from her hole, her once tight and untouched asshole now agape. Her breasts and face were a mess of cum, saliva and make-up and Rita was silently thankful that no one would be able to see her like this. Little did she know, that she was proudly flaunting her body to the camera above, offering it a delicious view of her body. And with four more cubicles left unlocked and waiting for occupants, Rita relished every moment where she could simply sit, uncomfortably hunched in the small confinement, her ass and throat well used. Luckily for her, the next occupants were unaware of the magical properties of the gloryhole and assumed that only one of them could fit in each cubicle, meaning that Rita managed to knock out three cubicles in one. However, the trio that had swiftly arrived weren't the simple blow and go kind of people. Intensity was their forte and they savoured long and hard sessions over simply quick shags. The two cubicles either side of her and the central one opposite Harry, Ron and Hermione's cubicles opened, and their occupants stood up to the mark. Through the central cubicle came a thick black python, standing proudly at twelve inches. It was already lubed up and ready to go, every inch of shaft gleaming with saliva, which was readily provided by the girl to Rita's right. Tapping the hole in the same way Parvati did, the girl presented her round creamy arse to Rita, her hole agape through rough and repeated use. Settling nicely into the nook, she wiggled her bum, taunting the older woman. And to her right was another black cock. This one shorter, but not by much. However, this black girl used her own spell, tapping the door to her cubicle. Unbeknownst to Rita, the wall behind the black girl pushed forwards until her rear end was pressed firmly against it, the girl pinned between the two thin walls. Another quick spell and a second hole was conjured behind the black girl, her bum settling nicely into it. And through some strange magic, Rita felt something pushing at her from below. Shuffling to one side, she found herself presented with a deliciously round and plump ebony bum, the hole magically shifting her rear end from the cubicle and down to the base of the central room. "Right bitch… The Gryffindor Quidditch Team have some words to say to you. Well, we'll let our cocks do the talking for us," Angelina snapped, gently wiggling her meaty cock, a dribble of pre-cum beading on her saliva slickened cock and dripping to the floor, "But… We don't fancy hearing your snivelling excuses and pathetic whimpers. So, do exactly as we say, and we'll be over and done before you know it. Bend over and let me slide into that worthless ass of yours…" After dealing with Ginny and McGonagall, it was safe to say that Rita had been broken. Had she a little more willpower, she would have undoubtedly retorted with some snide and witty remark. However, she simply staggered to her feet, wincing as she avoided stepping one what was Alicia's bum. Turning around, Rita grasped the head of Angelina's cock and with a soft grunt, dutifully eased the tip of her cock inside her gaping ass, her hole used to the immense width that Angelina presented. Confident that it would stay, Rita clenched her teeth before pushing her ass slowly back onto the thick black mamba, each inch forcing itself inside her with ease. After being run through by Ginny's Ring enchanted cock, Angelina's twelve inches seemed like child's play. "Mmm… The others must have put you in your place already. Good… I like my sluts to be well trained. Now stand still and let the gloryhole work it's magic. This place has a lot of neat enchantments," Angelina moaned, slowly starting to thrust in and out of Rita's ass, casually humping at the wall, savouring her relative tightness and the eagerness with which the high-strung strumpet turned around and impaled herself. Slowly, Alicia used her wand and tapped the right combination on the wall, causing the floor in the central chamber to rise slowly. It moved like putty, moulding itself around Rita's legs and freezing them in place. As it rose, Alicia's magically transported arse moved with it, lifting itself up and into position, with Rita's hardened cock resting against her rear entrance, "Alicia's given you a real treat… provided you make her and Katie squeal with pleasure." The bizarre position was incredibly pleasurable however. As Alicia reached behind herself and angled Rita's cock towards her ass, the pleasure of being fucked in such an uncommon manner made the black girl grin. Rita eagerly accepted the opportunity pushing her cock downwards and moaning happily as she felt the familiar pleasure of being balls deep in a nice, warm arse. Angelina's thrusting into her ass pushed her cock down and into Alicia's bum, the black girl's cock jiggling to Rita's left in response to hard balls deep fucking. Rita laid forwards, bending at the waist and using the elevated floor to prop herself up on as Angelina pounded at her well used ass, the momentum sending brief jolts of pleasure through both Alicia and Rita's bodies. Groaning, Rita lifted her two hands, guiding her left hand towards Alicia's shaking cock and wrapping her cum smeared fingers around her throbbing length. Furiously jerking her off, Rita sought to make the girl cum, knocking another cubicle out. Her other hand slid over to Katie's bum, two of her fingers finding her loose entrance and easily dipping inside. Katie hummed softly to herself, pushing back on Rita's digits, but finding them to be unsatisfying as a hole. She was used to thick meaty shafts pounding her like there was no tomorrow and two measly fingers were hardly going to make an impact on her, "Come on… What tight arsed prudes have you been fucking? You can get at least four back there…" "Yeah, with Katie's track record, it's a wonder you aren't wearing her like a glove," Alicia moaned, relishing the way that Rita's cock throbbed inside her. The pleasure didn't come from being fucked, but simply the glorious impact of Angelina's rough thrusting which forced Rita's cock to rearrange her tight insides. That combined with Rita's fingers gliding across her cock made for a subtle, but incredible sensation. Giggling in response, Katie didn't contend that fact, with her ass being loose enough for a hand to easily slide inside. Taking this and running with it, Rita pulled her fingers together and slowly pushed forwards, gently easing back and forth, testing the waters with Katie's rear end. It took a little working, but eventually her hole gave away, gaping and flexing enough for Rita to push past the knuckles of her fingers. Katie gasped loudly, her breathing growing shorter for a second as Rita pushed slowly and steadily forwards, Katie's asshole rolling slowly along her fist until her puckered hole was stretched around her wrist, Rita once more fisting someone. "Fuck… You put the idea in her head, Alicia… Oh shit… that's… mmm… That's proper… proper fucking good. Shit… Puts your cocks to shame that does… Mmm… Erm… Oh shit… Rita... I mean, bitch. Go and…. Fuck… go and spit on it a bit. Lube it up… bitch…" Katie stammered, her words straining ever so slightly as she adjusted to having such an obtuse object lodged in her ass. Taking a cock was easy. It's long and rigid, with the occasional ridge and bump. Having that sliding in and out is easy to take. But a fist… a fist had angles and ridges and bumps that push and stretch in the most unpredictable of ways. Pleasurably unpredictable. "Katie… Don't act like you don't love a dry fuck. You are too much of a slut to be picky about it," Angelina moaned, working up a thin sweat as she fucked Rita's ass, the older woman grunting and groaning occasionally as Angelina ground her prostate to dust, hammering it again and again. She was surprised with how much the prude reporter could take, though a lot of that ability came from the reaming that Ginny gave her. And so, Angelina found her head twitching towards and orgasm as Rita's silky hole glided back and forth across her length, massaging her cock tenderly, instead of being obstructive like she had thought. "I thought we were supposed to be belittling Skeeter. Not each other. And maybe I'll start being picky. Starting with you," Katie grunted as her hand sped like lightning across her own cock, her thumb pressing and squeezing the tip of her cock, fighting the sharp pain that came from such a rough treatment of her shaft and instead savouring the intense bursts of pleasure. "Oh… babe. You couldn't give my cock up even if you tried. I should start charging. I'd make a mint," Angelina chuckled, biting her lip. Rita, ignoring the trio's words, did as Katie told her and spit across her fist before easing it back and forth, the young girl's impassioned groans filling the room. Turning to Alicia, Rita engulfed her cock in her throat, feeling her shaft pulsating towards an orgasm. All three of the girls were on the edge and Rita did her best to push them over the edge. "And if you did that… Well, you'd have to settle for Georgie boy's bum. And we all know who out of the two of us is the better lay. Now… shut up… I'm about to… oh… I'm about to…" Katie moaned, producing a guttural and untamed groan as she sprayed her orgasm across her hand, drenching her fingers in copious amounts of cum. More cum that she would have thought. Her orgasm lasted for several seconds, her cock twitching again and again, dribbling more and more. The raw groan from Katie set the other three ladies off, all three of them cumming in unison. Rita sprayed across Alicia's bum, the black girl not daring to let her cum inside of her. Taking Alicia's cum into her mouth, Rita dutifully swallowed her load, not wanting to be covered in yet another round of cum. Angelina however, took pride in pulling out of Rita and firing several long bursts of cum across the blonde's back, landing several in her hair before pulling her cock out of the hole and speedily changing. The Gryffindors didn't waste a second, leaving as quickly as they came, the gloryhole shifting back into it's usual dimensions and leaving Rita splayed across the floor. Pushing up and onto her knees, she sighed, catching her breath as she realised she had one last cubicle to deal with. And then she heard her. The voice. Someone had occupied the cubicle during her session with the Quidditch Team. And her voice was very familiar indeed, "Mon ami… You 'ave been through so much… And zey leave without even a goodbye… Zat is rude…" "You? Of course, you'd be here. Come on… Let's get it over with," Rita groaned, pushing herself towards the last gloryhole and opening her lips in preparation, leaning forwards so that Fleur could see her eagerness to finish this up. The French dame, however, had something very different planned. "Non, non… I am not an animal like ze rest of zem. You 'ave been through enough. Please… Allow me to return ze favour zat you have so readily given the rest," Fleur smirked, sliding down onto her knees and placing her sexy lips besides the gloryhole. "Really?" Rita breathed, glancing through the hole and seeing Fleur in position, ready to relieve her. Eager, Rita pushed herself up and onto her feet, her cock soft between her legs due to the previous girls. However, she believed she had some fight left in her. Staggering into position, she pushed her cock through into Fleur's grasp, groaning at the prospect of the French beauty deepthroating her. "Do you know how zis glory'ole works? How you are freed? You 'ave to satisfy someone from each of ze cubicles. But did you know… zat nowhere in ze spell does it mention zat it must be sexual satisfaction. Non, non… it can be many different kinds of satisfaction…" Fleur purred, her hot breath running along Rita's cock. Fleur's tender fingers lifted themselves to Rita's cock, lifting it slightly. Breathing deeply, Rita felt a cold metal ring get placed beneath her cock and before she could react, she felt her softened cock get pinned painfully in place, the flesh pushing against what appeared to be a wire cage. She felt Fleur's lips press against her cock before pulling away sharply. Pulling her cock back from the hole, Rita looked down in horror as she found her softened cock trapped within a metal chastity cage, the metal lock tightened and unmoving. Fleur spoke, "I don't want a 'alf 'arsed blowjob from a cum-guzzling tramp like you. My satisfaction… well… my satisfaction comes from ze fact zat you will never have ze satisfaction you crave. Maybe if I'm generous… I'll send you ze key… In a couple years… Au revoir…" Her eyes widened as she fiddled with the cage, only serving to make it tighter and more uncomfortable. Fleur's delicate fingers had hardened her just enough so that she was beginning to throb against the metal, her cock begging to inflate, but being unable. She examined the lock. It was a magic seal. You could try to pick the lock, but it was bound to the specific key. The key that Fleur owned and would own for the foreseeable future. Rita had lost. She had lost big time. Rita groaned as she fell down to the floor, cum dribbling from every single orifice, her breasts coated in the sticky substance. Her body ached, and she adjusted her bum so as to not have the sharp pains of her well used arse bursting through her body. Her make-up was smeared across her face and her hair was incredibly dishevelled, with her body being well and truly fucked. As the last cubicle slid shut, the door locking behind her latest satiated customer, the central cubicle was finally unlocked, with the door sliding open and the small corridor leading to her freedom. Crawling swiftly along the corridor, Rita flopped against the wall of the large open room, breathing heavily as she was finally freed. Taking a moment to calm herself, Rita glanced to her right, spying a figure watching over her, "Of course it was you, you mudblood bitch…" "Have you learnt your lesson? I want every single one of those photos destroyed," Hermione snapped, folding her arms, her wand clutched in her hand. It was early morning and classes were soon to start, but the bushy-haired girl decided that she would make sure that Rita had been properly punished. "Or what? After all this, I'm going to make sure that every single one of those pictures is plastered across the entire school. Everyone will see how much of a slut you are," Rita sneered, pushing herself up to her feet and propping herself up against the wall. "Or what? Well, if anyone lays eyes on those photos, I'll make sure that these photos…" Hermione began, lifting her wand and pointing it at the gloryhole. Sure enough, the camera that she had enchanted floated slowly out and into her hand, the device holding hundreds of photos of Rita getting rammed from either end, lodging her tongue in people's arses and greedily guzzling down cum, "Falls in the room wrong hands…" "You bitch…" Rita breathed, turning towards Hermione and moving wrestle the camera from her hands. Hermione was quick on the draw, pointing her want towards the naked and cum-soaked reporter. Taking a step back, Rita held back her anger, deciding that she'd have to come up with something ingenious to get back at the young girl. Before Hermione could respond, Rita began to shrink, her body morphing into a small beetle. Trying to fly past Hermione, Rita wasn't able to move quick enough, with Hermione casting stupefy on the small bug. Falling to the ground, the beetle collapsed onto its back. Smirking, Hermione withdrew a vial from her bag and tucked the small beetle into the glass container, grinning as she realised just what Rita had been able to do. And with her trapped in the vial, Hermione realised that she had the opportunity to make Rita truly suffer. Author's Note: Boom! Ten thousand words. Let it never be said that I don't know how to return after a hiatus. This chapter was meant to be standard size, but then I got carried away with kinky ideas and explorative magic. Let me know if you'd like more of the eclectic magic gloryholes. And let me know if you like the more creative and absurdist situations. I feel like I could go a lot further with the kinky magic stuff if you guys want. Now, I've already apologised for being away for a while and failing to meet the deadlines I set. But, I want to make sure you guys are fully convinced that I intend to finish this story. So, (if I don't massively mess up timings) there should be an extra little treat for you guys. Enjoy! The next proper chapter is a fun one. I know I kind of wrote of the Quidditch Trials (which I might do in Year 5?) and had the Twins mysteriously disappear. Hmm… I wonder what happened to them. Who has a vendetta against them and is willing to put them into incredibly perverse and kinky situations for their own sexual pleasure? Till next time!
Author's Note: I'm terrible at all this. I know I said I was back, but then took several weeks to upload. Things happened and what not. To put it simply, I just not had that much free time. My job requires a certain level of active forward thinking, so when something goes wrong, I end up devoting a lot of time to making it right, and I find it difficult to find time for smutty goodness. So, instead of me saying that I will be back to a regular schedule, I wish to remind people that I am still invested in this story. If I drop of the map for a few weeks, don't assume the story is over. If by some ludicrous set of circumstances, I decide to stop writing this story, I will let you know. So, unless I say otherwise, this story will be getting updated. As someone who has been reading smutty fanfiction for a fair while, I know the pain of unfinished stories. The fact that there are so few longform smut stories is tragic. And the ones that there are, are… less than stellar. So, trust in the fact that this will soon be finished. I have like ten-twelve chapters left, so should be fun. I also want to mention that I will be getting a little experimental with some upcoming chapters. I don't want to have the final stretch be laborious repeats of what has already been written. So, there will be some unique pairings, situations, character interactions, and fun sex stuff. Whilst I have always welcomed critical feedback, the next couple chapters are where I would really appreciate some opinionated reviews. Also, thanks to everyone who has been supportive over the past few weeks. It can be incredibly difficult to muster the strength to write, and constant reviews and stuff is always welcome. Love ya guys! Without further ado, here is some smutty goodness! Chapter 38: A Harlot's Revenge George slowly came around from his slumber, his head a little woozy and his vision very blurry. Blinking repeatedly, he found himself unable to clear the milky haze from his eyes, his sight remaining skewed and massively warped. Glancing around at the uncertain shapes, he felt the cool breeze against his body, his clothes having been stripped from his body. He was hanging by his hands, with his wrists bound and hoisted up above him. He managed to stagger around for a moment, finding that he had just enough space to stand on tip-toes whilst his arms were locked above him. The room he was in was rather light, with candles and what appeared to be beds, although he couldn't quite make them out. He had been rushing off with his brother to secure their extensively well planned Quidditch Trials for Harry's tentative initiation, but they had felt themselves overcome and quickly passed out. "Don't worry… The potion wears off after a while. Just keep blinking and your vision will come back," a voice muttered as a shape began to move across the room. His vision slowly began to piece itself together as he followed the voice around the room, the woman easing herself down onto one of the misshapen beds. Glancing to his right, George recognised the identical form of his twin, hanging in a similar fashion and clumsily looking around, "But if felt the I ought to have a little chat with you two about your more… illicit practices…" "Who are you? I recognise your voice… its just that… well, the whole being drugged by someone kind of messes with your head," George grumbled, bouncing back and forth on his feet and trying to get comfortable in the inherently uncomfortable position. His cock was soft against his thigh, but the simple fact that a girl was looking as his cock made it twitch softly. "Yeah… It's not exactly conducive to a serious conversation. Which, judging by these whole medieval restraints get up you've got going on, is what you intended," Fred added, George nodding in his general direction as a sign of agreement, though it was reduced to a clumsy head-jerk at best. "Will you two be quiet? I have a bone to pick with you," the girl snapped annoyedly, causing the two twins to stifle a giggle. Their eyes were cleared just enough to recognise the Ravenclaw raiment's on the walls and the distinct bookshelves of the Ravenclaw dormitories. "A bone? Sounds kinky…" George sniggered, Fred joining in. Suddenly, he felt a hand slap him across his face, his cheek burning as his senses were given a kick-start. His vision unclouded itself and he could see just who it was that had them strung up and where they were. They were in the Ravenclaw dormitory, hung in-between the beds. He recognised it from his and Fred's heist. And more importantly, he recognised the distinct Asian beauty that was leering at him, her hand raised for another slap, "What was that for? What is this for, actually?" "This? This? You want to know what this is about? You bastards tricked me into getting fucked by your Quidditch chasers. It was fucking humiliating. And I couldn't say no! Did you possibly think about what someone else would do when presented with someone entirely at their beck and whim sexually?" Cho snapped, a little flustered beneath her rosy cheeks as she fumed at the two of them. "Well… I did spare it a thought. Though, I have a feeling it wasn't in the way you would have wanted," George said, receiving another slap as Cho stormed back over to her bed, retrieving her wand and pointing it at the two of them, "Hey, hey, hey… The potion is inherently designed to not allow people to take advantage. It simply makes people more open to doing what they already want to do. If you think about it, it's really not that…" His voice slowly trailed off, though not because of her looming wand, but because he noticed something that he was incredibly surprised to have not noticed before. She was naked. Completely naked. Walking around with her breasts, ass and cock all proudly on display. Her cock was hard and rigid, bouncing between her thighs with its weighty meatiness. Her balls, heavy and full, bounced in tandem with her shaft, pre-cum dribbling from her tip through sheer arousal. Her breasts were exposed, her nipples hardened in the cool air of the room. Both Fred and George's eyes were focused on her chest, watching her tits bounce with each of her movements. "I don't care if that's how it works. Because of course, anyone is going to want to have sex out of sheer curiosity. Hell, if you'd placed me with fucking Millicent Bulstrode, I'd probably have gone for it out of a perverse sense of wanting to know what was between her legs. But that's why we have our own senses to tell us not to stupid fucking things like that. So, now, I haven't been able to walk straight and sit down comfortably, because of your perverse sense of morality. And I've lost what kept Cedric with me. Now I have to bend over like some common fuck-slut just to keep his attention," Cho lamented, still not convinced that Cedric loved her for who she was. It was strange how she could look past his almost complete infatuation, however, her sense of self-esteem kept her at his beck and whim, "So, now you two are going to pay. You're going to answer to my every call. You are my bitches. I'm going to use you for whatever I want, for however long I want. If I want to share you with my friend, then I'd better not hear a single peep from eith… will you two stop looking at my fucking tits!" "Sorry… It's just they're… They're right there. It's hard not to look at them. They're very nice," Fred stammered, tugging his eyes away for a moment, following the curve of her hips to try and catch a glimpse at her ass, only to find himself absent-mindedly wandering back up to her chest. "Yeah, lovely. Very nice indeed. What were we talking about?" George breathed, glancing up at her stern face for a moment, only to be pulled back down as she cocked her hips, her breasts inadvertently jiggling in the smallest but sexiest way. Both the twin's cocks were hard, twitching and begging for some release. "You two realise what's going to happen? I'm going to bend you over and fuck you whenever I want? I want a blowjob, it's your throats that I'll be pounding till I'm satisfied? I'm going to humiliate you in every way I can? Is there something that you two don't understand?" Cho snapped, letting her hands fall to her side, tossing her wand back onto her bed and folding her arms across her breasts. "Sounds good! I mean, no… Urgh… that's horrible, uh… How do you sleep at night, you devilish trickster? How will I ever… survive… Are we starting now? I mean if you want to? Or, no… no… how can you? Back me up Fred," George grumbled trying to feign his distaste for the situation. It was an unexpected hiccup. Little did Cho know that the perverse and sex-crazed libidos of two teenage boys would hardly be averse to becoming sex slaves. In-fact, it would easily rank amongst the most popular of sexual fantasies. A little annoyed, Cho flopped down onto the bed, wincing as her ass landed at an awkward and painful angle. "Yeah… I mean… Of all the things you could do… Sounds inhuman. Inhuman is the word I'd use to describe it. Definitely unhuman. Or inhumane. Whichever… is worse… Because this is a terrible situation… truly… indubitably…" Fred added, his cock twitching at the prospect. He wasn't the most thrilled about being a submissive but being at the hands of a gorgeous Asian beauty and her friends was hardly a terrible sentence. "Fine… I'll just get a little…creative… I'm sure you two won't mind. Fucking perverts…" Cho grumbled, forcing herself back up onto her feet and over to the two boys. Their eyes followed her chest, the two of them unable to hide the grins on their faces. However, Cho quickly wiped the grins of herself, reaching her hands beneath each of their cocks and taking their balls in her hands. Before they could reason with her, she slowly began to apply some pressure, gently squeezing and given the sensitive organs a somewhat delicate massage before increasing the tightness of her nimble fingers. Gasping, one of the twins gritted his teeth as the pressure became a little uncomfortable, slowly growing sharper as they went along, "A little respect… Now, I've already talked with my friends and they are happy with you sharing our room. So, you'll do as they tell you as well. And if you're not good, then… well… I can do a lot more than just squeeze… This'll be fun!" Letting go of their balls, Cho playfully smacked each of their arses before pulling on a pair of robes and leaving the dorm room. As the door swung shut behind her, the two twins looked at one another, the pair of them grinning madly at the situation they were in before turning away, awkwardly avoiding looking at each other naked. A fair amount of time passed with several of the dorms occupants coming in and out, sparing them little more than a look. Some squeezed their arses playfully, smirking to themselves before leaving. The two simply hung there, swinging back and forth until finally Cho returned, slackening their ropes, but not untying them. Dropping her robes, she strode in front of them and drew up a chair. "On your knees boys. I'm craving a nice blowjob," Cho ordered, keeping her wand in her hand as the two boys slid down onto their knees dutifully and somewhat eagerly. Their ropes tightened as the slid downwards, with their hands getting pulled taut above them. Cho gently stroked her cock before roughly grabbing Fred's neck and jamming her cock into his mouth, sparing no time for ceremony and simply indulging in the boy's spasming and delicious little throat. Pushing his lips down her length, she finally groaned in satisfaction only when his throat was lodged full of her cock, pre-cum spilling down his gullet and forcibly swallowed. As his lips pressed themselves against the base of her cock, she reached around his neck and fastened a thin piece of fabric. Confused, George watched as Cho simply tapped the fabric with her wand. Fred found himself unable to control his mouth, his neck moving up and down at a slow and steady pace, constantly a rhythmically tugging his lips back and forth along her cock. He had no control of it, his throat being used as a delicious cock sleeve, unable to shift from her cock. Even when his throat tightened and spasmed uncontrollably, it would continue its movements, forcibly jamming her cock past his defenceless throat. Moaning softly to himself, Cho gestured to George to come and get his one, only to receive an uncomfortable stare. Lifting her wand, she politely encouraged him, with the second twin leaning forwards for her to fasten the necklace around his neck. "Right. My balls need tending to. Marietta… She's a gullible girl, but quite kinky. Ordered these from Which Witch and they arrived yesterday. And, much to my surprise, they work. Should keep you to on track with your daily… obligations," Cho moaned, spreading her legs a little wider to allow George access to her heavy, load filled balls. Gagging and spluttering around Cho's cock, Fred continued to have his lips dragged lazily back and forth, uncomfortably used like a sex toy. He saliva coated her cock to a lubed shimmer, the girl moaning as she playfully patted the boy on his head. A little perturbed, George didn't hesitate, leaning between her legs and flicking his tongue across her balls, playfully batting them back and forth, before suckling softly on the nearest one, rendering her balls as slick and saliva covered as the rest of them. Reclining on the chair, Cho began to tweak and play with her nipples, not once closing her eyes. She wanted to savour the two boys that were on their knees, guzzling at her cock. She had to go and retrieve the necklace bands from Marietta after she was less than pleased with the twins reactions to their imprisonment. Her goal was to reduce them to simple holes. They were lusting at the idea of being under the control of a gorgeous woman, but she was going to make sure that every moment wasn't nearly as pleasurable as they wanted. Watching Fred's lips tug back and forth across her cock, she smiled, watching their lips at work. Gently tapping Fred's necklace once more, she caused it to speed up, plunging his mouth back and forth with a slurping slap. His throat coughed and gagged, with saliva pouring down his chin. "Come on Cho… Do we really need to do this here? Some of us have to study?" a voice said from the door as it was pushed open. George glanced over for a moment, only to have his hair tugged painfully back into place by Cho. There were three people at the door, Cho's other roommates. One was Marietta, whose eyes were wide at the sight she was seeing. She and Cho had always been quite close and seeing her dominating two other men was quite thrilling. The other two women, Evie and Orla, were the other girls that shared their room and after walking in many times on Cho and Cedric pounding one another to oblivion, had grown a little tired of Cho's lewdness. Especially when she and Cedric practically revelled in having an audience, and Cho prohibited them from ever joining in. "We made rules Cho. If we're not going to get to join in, then you and your gentlemen friends can go find a closet or something. I hear Flitwick's one is quite spacious… er… you know. From hearsay…" Orla sighed, dumping her bag on her bed and flopping down, eyeing up the two boy's rear ends. They were perfectly displayed from the position they were in, with their tight and well-used assholes winking at her. Orla was a stunning blonde. Not on the level of Fleur, but certainly something. Her round face, and glowing blue eyes were decidedly cute. Evie, was a smaller girl, with rich black hair tied up in a bun, her face littered with freckles. "Unless I can't count, there are plenty empty holes. And you guys have never said no to an empty hole," Cho smirked, winking over at Marietta who instantly lunged at the opportunity. The girl stripped down, revealing her pale nude form to the two boys. Glancing up and down her, she was rather unremarkable. Her breasts were quite small, and her ass was on the flatter side. The thin and lithe frame made her cock lunge out at the two of them, her length quite sizable in comparison to her smaller body. It wasn't longer than Cho's but looked more immense on the curly-haired girl's body. Pulling a chair up beside Cho, the two girls kissed, their friendship having been full of benefits for at least two years now, with the two fucking and sucking at every given moment. "Right you are… Evie, Orla… Don't stick your noses up. You have literally spent the entire day talking about having a go. So… Have a go… Literally, just jam your cocks in there… You do it to each other often enough," Marietta smirked, lifting George's head away from Cho's balls and guiding his tender lips to her throbbing, pulsating tip. Easing his cock down her length, she marvelled at how easily his hole gave away, his slick throat being easy to puncture. Each inch slipped inside, massaged and tended to by inch after inch of silky slick flesh. Finally, with no problems, his lips wrapped themselves around her base and Marietta let out a hearty groan. Tapping her wand against his necklace, she set of the same enchantment that was guiding Fred up and down Cho's cock. Only, Marietta spared no time in tapping the necklace twice more, speeding George's lips along her length at a speed and pace that was quite unnatural, but immensely pleasurable. "We do not!" Evie retorted, striding over to her bed and flopping down onto it, picking up one of her text-books and casually thumbing through it, her eyes drifting towards the curves of Fred's rear end, his asshole ever so slightly agape. Try as she might, she could ignore the growing bulge between her legs, spurred onto by the suckling and wet slaps of the boys throats being helplessly dragged across the two girl's cocks, their lips battling one another's as the two boys gargled on their lengths, "Besides. I have homework…" "Homework? As if that has ever stopped you. I have walked in on you balancing one of your schools books on Orla's ass as you had your way," Cho smirked, ignoring the wide-eyed arousal coming from the twins. In their minds, the girls were one nude pillow fight away from fulfilling ever stereotypical girl dorm fantasy they had. The free way in which they seemed to speak about their previous encounters caused their cocks to twitch happily, with George silently hoping that one of the girls would claim his ass for their own. Orla seemed a little intrigued by the possibility. Even with the open invitation from Marietta and Cho, she was a little uncertain about claiming their arses for herself. "There is nothing wrong with multi-tasking," Marietta smirked, her wand sliding down to George's collar and gently tapping it, his deepthroat taking up a swift and unholy speed. His neck was jerked back and forth with ruthless passion. Unable to even attempt to swallow his saliva, George was instead forced to drool over her length, saliva pouring down her cock and along his chin as his sloppy throat became even slicker and more pleasurable, "But… If you are so concerned about your homework, try this out." Marietta fumbled through her bag and grabbed two more of the strange collars, only these ones were considerably larger. Tossing them to Orla, Marietta gestured for the blonde to fasten them around the boys waists. A little dubious, she did so, tightening one of them around George's hips, whilst passing the other one over to a disinterested Evie. Though he disinterest was heavily feigned. Drawing her wand, Orla tapped George's new belt and watched in awe as his pert little bum began to bounce up and down on the stop, riding an invisible cock whilst his throat feasted on the cock in his mouth. It was an incredibly perverse and intriguing sight, and it was the sheer erotic nature of his faux fucking that caused Orla to push any question of morality from her mind. Unclasping her robes, she quickly shirked her clothing, sliding her hips out of the tight Hogwarts uniform and shamelessly letting her nude flesh free. Only Cho watched her, with the Asian girl having a degree of infatuation with the blonde's supple body. It was partly born from Cho's lust for the French Triwizard Champion (or rather, everyone's lust for her), and Cho found a degree of satisfaction in their similar bodies. Of course, Fleur was in a league of her own, but Orla had a slim and sexual look to her that was plenty for Cho to fantasise about. Not that she had to fantasise. Whilst their fuck sessions had grown fewer, she remembered fondly their third year in which all four of them found comfort in one another, experimenting. What started as group masturbation sessions, swiftly became more intimate. However, over the years the split into twos, finding a single partner to be far easier to maintain. Not that that stopped the occasional group session. Their last one had been born of Evie's rather unsubtle voyeurism as she watched Cho and Cedric, all the while stroking herself off. As Cedric left, the four of them threw aside caution and went at it. Dropping her panties, Orla fished a rather thick length out of the tiny garment. It stood only at nine inches but had a surprisingly meaty girth about it. Her stockier cock favoured longer and deeper sessions, but with the many possibilities off Marietta's magical collars, she was looking for a rougher fuck tonight. Sliding down off the end of her bed, she sat on the floor, propped up against the foot of her bed. Stroking her length, she reached over into one of her bags and plucked a bottle of muggle lube, using it to ready her cock for impaling George. Glossy and shining, she wriggled herself into position, waiting for the belt to lift George's hips before sliding in and pressing the bulbous head of her cock against the boy's loose asshole. She didn't have to wait for long, as George's hips were quickly guided downwards, his ass forced to take every single inch of her thick cock inside him. Orla groaned happily, gently patting the boy's ass as he began to softly bounce up and down. "Georgie boy likes you, Orla… Mmm…" Marietta smirked, tapping George's collar once more, causing his throat to spasm into a swift, almost sickening pace, his head jerking back and forth along her cock, the moans of satisfying pleasure building from the thick length lodged inside his ass echoing along Marietta's length. He began to feel dizzy, the pre-cum pouring onto his tongue and streaking down his chin. She must be close to her end now. She must be. Every twitch and spasm that surged through her cock seemed like her orgasm, seemed like her end. But she kept her cock hard and rigid and forced in his throat. Gently tweaking her small, pert little nipples, she watched with hungry eyes as George's holes were reduced to toy status, each of his entrances being pounded for the sole pleasure of the two cocks that were inside him. Marietta wasn't normally a dominant type, but there was something about the slippery, sloppiness of his luxurious throat that turned her on immensely. So much so that she fought her orgasm, denying herself the pleasure of pumping his bitch throat full of her cum. Orla instinctively took a hold of George's hips, guiding him up and down as he softly bounced his rather nice-looking ass on her cock. However, her hands slid away as she reclined backwards, savouring the simplicity of the situation and her ability to simply recline and be serviced. Turning to one side, she plucked a book from her bag and slowly began to read, the constant building pleasure between her legs serving as a very welcome, but mild distraction. Reading, she paused only to tap George's belt, increasing the speed at which he impaled himself on her cock. Slowly, but surely, she found the pace that she enjoyed, the George pounding himself with her thick and turgid length, all the while she thumbed through her book, somewhat casually disinterested in his eager and powerful bounces. On her bed, Evie had put aside any hope of working on her homework and instead found herself watching Orla as she sat reading. Even though the room was filled with wet slaps and happy slurping sounds, Evie found the ambivalence with which Orla treated her little bitch boy's arse to be infinitely more arousing. Her hand slipped beneath her robes, gently tugging on her ample sized cock, a little shy about simply whipping it out in front of everyone. Despite their prevalence to group sessions, Evie still found the initial step of joining in a little disheartening, and kept her slow methodical jerking to herself, instead watching Orla as she barely broke a sweat. However, as her cock twitched and throbbed in her hand, she found herself unable to simply watch, and instead turned her gaze towards Fred's perfectly placed arse and felt a surge of dominant lust take over her. Despite her small and unsuspecting stature, Evie was the weird and kinky one. To the extent that even Cho blushed when watching her truly go about a long hard fuck session. And by all means, it seemed that Fred was her newest target. Sliding off of her bed, Evie undid her robes, practically ripping them away. Shredding through her simple cotton panties and bra, she let her cock bounce free, the tip pulsating and throbbing with pre-cum. Marietta and Cho shared a smirk as Evie slid down onto her knees, ignoring the belt Marietta offered and immediately going for Fred's rear. A simple dribble of spit and a rough spank later, and Evie slipped the tip of her shaft inside Fred's ass. With little thought, she grabbed his hips and hammered home, the audible whimper of pain seeping from Fred's mouth as Cho continued to savour her slow and steady blowjob. Hungry for pleasure, Evie slid her hands up to Fred's shoulders, preferring them as an anchor point, and without missing a beat began to thrust back and forth, humping roughly at the twin's ass, her balls smacking against his. Cho watched as Evie claimed the boy's hole, her rough and powerful thrusts being enough to knock Fred's enchanted collar off rhythm. Fred didn't mind being fucked in the ass, but Evie had such a peculiar way about it. She didn't have a rhythm, instead preferring to chase the pleasure that her cock wanted. If she wanted it fast and hard for a few seconds, she wouldn't spare another moment and would increase the intensity. If she wanted it nice and slow, she grind herself back and forward, spreading the boy's hole wider and wider with her powerful thrusts. Whilst her speed and tempo varied, Evie never missed a beat in making each thrust hard and powerful, with the smacking of her balls being the most audible sound in the entire room. Soon enough, the room was reduced to a mess of soft moans, hard slaps and wet slurps, with each of the twin's holes being used. Bent over and used. George was silently revelling in the domination but wouldn't speak a single word of it. Fred however, cursed the girls with each thrust they inflicted. Sure, the idea of being kept as sex slaves at the disposal off four gorgeous women sounded sublime, but in practice it was a little less so. The fact that they were reduced to simple fuck holes, with their needs not being recognised was a little humiliating. It was no longer sex, but use. And whilst that was hot and sexy for the girls, Fred distinctly hated the idea of being a simple fuck slut. Hell, if they gagged him, he'd be in misery. Despite his previously positive outlook on the situation. Marietta and Cho were getting rather close to their orgasms, their attentions once more turning to one another, with Cho's lips latching themselves around Marietta's tiny little nipples. Biting and nibbling at the adorable teats, she moaned, humming against the soft flesh. Her hand found Fred's hair and she groaned happily, her orgasm gently washing over her. It was less an explosion, but more of a melt, with the pleasure coursing through her body as several strands of cum dribbled into Fred's mouth, the boy a little uneagerly forced to swallow the droplets. Cho didn't stop the collar however, instead, allowing it to pass back and forth until her shaft lost all rigidity, and it popped out of Fred's mouth. Whilst the sight of Fred's mouth moving back and forth, deepthroating an imaginary cock, was funny to everyone in the room, Cho stopped the collar, allowing him a moment to crack his neck. "Is this really necessary?" Fred grunted as he found himself able to talk. Marietta and Cho both looked at him, annoyedly. Sharing a simple nod, the pair smirked, the boy a little concerned as Cho went over to her dresser. Bending over, she made sure that Fred got a good long look at her arse, allowing him a moment to savour her curves and delicious form before she stood up and turned around, gently waving Fred's new punishment. "If you speak out of turn again? I'll make sure that your arse is never the same again," Cho smiled, her words deceiving her chirpy demeanour. In her hand, she held a dildo. A rather large one. She had bought it a year ago. She and Marietta had met up in Diagon Alley and explored the more explicit streets. There were a number of shops that people could only find If they were actively looking for them, and it was in here that they each purchased their very first dildos. Of course, over time they learnt that the real thing was far superior, but that didn't change the fact that it was a rather delicious thing to own. And it came in handy when Marietta became perversely curious about the notion of double penetration. Leaning down, she used the suction base of the dildo to fix it to the bottom of her bed. Grabbing Fred's head, she pushed it towards the toy and forced his lips up against the plastic tip. As soon as the head was in his mouth, she tapped the collar once more, her throat being tugged forcefully down the plastic length, his neck tiring almost immediately as he was forced to attend to the fake appendage, "Now… For your indiscretion, you'll have to prove to me that your pathetic little throat is worthy of proper cock. Let's say… six hours of training? So… Do you want to laugh and giggle about looking at my tits again? No? I thought not. Get sucking bitch. Not like you have a choice, eh?" "Mmm… I've always wanted a properly little cock-slut. Fuck, this is the best idea you've had Cho," Marietta groaned, tapping George's collar and causing him to cease his movements. Before he could relax however, Marietta grasped his head in both her hands and began to pound away, grunting and groaning as she hammered relentlessly at his throat. Her balls crashed against his saliva-stricken chin, and it took only moments for her to cum, her seed spraying down his throat. Popping out of his mouth, Marietta sprayed a few strands across George's face, coating his cheeks in her cum, before tugging his head painfully backwards, "Do you have anything to say, bitch?" "No…" George stammered, his cock twitching as she leered over him. He felt Orla's wand tap the band around his waist, forcing his ass to bounce a little faster, the sudden change causing him to grunt softly. Gently slapping his cheeks with her cock, Marietta pulled some underwear on a disappeared from the room, leaving the three women to revel in the provided pleasures. Cho took on a degree of disinterest, sliding onto her bed and working on her essay, only casting brief looks towards the two other ladies as they fucked the twin's asses. Orla's breathing became a little laboured for all but a moment as she came deep into George's ass, only as she pumped in full of her seed, she made no effort to stop the belt from guiding George along her cock. All she did was slow the pace down, allowing her softening cock a moment to recuperate before she once again pierced the boy's ass and savoured yet another long and orgasmic fuck. George's cock twitch and spilled a few strands along the floor, but his orgasm wasn't recognised by the other girl's, his body firmly being used for their pleasure. The twin cast only a few looks over at his brother, watching as Evie became ravenous with her hunger for fucking him. She unhooked his hands from the chains that suspended them. Keeping them cuffed, she used them to pull him backwards onto her cock, happily and hungrily pounding into him. She fought of her orgasm as she spanked and slapped every inch of Fred's body. Her hands occasionally snaked up to his hair, tugging his head sharply and painfully backwards as she leant and bit hard upon his ear, mumbling incoherent sexual desires in his ear. Eventually, her own desire for perversion got the better of her, and she hooked two of her fingers into either side of Fred's mouth, tugging his lips apart as she fucked his ass, revelling in the sheer eroticism of having her own little butt-slut. Unluckily for Fred, Evie was a power top and an experienced one at that. The evening was far from over for him, as she slammed back and forth for several hours, their bodies becoming slick with sweat as she hammered his tight little arse, commandeering his rear entrance for her own sublime pleasure. Grunting and groaning, Fred gritted his teeth and succumbed to it, annoyed at the leisurely pace that his brother had been privy to. George didn't escape the long session either, with Orla savouring multiple orgasms, making the two girls perfect for one another. Cho and Marietta went to bed rather swiftly, ignoring the soft slaps and deep moans that were filling their room. If anything, it was a rather angelic chorus to send them to sleep. Orla was next, reclining on her bed, but not giving up the pleasure of George's ass. As she fell asleep, she kept her cock impaled in his ass, with Marietta's belt allowing her to drift of into sublime pleasure driven dreams, all the while her cock intensified her sleep. Eventually, Evie gave in, unloading deep into Fred's ass and letting the twin crumple to the ground, slumped against the bottom of Cho's bed. Breathlessly, Evie gave his red raw ass a soft pat before collapsing onto her own bed and falling immediately asleep. "George… George," Fred breathed, uncomfortable shifting himself across the floor, wincing as his ass ached. Balancing precariously so as to not inflict more discomfort, he crossed over to George who had his hands suspended above Orla's bed as he was forced to ride her during her slumber. Looking up, George groaned, absent-mindedly enjoying the rather gratuitous and endless shag, "This is fucked. We have to go…" "I don't know. It's kind of kinky," George responded, his head in a pleasure-ridden haze. He looked haphazardly down at Fred, moaning softly to himself as Orla's cock grinded against his prostate, milking him for all he was worth. Cum dribbled down his thigh, and he could feel both himself and the blonde's cocks on the verge of exploding once more. "You can't be serious. I was just fucked into the dirt by some animal. Fuck, I can't believe I always thought she was a bit cute. She's a fucking monster in the sack. Besides, we have to get out of here. And we have to go now," Fred stammered, easing himself up and onto his feet, wincing once more. His hands were still bound incredibly tight, but he was able to lift them enough to unfasten the chains that suspended George from the roof, "I know we joked around about it being fun and exciting to be at the mercy of a hot naked girl, but we didn't count on the fact that they were batshit crazy and that we would be sex slaves. It is nothing like the magazines say, and I want to go back to the common room asap." "Fine," George grunted as his hands were dropped from the chains. They were still bound in front of him, and with a little difficulty, he managed to roll off of Orla's thick veiny cock, his ass still moving up and down as a result of the belt fastened around his waist, "Fred. We have a problem… I… Well, more of an inconvenience." "We can sort out all the magical sex stuff when we get back to the common room. Now, shut up and let's go," Fred stammered, stifling a giggle as he watched George staggering around with his hips moving back and forth, constantly fucking and imaginary cock as he waddled helplessly across the floor. The two of them lunged for the door to the dormitory, pushing through and into one of the winding corridors. They made their way helplessly through the tower until they arrived at the Ravenclaw Common Room, their eyes ignited by the soft orange hue that illuminated the room. They had hoped to go unnoticed in their naked bondage but were not as lucky as they would have hoped. For sitting, aimlessly staring into the middle distance whilst completely and utterly naked, was a surprising face. None other than Luna Lovegood was relaxing in complete nudity as the two boys staggered into the room. "Wow… I didn't think walking the castle naked was as popular as this. Do you two do this often? Or is this your first time? It's quite exciting being naked in public, isn't it," Luna smiled haplessly, her cock twitching of its own volition at the two naked twins. However, her mind wasn't nearly as responsive as the innate natural longings of her erect cock. Instead, she was more humorously inspired by their nakedness, rather than overtly aroused. "What? No, we're… just… we're just," George stammered, helplessly hiding his privates from the young blonde, whilst inadvertently ogling her lithe and seductive form. Her soft and supple breast, pert and petite on her creamy white body were enough to elicit reactions from the sexually tired boys. To the extent that neither of them even questioned her nakedness, "Could you help us?" "It's Loony Lovegood. There is no reason to try and justify yourself," Fred breathed, trying his best to hide the growing bulge between his legs, doing his best to avoid staring directly at her seductive and sultry body. She smiled aimlessly, ignoring his cruel jab. "Shut up. Could you help us? We need your wand to undo all this," George asked, as Luna pushed up and onto her feet, bouncing chirpily over to them with a beaming smile. She unashamedly, glared at their bums and ducked to catch a glimpse of their cocks as they hid them behind their hands. "I don't have my wand. I figured it was best to leave it. I was going to wander the grounds you see. A friend suggested that I do It whilst naked. At least I think she's my friend. We have had sex on multiple different occasions, but I don't know if that qualifies friendship. I'll have to ask her next time I see her. Maybe I'll see her tonight. Hermione does enjoy walking around naked you see. I first met her whilst she was doing so. It was quite fun. We then had a threesome and it was all very fun. What did you two want again?" Luna smiled, clasping her hands behind her back, casually shaking her hips, the tip of her cock bouncing against Fred and George's hands. "Erm… Hermione? No, your wand? We need your wand to undo this stuff. Could you go get your wand?" George asked as Fred grumbled, silently exploding inside at the idea of Hermione Granger wandering around naked and indulging in threesomes. "It is in my dorm. But I'm not going back there. My roommates don't like it when I'm naked and get annoyed. So, I'll have to wait to go back. Besides, I've been working up the courage to go outside of the common room naked. Ah, we can go together. It'll be fun," Luna smiled, turning and bouncing away, her pert and delectable bum becoming the incentive for the boys to follow. "Wait! Luna!" George called after, following after her as best he could, his stride being inconvenienced by the constant magical humping that was enforced upon him. Following Luna, the two of them exited the common room and were led down the tower and into one of the many corridors of the school. Luna had an almost childlike unawareness of her surroundings, skipping along as the two twins hobbled after her. Finally, they came to a halt with Luna ducking into a small alcove forcing the twins to follow her as a prefect walked past. In the small little space, their bodies were pressed up against one another, their cocks grinding back and forth against the young girl's flesh, with Luna barely being aware of her own arousal. "George. We should just go back to the common room. We can find Angelina and get her to undo all this," Fred breathed as he forced himself to hobble after George as he followed Luna's pale little ass. Finally, the slowed to a walk, the three of them walking naked through the corridors of the school. "And have her find us like this? She'll string us up in her dormitory for a few nights. She's an absolute sweetheart, but she won't miss a chance to get us on our knees," George breathed, staggering up towards Luna and trying to bargain with her, "Luna. What if we did something for you? Would you help us out then?" "Like what? I don't want anything," Luna smiled, ignoring the obvious hints that George was dropping, the incredibly forwards leering he was making, trying to clue her into the suggestion. "Like we could… do something to make it worth your while? You must be able to come up with something? I don't know. We're naked… What could come from that?" George suggested, a part of him hoping that he'd be able to sway the blonde into a quick shag, regardless of their hopes to freedom. "What? Like you two letting me watch?" Luna suggested, grinding to a halt as Fred and George looked at her with a confused and frankly baffled stare. She met their stare with one of her own before finally clarifying, "You two seem very comfortable being naked with one another. You must have at least touched each other. Can I watch whilst you do it? I'll be ever so quiet. It'll be like I'm not there. You can jerk each other off, suck each other off and fuck one ano…" "No, that wasn't what I meant. We're not like that. No, perhaps if we were to do something for you… to you, rather? Maybe then, you'd be willing to help us out?" George suggested, Luna finally cluing in, but being nearly as excited about the prospect. It was clear she was off in her own little world, and after an extended period of silence, George finally snapped and laid it out perfectly clear, "What if we sucked you off?" "Oh… That would be nice. But… I only have one penis. And you have two mouths? That wouldn't really work, now would it?" Luna said dreamily as George rolled his eyes. Fred was even less interested in the idea of blowing the hapless young girl, but if it resulted in them being free, it would be worthwhile. "Well… that's… we'll figure it out…" George stammered, a little taken aback by Luna's rather interesting retort to the offer of a blowjob. Fred couldn't help but chuckle as he kept a look out, "Shall we go somewhere a little more private? You know?" "What's wrong with here?" Luna said, glancing up and down the corridor, ignoring the fact that Professor Flitwick's office was only a few metres away, and the library just down the end of the corridor, "It's spacious and I've been trying to get out of my comfort zone a little. Besides, I'm sure Professor Flitwick wouldn't mind. He certainly seems to enjoy watching me as I walk away…" "Erm… You know what… fine. Let's just, get this over with," George growled, sliding down to his knees, annoyed at how his ass was continuously bouncing up and down. Luna seemed entirely detached from the situation, smiling happily down at him in an almost unnerving fashion. The rather simplistic art of a blowjob seemed lost on her as she stared at him rather dumbfoundedly. There was no passion or lust, but simply interest. It was quite peculiar. Ignoring that, George leapt into it, swallowing half of Luna's length with ease, ignoring the disinterested grunt from his brother as he throated a considerable amount of her admittedly delicious cock. She had been leaking pre-cum for an hour, and having it eagerly attended to by George was surprisingly pleasurable. However, not enough for Luna to break into lustful and erotic alter ego. Instead, she stood there with her hands clasped behind her back, watching as George slid his lips up and down her cock. It was an incredibly awkward blowjob, for every impassioned thrust that George made, eagerly plunging his lips along her length, he was met with an almost theologically interested gasp. It was as if Luna was at an art-museum, casually appraising one of the pieces of work. She looked at him without a single thread of lust or passion, and it made George growl almost uncertainly. It didn't stop him from a dutiful deepthroat, his lips gliding lustfully along her cock, his tongue curving around, lavishing and massaging every inch of her glorious length. And her cock was glorious. In fact, was the situation a little more intense and intimate, George would have likely enjoyed gagging on such a length. However, it seemed as though he was the only one interested in suckling on her length, swallowing and moaning as each drop of sweet salty pre-cum hit his tongue. He wanted to use his hands, but her found his fingers unable to reach the proper angle, and instead put double effort into speeding his sweet soft lips along her cock, coating it in copious amounts of saliva. Briefly, he plucked his lips from her length, only to snap at Fred, "Fancy lending a hand?" "No… This is your car crash and your car crash alone," Fred smirked, revelling in the completely baffling demeanour that Luna was providing George. It was almost like she was a polite parent, revelling in a child's completely average crayon drawing, completely with the affirming smile. Grumbling to himself, George redoubled his efforts, plunging his lips up and down with increased gusto, hoping that he could entice her into a degree of motivation with a tightening of his throat. Clenching and loosening his throat, he massaged her length with a delightful barrage of sublime sensations, all of which seemed to only elicit a soft and rather unimpressed moan from her pert, pink lips. Grumbling around her cock, he conceded to simply wanting this over and one with, increasing the pace of his blowjob and hoping she would cum soon. Luckily for him, he was right, with Luna spilled a few mouthfuls of cum into his throat before smiling to herself. "That was nice. Shall we continue on?" Luna smiled as he pulled his lips away from her softening length, George gasping for a well-deserved breath. Before he could stammer anything, she had turned and begun skipping down the corridor, disappearing around the corner. "You realise that sucking her off doesn't suddenly mean she has her wand on her?" Fred smirked, offering his disappointed brother a hand. Hauling him onto his feet, the two of them staggered down the corridor after her, but not in an attempt to follow her. Both of them had decided silently that they were better off just going back to the common room, with George's misguided attempts at seduction being a mere hiccup on the road. "Who describes a blowjob as nice?" George grumbled beneath his breath as the two of them ducked into the back corridors and made their way back up to the common room, both of them completely fine with the fact that they were most likely going to have to use similar persuasion tactics to convince Alicia and Angelina to help them. Then again, that was par for the course considering their relationship with the girls. Author's Note: I would like to say that pretty much the only reason I got this finished was the fact that I was struck ill and was unable to work. And whilst that is a godsend for this story, I do want to apologise if it seems a little all over the place. I am writing this while being of my head on pain medication, so it may read as more a self-indulgent fever dream than anything else. Still, it's a chapter! Please feel free to continue to send in your suggestions for a one-shot. I've heard a few saucy ideas that I'm tempted to indulge, but I don't want to close the book to early. Also, critical feedback is always helpful. If you have a problem with the story, tell me. Better to know than to power onwards and off a cliff. I also want to reiterate that this story is not dead and will not be dead unless I say otherwise. I appreciate your patience, and this is genuinely something that puts a smile on my face. So, expect more content at some point, and know that this story will be finished. I do wish to say it now and explicitly; the next chapter will be in two weeks or more. Now, that might sound like a bad thing, but hear me out. The next chapter involves a rather saucy situation and I want to make sure it is the best of the best. After all, when Harry and Hermione get invited to a special French party, you don't want to make the chapter terrible. Then again, with such a premise it would be hard to do so. Well, that chapter will be up in a few weeks, maybe three. Want it to be as good as possible, eh? But to be honest, you can't really get an orgy wrong, can you? Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! All going well, you'll be reading this pretty soon. I write these little parts before I start writing, so chances are, I'm chatting out of my arse yet again. But isn't that what makes this great? No? Well… Let's get onto some smutty stuff. Just as Ginny and Harry were invited for a salacious evening of sexual deviancy with our favourite French sisters, Harry and Hermione are also invited for an evening of their own. Only now… There are more than two of them. And let's just say, the sexual proclivity of the family had to come from somewhere. I really enjoyed writing Apolline, so it is safe to say that this chapter is one that I am really excited about. Not to mention, I'll be setting up some delicious new chapters. Critical feedback is really appreciated right now. Believe it or not, I'm planning a sequel to this story, and your feedback, and opinions are what is going to shape that. It might seem like distant thinking, but I'm approaching the next one with a fresh set of eyes, so I really do want to know what you like about this story and what you don't. I know this is just smut, but I'll be damned if I'm not going to try and be the best smut writer around. The very best, like no one ever was. So, if you have the time and want to reflect on the story as a whole, I would very much appreciate it. Now, without further ado, I present to you what is undoubtedly going to end up being an exercise in smutty excess and sheer sexual deviancy. I hope you enjoy! Chapter 39: A French Extravagance "So… let me get this straight? You want me, your brother, to help untie you from magical ropes that Cho Chang enforced on you?" Ron smiled, making sure to enunciate every single word that came from his lips, revelling in the nervous twinges of embarrassment that came from Fred and George as they urged him to keep quiet, all under the watchful smirk of Harry, who was pretending to read his assignment for Charms but was more acutely interested in the pathetic way that the twins had pulled clothing and cloaks over their bodies, trying to hide the shameful bonds that they remained stuck in, "For free?" "Will you be quiet? But yes… Five galleons? Hmm? And we'll do your chores for mum for a couple weeks when we go home?" Fred breathed, ignoring the audible snigger from Harry as he looked on with an amused smirk and a small shred of sympathy for the brothers. Not enough to actually do anything, but enough to make him smile. "Twenty galleons, and all my chores for the entire summer holiday?" Ron suggest, punching above the mark and hoping her could ensnare his two siblings into cutting such a deal. After all, this wasn't a simple question of a favour. This was revoking what would be days, if not weeks of embarrassment on the twin's parts." "Listen here you little git. Either you do this, or we'll have you strung up in the Great Hall for everyone to have a go. I swear! I have been tied up for the past two days now, and I am getting sick of it. So, either you help us or I will make your bloody life, the most miserable fucking thing imagin… ah!" Fred began, suddenly stopping as the portrait to the common room swung open as his little sister strolled in. Folding back onto the sofa, he tugged his cloak around his body, trying to hide the bonds that held him in place as Ginny strolled up, "Hey Gin… Erm… yeah…" "Okay… Harry," Ginny said, looking at the two twins as the grinned at her, tightening their grip on their clothing. She noticed immediately what was happening, and having spoken with Luna only moments before, was acutely aware of what they were hiding. In the end, she thought it was cute that they went to Ron and not her for help. Their loss. Turning to Harry, she leaned down and kissed him, sliding onto the arm of the chair, "Hermione wants to talk with you. She says she has something important. Wants to meet you in the corridor." "Any particular corridor?" Harry said dumbly, looking back at the book he was reading, as Ginny smiled widely. Looking over at her brothers and back at Harry, she coughed, trying to catch his attention to save him the embarrassment. However, he was a little oblivious. "Erm, well the one where I first fu…" Ginny managed to say, before Harry's ears perked up and he snapped the book shut, rising to his feet. Giggling Ginny flopped into the seat behind him, toying with the idea off finishing said sentence. She also revelled in the discomfort that shook across her brother's faces, as all of them bowed their heads, their cheeks flushing red. "Got it. She wants to see me now? Thank you. No need to say, literally anything else," Harry stammered, brushing his hair backwards before looking down at the young girl's salacious grin. Smirking to himself, he wormed out of their small alcove and disappeared towards the portrait, leaving the awkward conversation to continue between the family of redheads. Making his ways through the castle to the corridor, Harry kept his head bowed, a little to aware of the gossip that was shooting around the school. Gone were the days where his surprise participation in the Triwizard Tournament was the hot-take. He was quite glad to be out of the spotlight, but the spotlight began to shine on seedier things. Talk of Pansy Parkinson and her crawling through the school took centre-stage, alongside rumours of Krum's long showers with 'fans' became all the rage. Though Harry never got the impression that Hogwarts was changing, but rather his perception of it had. It wasn't that sex had consumed Hogwarts, rather that the door had been opened for him to see this sexual perverse world that had always been there. After all, that was the nature of the Wizarding World. Entering the corridor, he found Hermione propped up against the wall reading through a small notebook. Thumbing through the pages, she glanced up when she saw Harry, a smirk coming to her face. Tucking the book in her back pocket, she folded her arms and smirked. Confused, Harry spoke, "What? Don't tell me you've grown tired of Ron and have me as a backup?" "What? No? It's… well… it's a little more interesting," Hermione smiled, grabbing his arm and tugging him towards the first room on the left. Expecting to be thrown backwards onto the bed, he was surprised when he was met with a rather peculiar sight. Well, peculiar was a bold word for something that was becoming more and more normal for the boy. There was a naked girl on the bed, a very familiar one. It was a surprising and rather telling fact that he recognised the young French girl from her rear end alone, but he couldn't dwell for too long on that as his cock twitched inside his trousers. Gabrielle's pale and creamy bum was presented proudly towards the two of them, with a big bouncy blue bow tied around her hips. And balanced in the small of her back was a letter, neatly written with swirling blue writing and a unique French flair. "What's this about? I would have thought you'd be able to make use of this without me?" Harry smirked, taking the moment in his stride and hearing a childish giggle from Gabrielle's lips. Hermione chuckled as she walked into the room and plucked the letter from Gabrielle's back. "Believe, I've wanted to. Even Gabrielle was growing tired of waiting…" Hermione smirked, holding the letter in her finger tips as she strode back over to Harry, the boy's eyes lingering on Gabrielle's tight little bum, her winking asshole slightly agape. Fleur had already entertained herself that morning. "And I still am," Gabrielle piped up, wiggling her bum as she did so, toying with the idea of easing a few fingers inside herself. However, her orders were succinct and very clear, with the young girl not daring to indulge when she had an important message to deliver. "Indeed… But, it's addressed to you," Hermione smirked, handing Harry the letter before folding her arms and turning her gaze to Gabrielle's wiggling bum, desperately wanting to walk over and sink her twitching cock inside the girl's rear end, satisfying the pair of them. Turning the letter over in his hands, Hermione was proven right. It was addressed to him and him alone. Confused, he tore open the top, breaking the Delacour family seal, and plucking a delicately perfumed letter from the envelope. Dear Monsieur Harry Potter, I am writing to invite you to an extravagance I am hosting tonight, that, should my daughter do as she is told and delivers this letter to you in the unique manner I described, will be of a rather acute nature. No doubt casting a glimpse at Gabrielle will reveal the intentions of such an evening. I have heard much about you Monsieur Potter, with my daughter's regaling me of tales of heroism and… virility alike. I am very much intrigued to make your acquaintance and hope sincerely that you do not disappoint your reputation. The event is tonight as I previously mentioned, starting at nine o'clock. I suggest making an impression with your attire, though nothing too sentimental. I once lost a pearl necklace a rather… forceful evening of this like. My daughters will be in attendance and will most likely keep you company, though should you wish, I extend this invitation to someone of your close acquaintance. Though, I advise inviting someone worth this invitation. These events are rather prestigious, I should very much like to meet someone… interesting. You are free to indulge my dear Gabrielle at the moment, should she wish to entertain, though I would recommend not doing so. Though tales of your virility are far and wide, I would caution over-exerting oneself before this evening. Besides, try as she might, my dear Gabrielle needs to exercise a moniker of chastity. I look forward to getting to know you better Monsieur Potter. To an almost intimate degree, no doubt… Sincerely, Madame Apolline Delacour "The French do have an interesting way of doing things," Hermione mused, sliding down onto the side of the bed, and receiving a disapproving look from Gabrielle, one of mock, feigned annoyance for the stereotype, one which she made no efforts to undo, instead pushing with a lustful and eager passion. "And ze English do not? Very well. Ze next time we 'ave an invitation to send we shall do so with an owl…" Gabrielle huffed, throwing her hair back with a little forwards flair, "Care to indulge the French way Madame Granger? After all, ze last time we met like zis, you ran away, afraid of a little… perversion… Ze fact that you aren't screaming your head off at the sight of me like zis is word enough to how you 'ave changed." "You seem to think you know an awful lot about me? Especially for someone who has only spoken with me a couple of times," Hermione smirked as Gabrielle slid down from all fours. Laying on her side, her fingers gently tapped on Hermione's leg. "Haha… actions speak louder than words mon ami. And you 'ave done plenty action. Plenty 'ard, forceful action… And… well… you 'ave not stopped staring at my chest since you walked in 'ere," Gabrielle smirked, her fingers trailing further along Hermione's trousers, curving along her thigh and rubbing dangerously close to her cock, the bushy-haired girl's shaft twitching in response, "Besides… I am ever so jealous of Fleur. It is 'ard to believe zat the last time you and 'er met was at ze first task. She 'as not stopped talking about ze passion. Ze lust. Perhaps… perhaps you'd be able to enlighten moi as to ze sensations my dear sister 'as not stopped talking about." "You are playing a very dangerous game, Gabrielle," Hermione blushed, her cheeks running a rosy red. Whilst her face wouldn't admit it, she was silently chuffed at those words. The fact that she, a rather simple girl (in her mind), had courted the active attentions of a bombshell like Fleur was quite prideful, "Does she really talk about it?" "Ah, mon ami… You haven't changed as much as she 'as she led me on to believe… But perhaps just enough to… to be interesting," Gabrielle smirked, pushing herself up onto her elbows and sneaking a quick, but fleeting kiss from Hermione before pulling back. "Are you two done flirting? Gabrielle, you can let your mother know that…" Harry began, a little unable to bring himself to stop the two girls from engaging. However, whilst Harry would have proudly relished a chance to watch Gabrielle and Hermione go at it, he was banking on a far better combination if he played his cards right. "Zat you will be in attendance this evening? Zere is no question. Ze real question is whom you intend to invite?" Gabrielle smirked, flopping onto her back and giving Harry and Hermione a good look at her hardened shaft. Harry couldn't be entirely certain, but it looked a little bigger than the last time he had seen it. Not much, but perhaps an inch or so of added creamy length. Turning to look at Hermione, Gabrielle smirked, "I can think of one person…" "Do you fancy coming with me tonight?" Harry asked, as Hermione glanced back and forth between the two of them, a little confused, and quite disappointed that she had her interaction with Gabrielle cut short. Seeing, Hermione's confusion, Gabrielle leant in and stole a kiss. "I will be zere… Surely zat is enough to sway you?" Gabrielle winked, rolling of the side of the bed and wrapping herself in a loose robe. Teasing both Harry and Hermione as she left, the young girl was reminded that she would savour pleasures that she had not savoured before if she was a little more reserved about bending over. Even as much as she lusted for a good threesome, she forbid herself, before strolling out of the corridor, leaving Harry and Hermione with subtle smirks and hardened cocks. "What are the ground-rules for tonight?" Hermione asked as the two of them descended the grounds, growing nearer and nearer to the luxurious and expansive French carriage that sat further down the winding hill. Darkness had begun to cling to the grounds, and out of sheer precaution, they had cloaked themselves beneath the invisibility cloak. "Ground rules? Why would we need ground rules?" Harry replied, staggering over himself as they fumbled down the grassy hill. Even though they were out of sight from most of the castle, they neglected to pull off the clothing, a wry smirk on his face at the clumsiness of how they moved. "Like… Do we each have… one of, you know. Like you and Fleur? Or me and Fleur? Or is it a free-for-all? Do you want me to stay away from you? Or what? I just… shouldn't we have… you know? Guidelines?" Hermione stammered nervously, once again displaying her acute inability to control her anxiety. She was perfectly fine whenever she mid-way through fucking someone, she was open and ready to things with confidence. However, in the moments leading up to it, she was an awkward and hapless idiot. "Hermione? We've spent two evenings in a gloryhole together and… yeah, we've had sex? Do we really need to worry about the intimate boundaries another one of those encounters?" Harry asked as they arrived at the door to the carriage, discarding the cloak and walking up to the entrance, "Come on Hermione. Relax and just… Go with the flow. Wing it. We'll see what happens. And if we end up in a strange position, we'll deal with it as it comes." Knocking on the door, the two of them waited for a moment before finally being greeted by two figures. The door swung open, and the precedent of the evening was set. Just like Harry's last evening with the Delacours Harry was greeted with two naked figures, both of them salacious and bountiful in their sexual appearance. Only, it wasn't Fleur and Gabrielle this time, and they were instead a couple of Beauxbaton's students that up until this point had remained prim and proper representations of chastity, aside from the innate sexual beauty. One was a redhead, with long and immaculate shimmering hair, braided into an ornate and perfect knot. The other had rich black hair laying loose down her creamy back. As the two girls stood in the doorway, they glanced down with beaming and suggestive smiles, a far cry from the rather disdainful looks those girls had given both Harry and Ron only weeks prior as they went in search of a date for the Yule Ball. "Ah! Monsieur Potter! Et… Madame Granger? C'est très bien! Alyse et moi, shall be… your attendants for ze evening. Madame Apolline is very particular in 'er tastes and asks zat you will indulge her in a few moments of preparation. A little relaxation and… feminine attention?" the black-haired girl smiled, offering her hand to Harry and helping him up and into the carriage. Her hands grasped his shoulders and gently began to guide him through the carriage. Hermione was next, her hand taken by Alyse and led into the carriage. Only, Alyse was less restrained and had her hands all over Hermione from the moment she was in range. Slowly, they were led through the carriage, the pair of them only sneaking a small glimpse into the main halls in which Apolline's self-described 'extravagance' was being hosted. A brief flash of exposed flesh, alongside giggles and laughs mired amongst a few soft and barely audible moans. The doors were quickly shut and Hermione and Harry were ushered into the next room, a steamy haze of bath soaps and oils. A large and ornate marble bathtub akin in size to jacuzzi was sat in the middle with elegantly carved steps leading up and into it. There were several tubs of hot coals in the corners of the room allowing for the steamy surroundings. Along the walls, giant containers of oils and different soaps and bath accompaniments were sat, stacked higher and higher. "A little bath… Madame Apolline's rules. Worry not, ze French know how to make baths a little more entertaining," the black-haired girl smiled, immediately beginning to undress Harry, Alyse was quick to join in, eagerly and hungrily tearing away Hermione's clothing. The redhead cared very little for the brunette's clothing, actively ripping into to it to expose Hermione's creamy, bountiful flesh. A little taken aback by it all, Hermione was calmed by a smirk from Harry. As they had their underwear dropped simultaneously, both Harry and Hermione groaned softly, their French counterparts both wrapping their hands around their cocks, "My, my… Fleur didn't lie at all. She was a little conservative in her meaty estimate…" "And ze new arrival. Mon ami, c'est bon…" Alyse commented, tugging heartily on Hermione's cock whilst pressing her out bountiful chest up against the girl. The two girls' crooned almost comically over the two cocks in their hands, their fascination with the heartiness of their lengths making their own cocks twitch between their legs. Pulling on their cocks, the two French girls guided the pair of them over to the water, encouraging them to submerge themselves beneath the water as the soaps and bubbles began to froth and swirl across their bodies. Both Alyse and the black-haired girl slipped in beside them, sitting on their outside and letting Harry and Hermione sit next to each other, their slick bodies pressed together, each under the lavish fondling on the two Beauxbaton's students. Not speaking, both Hermione and Harry simply allowed the girls to succumb to their childish giggling as they ran their hands up and down the two of their bodies, grinding and massaging as they went. Their legs hooked inside Harry and Hermione's, the two French girls using their bodies as utensils for pleasure, rubbing themselves back and forth as they reached behind themselves and grabbed a small container of soap each. Popping the tops of them off, the rich aroma of lilac swirled with undertones of orange lifted into the air, pungent as ever. Reclining, both Harry and Hermione expected the soap to be poured on them but were not incredibly surprised as the two gorgeous girls drizzled themselves with the substance, the soap falling in ribbons akin to strands of sticky honey. Coating themselves liberally in the substance, they let their hands roam across their breasts, smearing the soap across themselves and starting it frothing, all framed through excessive, but sultry moans. And soon enough, they each discarded their bottles, leaning forwards and using their bodies to lather their respective guests, using their breasts and soft pillowy sponges in order to coat them in the same soap. The simplest of touches earnt deep and lusty groans from each of the girls, either their heightened senses or a perverse degree of theatricality driving their horny sex drives. Harry could feel the black-haired girl's hands beneath the water, working steadily along his shaft as she hugged her body close to his, lingering by his ear with nibbling lips, her hot breath sending shivers down his spine. Hermione needed a little more coaxing into the situation, but quick melted into it as Alyse's hand gripped her balls, tenderly touching and massaging the handsome globes, a lustful grin appearing on her face as she and the redhead shared a fleeting kiss. Kissing had begun to hold a degree of sentimentality for him and following the night he spent with Luna at Christmas (since when, he had limited his time with her considerably out of a perverse degree of shame. Not for Ginny, but for Luna, as his feeling for the blonde was as infinitely complex as her thinking process was). Truth be told that moment had lingered long on his mind, and briefly arose just then as the black-haired girl toyed with claiming his lips. But then, all thoughts of romantic intimacy were shattered as the French girls, satisfied with their soapy handwork, reach to their sides and plucked elegant French made wands of wound wood. With a quick wordless cast, they swayed the wands across their heads and enveloped their mouths with the bubblehead charm. Completely in sync, the slipped backwards and ducked beneath the waters. The bath wasn't deep enough for them to swim, but their bodies were entirely submerged as the gently pried both Harry and Hermione's legs apart, their lips inching closer and closer to their stiff, throbbing cocks. Harry waited a moment, before feeling the familiar sensation of his throbbing tip piercing the bubblehead charm, the folds of magical aura sliding along his length like an extra pair of lips. Groaning loudly, he sank deeper into the bath, relaxing. "How can you relax like this?" Hermione asked as she waited for the similar treatment. Gasping, she felt the same sensation as Harry, moaning softly as Alyse captured her cock with her mouth, sliding her lips all the way down to the base of her cock. The bubblehead charm expanded and swallowed Hermione's balls, the sensation being akin to having two mouths simultaneously working both her balls and cock. Smirking softly, she sank a little lower as well, savouring the sensation of the bizarre and new blowjob. She'd had to try being the other end sometime. Turning back to Harry, she playfully slapped his hand to get his attention, "The Third Task is in two weeks and let's face it, even with me helping you, you aren't nearly as prepared as you ought to be. Fleur, Krum and Cedric have years of training on you, and you're fighting an uphill battle." "If you are trying to make me anxious, don't bother. I'm already terrified. And frankly, I'm getting a little relaxed right now," Harry grinned, as the black-haired girl let her lips glide up and down his length, her throat slowly and casually lavishing him with attention, the girl possessing an acute ability to contract her throat massaging his cock as it plunged into her slick mouth. The bubble-head charm added to the pleasure. Whilst she didn't have much experience in deepthroating, the additional extension of the charm gave Harry the sensation of being deeper inside her than he was, with two different pairs of lips applying different and sublime levels of suction, "Besides? What can I do? It's as you said, even with you I'm at a disadvantage…" "Yeah… It's just? You know? Harry, come on? Do you ever actually think or is it just empty space up there? I admit, asking you to think with your cock jammed down a French girl's throat is a little much, but at least put some effort in," Hermione berated, her point undercut by the constant sharp, meek moans that escaped her lips. The water between her legs was sloshing back and forth as Alyse impaled herself firmly on the young brunette's cock, slurping and hungrily deepthroating her entire length with skilled and incredibly refined ease. Seeing the baffled look on Harry's face, Hermione sighed and begrudgingly clarified, "I'm just saying that tonight might be the night to get on Fleur's good side? You know, a little friendly reconnaissance, perhaps?" "What? You know that is a bad idea. Beyond the fact that well… I'm not exactly… This is much more geared towards your skills, right?" Harry stammered, a little thrown off by the fact that she was suggested some subterfuge. And beyond the fact that he and Fleur had become acquaintances (the term friend being a little strong), he was a little off about using her to his advantage. Not that he was certain he even could. "Me? Bookworm, bushy-haired me? What in the world makes you think that I'd be able to seduce and interrogate Fleur Delacour?" Hermione scoffed, the idea being preposterous in her mind, yet completely and utterly realistic in practice. Not that she was the one who was doing the seducing, mind you. "Come on. As soon as you're in the mood, you are like a lion. That stuff with Rita was scary. I'm not saying you go full… dominatrix, on Fleur, but you're better than me. I'm just… well, you saw what I was like trying to outplay Rita. I had to stun her in the end," Harry argued, his breathe hollowing as the black-haired girl's fingers slipped to his balls, gently tickling them and squeezing them with delicate and delicious fingers. It was quite a sublime thing, the unique combination of pleasures. "Well… not exactly. Me and Ron got preoccupied. We didn't pay attention to anything that happened with you and Rita," Hermione confessed blushing. Of-course Harry had walked in on them, but he was under the impression that their decent into shagging wasn't as instantaneous as that, "What? It was a tight corridor and you seemed to have things in hand." "I got fisted!" Harry snapped, still at beleaguered by the whole event. Wincing in pain ever so slightly, he glanced over his shoulder instinctively before lowering his voice. Luckily for him, the two French girl's between their legs remained almost entirely oblivious to their frantic conversation. Hermione blushed slightly, trying to ignore the urge to snigger at the fact. Lowering his voice, he leant over, "I got fisted by some bat-shit crazy girl, all because you couldn't keep it in your pants for ten minutes…" "I'm sorry. Perhaps tonight, we play it by ear. Try and figure out what we can, and well… see what happens? But we agree, we don't just waste our opportunity tonight. We use this… thing to get you in shape for the Third Task. I don't… well… I don't want you dying," Hermione pleaded rather sincerely, squinted slightly as she neared her orgasm, the frantic redhead's lips plunging back and forth with eager ease. She finally unloaded into Alyse's mouth, the young French girl swallowing in an instant without even missing a beat, quickly followed by her black-haired counterpart, who drank down Harry's cum with incredible ease. Once again, completely synchronised, the two girls arose from the water, throwing their hair back and taking their hands in their hands. Guiding Harry and Hermione out of the bath, they used a quick spell to dry them off, even going so far as to tie Hermione's hair back. A little confused, they stood their waiting, until Alyse brought over a silver platter, atop which sat four shot glasses, filled to the brim with rich green Virility potion. Harry instinctively took one, with Hermione being a little more dubious. The black-haired girl explained, "Madame Apolline was kind enough to bring plenty Virility potion with 'er when she came. You'll soon learn love her. She is an absolute divine hostess, and she 'as a 'eart of gold. She's almost like a teacher, the amount of time she spends with the Academy. Of course, her speciality is less in the traditional means of magic. Fleur and Gabrielle are lucky to 'ave such a mozer. Drink… Let it rejuvenate you." "Go on Hermione. It does its job," Harry smiled before drinking back his one and setting it back on the platter. The black-haired girl was soon to follow, and in turn Hermione reluctantly did so, although her uncertainty was quickly laid to rest as between her legs she began to harden, her body reinvigorated with passionate lust. Alyse did the same before they left the bathroom, gliding towards the great doors leading into the hall. Bracing themselves, Harry and Hermione shared an uncertain giggle before pushing through and into the Beauxbaton's hall. They were instantly bombarded with a new and elegant sight. The room had been done up for the occasion, with the silvers polished and elegant silk banners draped across the room, creating small separate areas for people to retreat into. Of course, the silk was practically see through, so it was more of a triviality than anything. Not that anyone craved privacy. The room was gigantic and at the centre were a cavalcade of pillows and blankets, laid across the floor and covered with naked women. The Beauxbaton's students. Everyone of them, naked and reclining, gorging of cheeses and fruits as they touched and explored on another shamelessly. It was quite the sight. A rack of gleaming sex toys was held in the back, each of them ornate and carved with unbelievable precision. Their two attendants left them, joining the crowd of gorgeous French girls and writhing against whomever they desired. "Ah, 'arry and 'ermione! Tis good to see you. We were worried that the evening would be dreadfully dull," Fleur chirped walking over to the two of them and greeting them with kisses on either cheek. She was in turn completely naked, a sight that was surprisingly less astounding. Her body was gorgeous, but the shock of having it so readily displayed was gone. "This is dreadfully dull?" Harry asked, looking at the French girls as they played with each other. It was carnal and primal, yet with a distinct elegance. Their lips found a cock that was nearby and the lavished it with their tongues, tenderly attending to the rigid cock, the girls giggling playfully. It was a far-cry from their demeanour in public, and in Fleur's experience, these events were the only real place in which they let go of their upper lips. Not that they didn't do stuff in the meantime, but Apolline's events were where sexual depravity roamed like a fearsome lustful beast, and all succumbed to it's turgid cock. "Tis in a way. Ma mere prefers to be impressed. And whilst zis is quite… well, I will not dance around my words. This is, as you would say, fucking hot. But ma mere is a little more concerned with the new and fascinating. Which is why she wants to meet you. Any of these girls would happily bend over for ma mere, but you two? You two are a new challenge," Fleur smiled, walking through the room, brushing aside the silks and making sure not to stand on the grinding orgy beneath the. "That's why we were invited? As a challenge?" Hermione interjected, causing Fleur to blush, worried that she had offended her. They were making their way towards the other end of the room and a small staircase that led up into the study, the area that Apolline had commandeered. "Yes… And, well. You two seem awfully nice and I wanted to… Speak with you again and such. I supposed in the simplest of terms, I missed you two. Not in zat way of course, but in a… friend, way?" Fleur stammered, blushing feeling almost immediately stupid for having brought it up, "Besides. Mozer is waiting. She cannot wait to meet you. Allow me to introduce you!" Fleur quickly strode across the orgy, flashing her plump arse to the two new arrivals and guiding them up the small set of stairs and into the next room. The room was slightly elevated and had a perfect view of the girls below whilst still being segregated in its own way. At the very back of the room, a large plush bed had been placed, big enough for several people to sleep in with plenty more space for the expected. But sat, looking over the orgy of flesh, was the posthumous Madame Apolline Delacour. Harry couldn't argue that she wasn't gorgeous. She was the perfect example of a mature French beauty with her body remaining pristine whilst still holding an air of experience and elegance about it. Not to mention she was incredibly well endowed both with a busty chest and the thick cock between her thighs, which was kept straight up by Gabrielle, who knelt beside her mother, lovingly and adoringly stroking her mother back and forth, her head resting on her lap. "Mozer… Zis is 'arry Potter. And zat is 'ermione Granger. A good friend of… ours," Fleur smiled as Apolline lifted a goblet of wine to her lips, drinking deeply. Handing it off to Gabrielle, who readily took the glass and held It, the older woman slid up and onto her feet, her cock flopping down against her thigh as she strode over to Harry and Hermione. Her eyes slid up and down both of them, admiring them and pondering over the evening and what pleasures lay in store. Her daughters certainly didn't exaggerate. "Welcome, mes amies… Shall we dispel with formality?" Apolline suggested. Harry looked confused until the older woman snaked her hand around the back of his neck and pulled him in for a deep and surprisingly intense kiss. Her tongue curled past his lips, exploring readily as she closed the gap in between them, their bodies pressing up against one another, the rigidity of each of the cocks being felt by the other, with every ridge and vein throbbing in response to the simple touch. Several seconds passed until she pulled delicately away, offering nothing but a soft smile of approval before moving onto Hermione. Claiming the young brunette's lips, Apolline was surprised as the touted bookish girl returned the favour, their tongues battling in a perverse display of dominance. Pulling away, Apolline grinned at the girl before gesturing for them to join her, "I would not rest if I did not assure myself my daughters had not been telling me tall tales of you. Not that I needed them to tell me ze tales at all. Even I 'ave 'eard of your exploits in ze tasks. Saving ma petite Gabrielle? Merci beaucoup. Though I 'ope you will not be too much of a challenge for ma Fleur dans la troisième tâche. She is still my daughter and trusting 'er abilities, she will prove formidable." "Mozer…" Fleur sighed as she drew up another velvet sofa for her, Harry and Hermione to sit down upon. It was a little squashed, but not in a bad way. Apolline took her glass of wine once more and Gabrielle lovingly continued her slow and methodical handjob. "So, tell me, why is ma petit Fleur so fond of you? You must be rather remarkable in ze bedroom," Apolline asked, revelling in the discomfort of the two young ones. Harry became strangely self-conscious of his erection, almost ashamed to be hard in such company. Though Apolline didn't seem to mind. "I don't really know. We kind of just… met," Hermione said confidently, taking to the situation with a degree of grace and relative comfort that wasn't apparent on the way in. Now that she was naked, and, in the groove, she felt like a new girl. Not to mention she was emboldened with a new angle of subterfuge and espionage, "And well… no doubt she has told you all about it." "She has dear. In intimate and delicate detail, Miss Granger. I must say, ze told me you were a bookish shy little girl. I am pleasantly surprised. Perhaps it is the atmosphere. Or maybe ze welcome. But you are far from shy," Apolline smiled happily, setting the wine down on a small stool. "I can feel a little freer whenever I'm naked. Not as reserved I suppose. With such beautiful women, I would be a fool to pretend I wasn't interested" Hermione said as she and Apolline locked eyes, their gaze barring off everyone else in the room. Biting her lip softly, Apolline couldn't help but silently revel in the young girl. "Indeed. One must not waste a chance when they are so readily presented with it. Nor, should they waste time when said opportunity is so blatantly in-front of them," Apolline suggested, her legs spreading a little wider, as if to indicate what she intended in a bold and purposeful manner. "I would say that in an opportunity such as this, it is the responsibility of both parties to not waste time," she boldly said, her heart pounding through her chest, hammering against her ribcage as she contended with the older woman. She had a presence that was undeniable, an allure that was unquestionable. The same Veela lure that the Delacour sisters had was far more potent in their mother, and Hermione did her best to resist. In an even bolder move, she spread her own legs, countering Apolline. "My, my! You are a treasure!" Apolline laughed, clapping her hands together as she lifted from her seat, letting Gabrielle's hands fall away from her cock. Slowly, the older woman strode across the room, standing in front of Hermione. Brushing a hand through the brunette's hair, she smiled, admiring the curves of her face and the innate beauty the young girl had. Unsure as to what was about to happen, Hermione half expected Apolline to slide down to her knees but was sorely mistaken. Lifting her chin, Apolline finished her sentence, "But you would do well to remember, Madame Apolline Delacour does not kneel for anyone." With a smirk on her face, Hermione got the idea. Apolline's hand wove through her bushy hair, gently pushing her head down towards her cock. Lovingly and with both hands, Hermione grabbed the woman's weighty cock, silently terrified of how thick and heavy it was in her hands. Lifting it and angling it upwards, she sensually used both hands to stroke her back and forth, working the woman's cock with firm and powerful strokes, savouring the streams of pre-cum that beaded on her tip and rolled down her shaft. Her hands quickly became slick with the substance, causing her handjob to become far more lubricated, her hands moving slick and with more passion, all the while her eyes remained locked with Apolline's the two engaging in a lustful staring battle with neither one wanting to back down and submit. Finally, Hermione bent her neck towards and slowly parted her lips, taunting Apolline as she slowly and seductively dragged the tip of her tongue and forth across the giant purple cockhead. Tasting the musky salty substance, Hermione moaned, a thin vibration sliding down and along the woman's cock forcing a deep groan from her lips. Having been watching the orgy ensue with only her daughter's hands to satiate her, she found the slightest hint of a blowjob to be more than satisfying. Even though Hermione was purposefully taunting and toying her with her tongue, lapping and licking just long enough to bring a moan to the woman's lips, but never enough to plunge her into a true cacophony to sublime sexual bliss. Teasing her with soft flicks of her tongue, Hermione relished the way that she moaned softly, gently patting the back of her head, encouraging her to take more of her length into her throat. Slowly, but surely, Hermione succumbed to the perverse lust building in her stomach, and stretched her small lips around the throbbing, bulbous head of Apolline's delicious cock. Immediately, pre-cum poured onto her tongue and down her throat, her saliva coating the entire tip with a glossy finish. Humming gently around her cock, Hermione continued to stroke her off, savouring the fact that each pump of her hands dribbled more delicious pre-cum down her tight and willing throat. Her eyes rolled closed and she slowly pushed forwards feeling her throat fight back against the mammoth and unnatural length. Whilst a part of Hermione wanted to bend and break before Apolline, reducing herself to a cock-hungry girl chasing her next orgasm, Hermione fought the urge, instead playing the tactful game of back and forth between the pair of them. Her next move in said game was to slide one of her hands down to the heavy pair of balls, both magically enhanced by a dose of Virility potion and from being unsatiated for a whole day. Collecting them in her grasp, Hermione gently squeezed them, playfully threatening the older woman with a firmer clench. "Ooo… you're playing with fire…" Apolline purred as Hermione's lips slowly eased themselves along her cock, reaching the half-way mark before her throat gave away and began to spasm. Wanting to affirm her position, Apolline's hand tightened around Hermione's hair, holding her in place as she coughed and spluttered around her cock. As she pushed harder and harder, Hermione's pierced throat began to give away, unable to contend the growing pressure applied on her hair. Inch after inch of thick, meaty cock slipped into her throat, the girl's chin becoming streaked with saliva as she choked on the immense shaft. It took a minute of steady wriggling, but eventually Hermione's lips were wrapped around the base of Apolline's shaft, her young and pliable throat bulging with her length. Unable to stop herself, she continued to splutter, though Hermione began to softly hum, confidant in her position. She wasn't going to submit just yet. "Erm… 'arry? Perhaps we should leave zem to it for now? We can come back later. I 'ave something to show you," Fleur interjected, breaking Harry's trance and pulling his gaze away from the incredible sight of one of his best friend's throats almost exploding from being full of cock. Apolline started off slowly, only pulling Hermione lips back a couple inches before thrusting back into the depths of her mouth. But as she forcefully worked the brunette's throat, Hermione became looser and looser, more relaxed and easier to pound. Quickly enough, Apolline was impaling Hermione on the end of her cock, again and again, faster and faster, constantly sliding in and out to a chorus of wet slurps, until finally, her hand grew tired and she let go for the briefest of moments. With only half of her length inside her throat, Hermione looked up at Apolline for the first time since she sank to her knees. Boldly, she reached around the mother and grasped her plump, immaculate arse cheeks, squeezing them firmly with both her hands. Using this as an anchor, she forced herself forwards, pushing her lips downwards and towards Apolline's crotch, all the while pulling her arse towards her, until finally, entirely of her own volition, every single inch of the older woman's cock was submerged in her warm, wet throat. And all without a single gag or splutter or even a blink. Impressed, Apolline watched lustfully, admiring the way that the young girl's lips stretched around the base of her shaft, forcibly pulled taut across her cock. Then, with a mouth full of dick, Hermione winked, melting the sexual stare of Apolline and bringing a smirk of admiration to her lips. Plucking her lips from Apolline's cock, Hermione breathed deeply as she found her breath. Offering the girl, a hand, Apolline lifted her from her knees, brushing her hair from her eyes. Both of them had the same thought, their lips pressing softly together as their hands roamed one another's bodies, pulling and playing with every handful of flesh they could find, all under the watchful eyes of Gabrielle, Fleur and Harry. Watching them as they slowly became more and more passionate finally convinced Harry to take up Fleur's offer and leave them to it for now. The older Delacour sister took him by the hand and guided him to the adjacent room, the door closing behind them just as Apolline and Hermione crashed onto the bed. "Apologies for ma mere… She can be a little…" Fleur smiled as they entered the dimly lit room, the blonde striding straight for the centre as Harry glanced around. It was entirely dark, with the room lit up by a collection of candles that had been enchanted to add a subtle soft glow to the room. "Intense? Yeah, she's a little intense…" Harry smirked as he closed the door before turning around and being immediately met with a rather strange and peculiar sight. There was a single large bed in the centre of the room, upon which she was laying seductively on her side, propping her head up on her hand. That wasn't the peculiar part however, as the blonde and laden the entire room with rose petals and had conjured two crystal glasses and a bottle of champagne to float beside the bed, with an oddly romantic classical tune dwindling in the background, "Wow…" "I thought we could use a little time alone? You know? After our last moments, with just ze two of us, was cut short…" Fleur smiled salaciously, awaiting Harry's eager response. However, he was more baffled than he was enticed as the whole thing had an air of mystery about it "This is? What is this? This is… are you trying to… What are you trying to do?" Harry asked as he slowly made his way over to the bed. Fleur caught onto his line of thinking and rolled towards the edge of the bed so she was propped on the side. "Well… After last time… I felt a… connection. You were ze first person to ask about ze Veela allure and zat was quite special… So, I thought we might share a little more. Get to know each ozer a little more intimately. I thought a more… romantic evening avec ze two of us would be nice?" Fleur smiled as Harry sat next to her, a little taken aback by the sudden implication. "I'm sorry what? I wasn't. I mean... I was being nice?" Harry stammered Fleur looked at him quizzically. After over a decade of exerting her sexual influence over others, a rare and baffling moment occurred for Fleur. A twinge of confusion emotions that tucked at her in the most peculiar of ways. "Zat was not an instigation of romance?" Fleur asked, blushing softly as she realised her mistake. That moment with Harry, that brief moment with Harry where she discussed something real with him was the most unfiltered moment of sexual desire that she had ever felt. And after years of dominating people's lust and desire, manipulating people through her buxom chest and burgeoning arse, Fleur had grown to lack the one distinguishing feature that such acts entailed. Her misinterpretation of Harry being nice was such a rare moment that in her long sex addled mind, she had took that as the moniker of infatuation. A moment of love. After so many years of faking it or living with the estranged and entirely uncommon place love of her mother and sister, a rare moment of weakness blossomed in her mind where her world came crashing back into place. After all, the concept of friend and romantic interest seemed all the same to her. Strangely enough, in her experience, she had never truly had either, "My oh my, my apologises. I am a fool. Zat was… Non… Sorry… I suppose I've become so used to zis, zat zat seemed…" "Fleur, it's alright…" Harry stammered, trying to piece the situation back together as Fleur rose from the bed and set the lights back on, slowly going around the room and extinguishing the candles in a quick and panicked flurry, almost shy and anxiously hiding her face away through embarrassment. "Mon ami! Je suis un idiot. Je ne peux pas croire. Bien sûr, vous n'êtes pas amoureux de moi. C'était stupide. Pourquoi est-ce que je penserais ça? C'était juste si réel. Après avoir fait semblant, ça ... je pensais. Je suis tellement stupide," Fleur whispered to herself, flustered. She felt a tear build in her eye, something that made her stop and wipe it away, baffled by it, "I am crying… why ever am I crying?" "Fleur… I didn't mean to make you sad. It's just… I was being nice. I mean you're really nice and sweet, but I'm with Ginny and all. But…" Harry stammered helplessly, his face a deeper shade of red than even that of Fleur's as he embarrassingly stumbled through the situation. Fleur slid down onto the bed next to him, "Maybe you're crying because… I don't know… You're so used to getting looked at, I suppose it's only natural you cry when someone doesn't look at you like that. That doesn't mean you have to love them. Friends do that, I guess." "It is just… I 'ave never felt zat way before. Is zat normal? To feel zat way?" Fleur asked, wiping the tears away from her eyes and sweeping the dishevelled mess of her immaculate hair out of her eyes. It was strange to see her like this, and despite their nagging libidos the moment felt sincere. "All the time. Hermione's great for it. She cares a lot. Too much. But if it's that easy for you to feel like that, when there is actually someone you love, it'll be unbelievable," Harry smirked as comfortingly as he could. A smile stretched on Fleur's face as he said so. "I suppose it's always just been me and Gabrielle. And mozer as well…" Fleur breathed, her eyes clearing up and her attention returning to the thick and throbbing asset between her legs. But for the first time in a while, she ignored it, savouring instead the moment. "It's always like that till you meet the right people," Harry mused, ignoring his throbbing, long untouched cock as best he could. It was a great challenge, especially considering the company he was in, and the softness of Fleur's skin against his as they sat side by side. "You, 'ermione and Ron are ze right people I think…" Fleur smiled to herself, chirping up considerably as she opened up, unleashing the first open thoughts she had in years. Turning to Harry however, quickly reaffirmed something inside her. She was still desperately horny, "But enough with ze sadness. Mon ami, allow me…" "You really don't have t…" Harry began, only to be immediately cut off as Fleur slid down to her knees in front of him and instantly wrapped her lips around his cock, silencing his words. Groaning, Harry fell back on the bed, experiencing her skilled lips once again. However, Fleur had other ideas in mind for making Harry truly squirm. As he lay back on the bed, she lifted his legs up continuing her blowjob as she freed up access to her true desire. Lifting his bum ever so slightly, she managed to trace her fingers across his asshole, gently rubbing and teasing it with her digits. Smirking, Harry watched as Fleur's lips left his cock and offered him a grin. She wasn't done throwing him around however, as she wrapped an arm around his waist and continued to push his legs up in the air until Harry was balancing on his shoulders and Fleur could kneel on the bed and still have access to his delectable ass. Using her arm around his waist to support him, she dove in, her tongue becoming relentless at devouring his rear entrance. Keeping his ass in the air, she lunged her tongue out and towards his constricted hole, darting back and forth, coating his hole liberally in saliva, all the while loosening his arse. Despite the fervent fuckings that he had been on the receiving end of, he still needed a little help in untightening, and Harry was hardly going to complain about Fleur's experienced and diligent tongue attacking his sensitive entrance. Tracing every inch and delicious wrinkle, she kept her eyes locked with his, her hand curling around to gently jerk his throbbing cock, pre-cum pouring down and onto her palm. Watching her beautiful lips bury themselves in his ass was something of a perverse joy. Seeing such a gorgeous girl sully herself with a lewd and dirty act was as liberating as it was satisfying. All those teenage fantasies he had had years prior were a reality in most cases, with the normally prim and proper girls being actual deviants. So, seeing Fleur, the epitome of beauty and properness, hungrily licking his ass was something special. Pushing forwards, she jammed her tongue deep inside him, stretching as much as she could with her lips pressing firmly against his entrance. Moaning as she explored his ass, she kept that lustful and deep stare with Harry, relishing the way his surprised and pleasured gasps dribbled out of his lips, his cock constantly twitching in her hand as she found his sweet spots. Her tongue happened to curl towards his prostate, with the simple sensation of her tongue gliding across his button being enough to make his cock surge closer to an orgasm, with Fleur's hand becoming slick with his arousal. Focusing on his prostate, she licked and played with it, grinning as she did so, watching Harry's lips fall open. Her own cock was begging for more pleasure, with the simple act of grinding against Harry's back not being enough to properly satiate her building need for relief. With some little acrobatics, Fleur adjusted her position, straddling Harry's face whilst keeping his ass in the air, creating a perverse and delighful vertical sixty-nine. Offering Harry a wink, Fleur sank downwards, forcing Harry's tongue between her perfect arse, smothering the young boy in her gloriously supple flesh. She barely had time to moan as his tongue plunged unceremoniously into her ass, slipping an inch deep within seconds. A couple more seconds and he found her button, pressing and playing with it to a chorus of meek and submissive moans. Fleur's stomach began to quiver, that peculiar sensation filling her up once more. It was like that time with Hermione at the First Task. That comfort in submission, that placidity and desire to bend over and let Harry slam away at her creamy bum. In laments terms, the comfort of friendship, which gave way to the desire and capability to be fucked like a little bitch, all without a knock to her self-esteem. Returning her lips to Harry's cock, she was dead-set on making him moan, wanting to spur him on a little before they fucked. A part of her wanted to return to her mother, but another simply wanted to savour Harry for a while. There was plenty of time to be consumed in her mother's sexual antics. Lifting a couple fingers to Harry's ass, she dipped them easily inside, her tongue lubricating them as they curled upwards tickling that delightfully sensitive spot of flesh that was buried in their asses. The subsequent pleasure was felt by both of them, with the guttural groans of approval from Harry reverberating through Fleur's sweet spot and ultimately making both their cocks spurt onto one another. The virility potion worked a charm, with the two of them barely missing a beat. Several strands of cum spurted up and onto their bellies, painting their skin with each other's orgasms, with neither one letting up on their oral attentions. Riding down her orgasm, Fleur drew her lips away, rolling onto her back and spreading her long slender legs. "Fuck me, mon ami… fuck me 'ard…" Fleur whimpered softly, fully submitting to that long submissive part of her that longed to be dominated. The barriers had been knocked down and the pressures to be that sexual dominatrix disappeared, leaving her hungering for a thick, hard cock up her arse. And Harry was more than happy to oblige. His cock was still solid, even after cumming, and so he was able to hook his hands beneath her thighs, pushing them back, spreading them wider. His cock bounced and prodded her rear entrance, throbbing against her hole. With one quick adjustment, her loosened ass eagerly swallowed his cock, with Harry able to sink himself deep inside her without stalling. Fleur grabbed the side of his head, a stole an impassioned kiss. One of lust and not love. Her tongue probed his mouth before pulling back. Crossing eyes with him, Fleur looked rather sternly at the boy, "'arry… I want you to fuck me properly. When you think you are starting to 'urt me, go 'arder. Make me scream…" Harry needed no more coercing than that. With his cock lodged firmly in her ass, he adjusted his position slightly, drew his hips back and hammered home, eliciting a startled, meek whimper from the blonde. Her hands grabbed Harry's arms, squeezing tightly. A little concerned, Harry looked in her eyes and instead of fearful pain there was passionate pleasure. In fact, if anything, she looked as if she might hurt him if he stopped. The twinge of pain in her ass was nothing compared to the erotic pleasure building in her core and her heart. Her eyes rolled closed as Harry drew back and started into a rough hardcore rhythm, with each thrust sending a burst of pained pleasure through her body, pushing grunts and groans of a similar quality from her lips. She reclined deeper into the bed as the steady continuous slaps of Harry's balls hitting her flesh filled the room, Harry building up a sweat as he pounded her tight little ass. There was something about the more hardcore nature that made Harry groan. The elegance sensual experience of his time with Fleur previous was completely shattered, with Fleur turning into a cock-hungry whore. Her time in Britain had certainly changed her, and entirely for the better in both Harry and Fleur's minds. Again, and again, he happily pounded away, sweat glistening across both their bodies as Harry hips moved quicker and quicker. The cum that painted both their bellies was smeared together as Harry lay atop her, pressing his chest against her tits. Fleur, growing used to the harder fucking, slid her hands around to Harry's ass, grabbing his cheeks and using them to pull him deeper inside herself. Her cock twitched and spilled pre-cum between them as her nipples grew harder, prodding against Harry's chest. Their laboured breathing filled the room, Harry working through the growing fatigue, using the impending explosion of pleasure that was building in his cock. His time with Katie had taught him to manage his stamina, and so roughly fucking Fleur's tight and rarely used ass was somewhat easier. However, Fleur's tightness was his bane. Her tight, delectable hole massaged his entire length as he drew back and forth, pounding again and again, learning the savour the dull pain of his cock hitting her ass. Grabbing her legs, he flipped her onto her hands and knees, keeping his cock pinned inside her. Standing on the balls of his feet, he took that dominant role, standing above her and forcing her head down into the pillow. Fleur grunted and softly begged for more before her words were silenced, her lips forced into the pillow. The new position allowed him deeper inside her and allowed him to quicken his tempo. Reaching around, he fondled her tits, loving the way they felt in his hands. Grabbing them roughly, he used them to pull on as he thrust forwards, dragging her body back to meet his crashing thrusts. Moaning loudly, Harry felt another orgasm lingering nearer. A few more thrusts and he unloaded into her, several strands of cum pumping deep into her arse. Breathing heavily, Harry continued to pound away, causing Fleur to gasp and screech into the pillow. The virility potion extended his stamina even further, and the added lubricant made everything all the quicker. Wrapping her hair around his hand, Harry pulled her backwards forcing her up onto her knees and pressing her back and against his front. Burying his lips in her neck, he nibbled on her flesh, littering her skin with love bites as Harry made good on his promise to make her scream. Squealing louder and louder, she felt Harry quicken behind her, his orgasm giving him a unique burst of speed. His constant twisting and tweaking of her nipples also added to the perverse lust, her creamy breasts turning red from Harry's rough grip. Hammering away, Harry savoured the way she moaned and screamed, her cock twitching and bouncing between her legs sending beads of pre-cum flying upwards, smattering her breasts and even landing on her lower lip, until she finally came to her second orgasm of the session. Her cock twitched wildly, spraying cum forwards and across the headboard, completely ruining the pillow that lay beneath it. Slowing his thrusts, Harry made sure that each slower paced pound milked her cock dry, until finally, the two of them fell to one side, breathless. "Mon ami… You… You… Zere are no words… Oh… None at all…" Fleur breathed as she flopped down to the bed, her legs dangling off the side. Harry was quick to join her, laying there just as breathless if not more. Their cocks softened for the briefest of seconds before immediately hardening again, though the potion mitigated the pain of continuous and unending sexual pleasure. "Yeah… Exactly…" Harry breathed in response, the two cracking massive grins as they caught their breath. It took them several minutes to collect themselves and even as they agreed to make their way back to Apolline, a part of both of them both wanted to stay and see what they could get up to together. However, they made the decision to return and thus pushed through the doors and back into the main room, where they were met with an utterly gorgeous and brilliantly sexual sight. The orgy of French girls had moved up towards the bed and gathered around a single person. Hermione. She was stood up, using a chain above her to steady herself as the Beauxbatons attended to her. They were clumped around her and positioned very delicately, almost as if they had practiced beforehand. Two were standing up, bent over at either side as their lips wrapped around Hermione's nipples, their tongues and teeth working wonders on the sensitive nubs. Two more were positioned below her, sharing the duty of her balls, each one lavishing her sack with their tongues. Four of them were pressed together in front of her, their tongues and lips running up and down her cock, licking and lapping at every inch of flesh, but never taking it in their mouth. Two more were behind her, spreading her cheeks and playing with her asshole, their tongues dipping inside in unison. Hermione's face was contorted in sublime and unbelievable pleasure. Every moment she thought she had made sense of it all, another burst of new pleasure would claim her, and she'd be shuddering once more. They had already claimed one orgasm from her and were working steadily towards the next with Hermione struggling to stand. Apolline was sat watching the entire extravagance from her sofa, sipping on her wine as Gabrielle dutifully deepthroated the woman, plunging her small and hungry lips up and down. "Ah! Fleur. 'arry! Come, come. I 'ave made a bet with 'ermione you see. She says she can last three orgasms, but I say zat she can't. Not at ze hands of ma dames!" Apolline smiled, watching the way that Hermione's body twitched, slowly collecting a layer of sweat as she grew more and more embroiled in the pleasure that was consuming her. Apolline then turned to Harry as he sat down on the sofa beside her, "Perhaps you can 'elp me avec zis peculiar book. Madame Granger left it 'er when I made ze bet with 'er. It is most estranged." "Erm… I don't really know…" Harry said, taking the small leather journal from the woman and reading through its pages. It was quite baffling to Harry, but entirely normal to Hermione. It was in this book that her lists of various peoples kinks and fetishes were kept, and Harry found it to be utterly amazing. He looked at his own entry: Harry Potter Cock Size: Ten Inches Previous Lovers: Ginny Weasley, Luna Lovegood, Rita Skeeter, Katie Bell, Lavender Brown, Padma Patil, Parvati Patil, Hermione Granger, Myrtle Warren, Pansy Parkinson, Fleur Delacour, Gabrielle Delacour, Kinks: Explorative in nature, ready and willing to partake in anything and everything sexual. Increasingly caring, preferring to ensure his partners sexual relief as opposed to craving his own. Current Fantasy: Foursome with Hermione Granger, Luna Lovegood and Ginny Weasley He would be a fool to deny having such a fantasy. Almost every teenage boy fantasised about having sex with their female friends and it was only natural to imagine having an orgy with them all. Although, in Harry's case, it was more about finding a way to coerce them into doing so, seeing as he had already had sex with them all individually and a couple of times via threesomes. Still, the most interesting entries were those of other people, namely the entry that featured McGonagall. Seeing that she fantasised about none other than the little French girl happily gagging on her mother's cock was incredibly interesting, "I think if you write your name down, you can see a list of all the people you've… had sex with. And what they're into." "My, my! Ze English 'ave such wonderous inventions," Apolline smiled, drawing her wand and summoning a quill. Flipping forwards, she found a blank page and wrote her name, her eyes widening as the pages filled up. Flipping through page after page after page, she eventually blushed and closed it, "Well, it certainly is extensive. Now, mon ami… Tell me about what you and Fleur got up to. I could 'ear 'er screaming with pleasure. Is zat your famous tongue at work, non?" "Famous? Erm…" Harry stammered, blushing as Fleur bowed her head nervously. Apparently, he conversations with her mother were a little overzealous in their descriptive nature. That and Gabrielle had an almost emphatic obsession with Hermione and him. "Ah, no need to blush mon ami. Besides, I would think zat we are beyond ze realm of oral pleazures tonight. I think we need a little more forceful an act to truly make ze evening special. Come to ze bed Monsieur Potter," Apolline murmured, rising to her feet and handing the leather journal down to Gabrielle, who pawed through it herself, her eyes widening as she read Professor McGonagall's entry. Harry, Fleur and Apolline walked around the orgy of tongues, watching as Hermione's second orgasm shuddered through her body, spraying the girls who were religiously worshipping her cock, "Now… Gabby, you have done marvellously. Come and lay next to mommy. Now, ze French 'ave many positions mon ami, but zis one is particularly special. Az you are our guest, mon ami. I will allow you ze rare pleazure of fucking moi, but you must be willing to take ma petit Fleur inside yourself azwell?" "I'm sure 'arry will not mind zat. Besides. He's always been willing to return ze favour," Fleur interjected, planting a soft friendly kiss on his cheek as Apolline flopped down onto the bed beside the young Gabrielle. The size of her mammoth cock compared to the young girl was somewhat scary, but even scarier was the fact that Apolline intended to impale the young girl on the end of such a monstrous length. "Parfait. Allow me and Gabrielle to get into ze swing of things and zen feel free to join. Fleur, make sure our guest iz tended to," Apolline commanded, her sheer presence commanding respect amongst the group. Ignoring Hermione and her toe curling experience, Harry watched as Gabrielle turned on her side and lifted her leg. Pushing her ass backwards, she felt the thickness of her mother's cock grind against her rear, slipping up to her gaping ass. Following her mother's arrival and the first instance of Gabrielle being fucked in the ass by her, it was safe to say that Gabrielle's hole was Apolline's first choice most nights. She had caught up on training the young girl, often drilling her again and again until her hole was well used and permanently agape. Slipping her cock down and against her child's asshole, Apolline slipped inside with ease, moaning softly as she plunged every inch of her monstrous cock inside the young petite girl, with neither one of them missing a beat. Harry watched in awe as Apolline leisurely and calmly began to fuck her youngest daughter, using the girl's hole as a glorified toy. Brushing her hair out of her eyes, she stole a kiss from her child, before starting to speed her thrusts up. She took liberty in the fact that it was just the two of them at that point, roughly and quite spiritedly commandeering the young girl's hole. Constantly jerking herself off, Gabrielle looked as if she was in heaven. The only thing that broke Harry's staring was Fleur dropping her hand to his cock and slowly jerking him off. Her other hand was working her own length as the pair glared at the gorgeous scene before them. Apolline looked perfect, with her body moving in such a theatrical and visually pleasing way. It was so enthralling to watch even the simplest things about her, like the way her bum cheeks jiggled slightly, or how she sucked her belly in with every thrust, or the way her shoulders shifted as she pulled Gabrielle back onto her thrust. Every miniscule movement was perfect and had been refined over years of practice. "'arry… Come and show me why Fleur and Gabrielle are every so fond of you," Apolline smiled, slowing her thrusts to a halt and shifting ever so slightly so as to push her plump and immaculate rear towards Harry. Balls deep in Gabrielle, Apolline intended to create a chain. She found it to be one of the most intense ways to start her extravagant orgies, as once the chain began to break, there was never any hesitation as to where to put your cock next. If there was a hole, it was free. And more often than not, it was what made her extravagances so sublime. Harry lay down behind her, a little daunted at the sheer perfect nature of the Delacour's arse. He had always found Fleur to be the pinnacle of sheer female eroticism, but her mother was something else. Almost on an entirely new level of beauty. Tentatively touching her soft and bouncy cheeks, Harry spread them just enough so as to rest the tip of his cock against her arsehole. And then, before he had a chance to thrust forwards, Apolline pushed backwards, lodging his entire length inside herself and groaning in pleasure, "Not ze biggest, but I can see why… oh… zat is a delightful head. It really… mmm… indeed… Oh, 'arry… Zis night will forever ruin sex for you. You will always lust for what tonight will give you. Oh, mon ami… ze night 'as just begun…" Moaning softly at the incredible sensation that enveloped his cock, Harry was quickly dragged along with the head swimming flood of pleasure. Apolline possessed unique and incredible abilities that she had honed through years of practice. Her ass was like a flute-player, constantly pressing down, clenching and unclenching around his cock to a surprising degree of ability. It was sensational. As she thrust forwards, burying herself into Gabrielle, she pulled Harry out of herself, only to pull out of Gabrielle and impale herself once more, building up a delicious and incredible rhythm that left Harry a little stunned. His body tingled, his balls tightening, and his orgasm building. Apolline's ass was so delicate and perfect that it took only minutes for him to unload inside her, spurting another hefty load deep into the older woman's bum, eliciting a prideful giggle from the milf. "Do not worry petit garcon. Zere will be plenty more of zat to come from us all… Just stay 'ard and let mozer do ze work," Apolline purred, craning her neck and stealing a brief kiss from Harry before continuing the rhythm, speeding up and using the copious amounts of cum that were buried inside her as lubricant. Harry's moans became louder and louder and were only silenced when Fleur lay down behind him, returning the favour from earlier and nibbling his neck, proving many love-bites, all the while running her fat cockhead up and down his asshole. Harry didn't mind, and if anything was excited to experience the dual pleasures of fucking and being fucked. Fleur wasted no time, pushing inside Harry and using submerging herself deep into his rear. The two groaned in unison as each inch disappeared inside him, his hole easily taking the entirety of her cock. Harry didn't like to admit it, but he was becoming something of a slut. His ass swallowed Fleur's cock with a little too much ease for his liking. But before it could knock his confidence, her fat shaft squashed his prostate into submission, with Harry's eyes rolling into the back of his head as his cock and ass were flooded with pleasure. Another orgasm was bubbling to the surface as Fleur began to fuck him, matching her mother's thrusts so as to keep in time with the perverse and intricate chain that they had made. Fleur's hands continued to roam Harry's body, her lips nibbling and biting at whatever she could find, playing and toying with him as the four of them descended into new realms of perversion. Just as Apolline planned, the room slowly began to descend into a delicious orgy. Hermione came one last time with the French girls, staggering out from in between them long enough to catch her breath. Seeing the four people on the bed, she rushed to join in, her mind flooded with a need for more pleasure. Sliding in behind Fleur, she pushed inside the blonde's ass, gently starting to thrust back and forth as the other French students gathered around. Watching for a few moments, they then descended upon the growing orgy, with Apolline's one rule becoming a tried and tested reality. Any free hole was game, even when it came to the demure and rather influential older woman. There was no shame to be had at all, and the orgy got into full swing, with it all becoming a blur for Harry and Hermione, their bodies becoming just another part in this intricate fuck session. The chain grew, with one girl taking Hermione's ass as it dangled tauntingly off the side of the bed. Kneeling down, she plunged inside her well lubricated arse, welcoming her friend into her own hole. Two girls clambered atop the bed and knelt beside Harry and Apolline's heads, guiding their cocks towards their respective mouths. Harry, a little cautious, eventually followed Apolline's lead, taking the shafts into his mouth and allowing her to slowly fuck his mouth, angling his neck so as to allow her access to his throat. One girl stooped down to Gabrielle's shaft and began to bob her head up and down, only to adjust herself once more so as to offer the young Delacour slut her cock, sixty-nining with her small lithe frame. Cum spurted and sprayed again and again, with the group of people not bothering to wipe down, instead letting themselves become stickier and stickier. The chain eventually dismantled with people sticking themselves wherever they could. Hermione, rather boldly, grabbed Fleur and pulled her over to the head of the bed, scooping her legs upwards and pinning the slender blonde against the wall. Impaling her on her cock, Hermione buried her head in between her breasts, kissing and suckling on the delicious flesh, all the while letting Fleur bounce up and down on her cock, meekly whimpering as Hermione's dominant side began to ruin her tight little ass. Apolline was quick to bury her face in between Hermione's cheeks, tasting her tight little asshole as Harry continued to pound into her ass, hammering back and forth, relishing the tightness of the milf's hole. One of the French girls took up position behind him, sliding into his ass and gently twisting his nipples with her fingers. Positions grew wilder as the night progressed, with Apolline bringing out more and more toys to play with. She hung a sex swing from the roof in which Gabrielle quickly found herself tied up, with girls casually pounding the young girl whenever they got bored. Not wanting Gabrielle to grow too bored, Apolline conjured a rather delectable dildo to plug the young girl's rear whenever someone else wasn't taking the opportunity. As for the rest of them, Fleur embraced her new found submissive side, indulging with a few of her classmates who had for years always been bent over and at her mercy. Several of her friends relished the opportunity of unleashing years of pent up sexual aggression, firmly and roughly using the Delacour slut's ass, making sure she felt each, and every crashing thrust, a sensation that Fleur quickly began to adore. Apolline became infatuated with each of the Hogwarts guests, making sure that she explored every possible sexual avenue with the two of them. Once she was done devouring Hermione's ass, she pulled Harry's cock from her arse and took Harry's mouth as her own. Laying him on his back on the bed, she straddled his face, sliding every inch of her engorged cock into his talented mouth and lazily fucking his throat for fair while, enjoying multiple orgasms and flooding the young boy's throat with her cum, the boy happily gagging on it. Several of the French girls queued up to ride Harry's cock as his mouth was busy, with each one of them taking their sweet time with sensually riding the young man's cock, until finally, Hermione re-joined them. It was safe to say that Hermione found herself emboldened by the entire experience, almost being consumed by a haze of mindless lust. The unlucky French dame who was bouncing on Harry's cock, immediately found herself pushed backwards, resting on Harry's stomach, as Hermione spread her legs and pressed the tip of her cock against the Beauxbaton's already occupied asshole. Before she could object, Hermione plunged inside, thrusting back and forth into the limp girl's hole as she tried to keep herself sane. Eventually, even Hermione tired of it and rolled her to one side, freeing Harry up for her own salacious desires, Lifting his hips, she slipped herself inside Harry, before leaning forwards and spreading Apolline's arse cheeks. Spearing the older woman on her tongue, Hermione exercised her limberness and continued to fuck her best friend, as she ate out the older woman's ass. Time passed and more and more girl's retired from the orgy, collapsing on the floor and falling asleep, drenched and dripping with cum. Gabrielle had already fallen asleep in the sling, her ass continuous being prodded by the enchanted dildo, but to no audience other than Harry, Apolline, Fleur and Hermione. Eventually Apolline collapsed against the headboard, gently stroking her cock as she watched the three younger ones engage with each other. Hermione was laid on her back with Fleur on top of her, their lips pressed together in a weak and lazy kiss, the mashing their lips together as Harry slid up behind Fleur. Pushing inside her well used ass, he began to slowly draw his hips back and forth, breathless and tired. The trio continued for five minutes, before each of them unloaded one last time, draining themselves before collapsing next to one another, their arms wrapping around each other as they drifted off to bed, all under the watchful gaze of Fleur's mother, who quickly concluded that the evening was a resounding success. Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that. It is one of the chapters that I really enjoy writing. I enjoy writing most chapters, but there are some that just lead me down wild rabbit holes that are just insanely fun to experiment and explore. This is also the second longest chapter I've written for this story and is around 13,000 words long. Do with that what you will. I also want to say that I am starting up commissions. If you have any ideas you desperately want written for any fandom or something, please let me know. I am trying to make a little extra money so that I can devote more time to my smutty past times, so if you want to support me and get a smutty personalised story, it would be much appreciated. If not, that's fine. I'll still be doing this stuff, either way! And onto the next chapter. A hotly anticipated chapter. I've had a lot of reviews asking for it, either from lots of different people or one really dedicated guy (not sure which). After long last, two central characters will be getting it on. After all, incest is wincest… Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys… It's been a long time. And I hate that it has been a long time, but for reasons that I'll get into shortly, It's been difficult. But, I am excited to get this chapter to you even if it may be the last one in a wee while. And by wee while, I mean… a couple months. Financially, I'm in a sticky situation. I've been forced to work around the clock and as a result what little free time I have is dedicated to retaining my sanity. Which means I've literally been writing this chapter 1,000 words at a time over the past couple months. That doesn't sound like much, but these chapters are almost 10,000 words. I thought long and hard (tee-hee) about what I could do to rectify this. How I could find the time to write this story. I considered starting a , but that felt weird. But then, I figured I'd just reiterate a service that I have in place that helps me. Commissions. If you want this story to continue, want to support me, and have some spare funds, please get in touch about commissioning something. It essentially gives me some breathing room, gives you some personalised smut and allows me to levy some time into writing these chapters, of which this story is always priority. I've started commissions recently and the ones that I have gotten have been the sole reason that I've been able to get this chapter to you now and not in several months' time. So, if you want to, the option is there. PM me. It genuinely does help me. £10 per 1000 words, and if you get in touch within the next month and mention the discount word which I have placed at the bottom of 'Chapter 18: The Unexpected Task', I'll give you 1,000 free words when you commission something over 5,000 words. Not much, but a little incentive. You can commission a story from any fandom and the offer still stands. Just a little something. Also, if you are an eccentric billionaire, get in touch and we can work something out. I'll write smut all the live long day if you do so ;) Enough grovelling for your money, onto the smut. And Ginny is in dire need of a good fucking and will go to any lengths to get it. Enjoy! Chapter 40: Last Resort "Open up! Please! For Merlin's sake open up!" Ginny screeched, hammering fruitlessly on the Ravenclaw common room door. Her fists ached as she did so, her voice undoubtedly going unheard. She'd been at it for five minutes, desperately trying to catch someone's attention. Every now and again, she peer around the corner, hopeful in trying to find someone to answer the door. Finally, the door peeled open and a disgruntled fifth year glared down at her, expecting something dreadfully important, "Is Luna there? I really need to speak with her!" "No. Loony isn't here. Went for one of weird walks. Probably out communing with the pixies or something," The fifth year scoffed, closing the door behind him and leaving Ginny disappointed. Pounding her fist into the wall out of frustration, she turned and began to make her way down the stairs, hobbling slightly as she tried to discourage the throbbing erection between her legs. She had been like this for a whole day. A whole day. Not just since morning, but a whole twenty-four hours and she was getting to the end of her tether. Sure, she had lasted longer, but having had such ready access for the past few months, she had almost grown dependent. And now she was struggling to even walk without eliciting some pleasure in her shaft, pleasure that would build endless without relief. Making her way clumsily back to the common room, she pushed through to find it almost empty. Sliding down into the seat by the fire, she buried her head in her hands, trying to figure out what she could do. The Gloryhole was always an option, but it was never a guarantee. The last few times she had been in there, she had sat for hours. Not counting Rita. Hermione could help, but just like Luna, she couldn't find her. Harry was gone as well, presumably with Hermione. There was always the worst possible option, which was to go to Professor McGonagall. As per their instructions in rudimentary sex-ed, they were able to go to their House Heads who would aid them without question and without a second word. But no-one did that. People would rather explode than do that. "Hey, are you alright Ginny? You're looking a bit tense," a voice said from beside her, drawing her intention to one side. Expecting Harry, she was begrudgingly met with the dopey face of her brother Ron, a sight she wasn't exactly happy to see. Frankly, if there was ever a worse sight to see when she was horny and in need of relief, it was her brother. However, in this case, she was somewhat relieved as he might be able to help track down one of her potential fuck-buddies. "Ron! Have you see Harry? Or Hermione? Anywhere? I mean in the slightest? Even if you've just seen a fraction of a hair, I need to know!" Ginny pleaded desperately as Ron shrunk into the seat next to her, a little perturbed by his sister practically frothing at the mouth. "No… They've gone to that… er, the thing Fleur and Gabrielle. They said they wouldn't be back until late. Though, knowing Fleur, it'll probably be the morning. Why? Is something up?" Ron said, lifting an eyebrow as Ginny began to rock back and forth, clutching her thighs together and gritting her teeth. What could she do? She could go down to that French thing? Try there. But that was a little rude. Then again, things were a little beyond that now. She could find Neville. It would probably make his day to jump him and beg him to fuck her, but just like Harry and Hermione, he was nowhere to be found. The common room was practically empty. Who else? Katie. Harry had told her all about Katie's sex drive and no doubt she'd be willing to help her with this. But it was once again a matter of awkwardness. She could hardly go up to her, confess that Harry had told her all about them and then beg for the same treatment. It was demeaning. But Ginny had no other choice. No other choice at all. It was either than or spend a night in miserable need of relief. "Gin? You okay?" Ron asked, catching her attention. Ginny's eyes widened as the thought passed across her head. She couldn't ask him to do that could she? No, she was his little sister. It would be wrong. Then again. Of all the sexual perversions that she had taken part in, this would rank pretty low on the severity scale. Gabrielle and Fleur managed to get away with it, why would it be weird if she and Ron had a little fun. No, it wouldn't be fun. It was just to give her some relief. That was it. Thinking about it, that was how she and Harry began; two friends helping each other out. It was just… now, it was too siblings. That didn't have to be weird, did it? It was quite kinky if anything. "Ron… I'm going… I… I need to ask you something. And I need you to not freak out, or think I'm insane, or god forbid tell mum. It's just… I really need a favour. Not a favour… I mean it's hardly a chore. Most people would be thrilled, it doesn't matter that you are my brother. It's just… Can I ask you something?" Ginny stammered, her words almost feverish. She was pretty sure she was working up a sweat; partly due to the actual stress her body was feeling as a result of going unrelieved and partly due to the fact it was likely she'd continue to be so for the entire night, something that terrified her. That and she was about to ask her brother to shag her. She was almost delirious at the thought and it made her feel exceptionally weird. But had gotten so accustomed to constant animalistic sex that even this short period seemed to be enough to cause her body to go into withdrawal. Her tolerance was nothing compared to the summer where she had to force herself through weeks of abstinence. Now, a day made her feel like she was going to explode. "What? Gin, you look like hell. Why are you twitching?" Ron asked as she looked at him, her cheeks redder than imaginable and her fingers dancing back and forth across her palms. The look of desperation in her eyes was enough to cause Ron to take her seriously, but what happened next made him stunned with shock. "I… I… You know how… How witches need… Need to be… How to say this? Relieved? Regularly? Well, I kinda need… Need someone and I don't have anywhere else to go," Ginny stuttered, looking at Ron hopefully and watching him slowly come to a realisation. The realisation of what she was dancing around saying. "You can't possibly mean? With you? And me? Us? Doing… Doing that? It's… It's not… Not right, isn't it? That's… That's weird…" Ron breathed, his cheeks turning equally red as he looked into the dead serious eyes of his sister. It was almost instantaneous. His cock hardened between his legs, pushing up against his trousers and making him immediately uncomfortable. It would have been ludicrous to suggest that Ron had not imagined Ginny coming to him with this proposal. Being the older brother of a smoking hot redhead incurred certain fantasies, and whilst the general taboo spoke out against it, he couldn't help but imagine spreading his sister's long creamy legs and doing unspeakable things with the young girl. Following what he would consider her 'sexual awakening', also known as the moment that he started to realise that his sister was actively having sex not only with his best friend but many other people, Ron's fantasies sky-rocketed. The brief flashes of skin that she offered him were enough to fuel many, many perverted thoughts and the subtle hints at her true sexual depravity only made him lust for her more. Not in a… relationship way. Fortunately for him, he could categorically reduce his thoughts about his sister to purely sexual and physical ones. At least that's what he told himself. After all, that was what allowed him to justify wanting his little sister to ram her fat cock down his throat and into his arse. "I wouldn't be asking if there was any other way. I've searched the entire castle for my usual go-to people, but they are all gone, and I feel like I'm about to explode! And not the good way…" Ginny groaned, adjusting her position to try and stop herself from bulging at the crotch; a futile endeavour considering the current state of her arousal. She could see the cogs turning behind Ron's eyes. "I… I'm not sure…" Ron stammered in response, trying to tactfully mitigate his inherent enthusiasm and try to appear like the begrudging participant. Though, he couldn't hide his enthusiasm from down below, with Ginny's eyes noticing it with a small smirk. "Please…" She pleaded, taking Ron's hands in her own and smiling hopefully; desperately. Breathing slowly in, Ron conceded, doing nothing more than nodding in approval. A little eagerly, Ginny leant forwards and pecked him on the cheek, her hands slipping out from his grasp and sliding lower, gently running along his thigh. Without even asking, she shifted herself closer, practically sitting in his lap as her hands grew closer to the growing bulge between his legs. "Oh! Really? Here? I mean. There's still people here. Shouldn't we go somewhere a little more… private?" Ron whispered, suddenly conscious of the few people that were still awake, but almost won over by his sister's petite little hands wandering closer and closer to his cock. Drawing sharply inwards as her hand slid over his crotch, he watched her cast an eye over her shoulder, her initial nerves turning into animalistic confidence. "Really, big boy… Too weird? Yeah, too weird. It's nice to know that my brother isn't kinky enough to have sex in front of people. Fine, where do you suggest? My dorm's full and I'm guessing yours is too?" Ginny said, pulling her hands away from his crotch and watching his annoyed reaction. Her mind was such a haze that she forgot about the corridor and her many sex nooks, instead focussing on getting Ron into a position where she could fuck him. "I don't know… Erm… It's late, there could be a place outside?" Ron suggested, thinking through his crotch and not his brain. Everything inside of him was screaming for him to just come up with a place so that this could continue. Her fingers had gotten so close to squeezing him just right, but he had been robbed of a proper fondle. "Outside? Maybe I was wrong about the kinky stuff. Lead the way," Ginny said, biting her lip. Truth be told, she had been hoping to experiment with public sex with Harry, however, considering the current situation, she could hardly say no. Besides, she was already going all out on the perversion scale. Might as well add another kink to the list, she thought. Ron didn't need any persuasion and almost leapt to his feet before quickly reeling in the excitement. Leading the way out of the common room, Ron led the sprint down the Grand Staircase, avoiding anyone who would catch them out of bed and finding the way to the Old Wooden Bridge and down towards Hagrid's Hut. It was by instinct that he decided to go this way and as they staggered towards the standing stones, Ron wondered exactly where was best to have sex outside. It seemed like a stupid question. If you were going to have sex outside, surely anywhere would do. But everywhere seemed rocky and uneven, with the forest being the only place that offered some protection from the post-winter chill. Not wanting to appear unconfident in front of his sister, he led her down the way, pretending as if he had some secret sex spot in a vain attempt to impress her. Even though that was hardly what she was after. With her cock throbbing painfully between her legs, she wanted nothing more than to just get going. She needed to be balls deep in something and she was fighting the urge to tackle him and just get what she wanted. Ducking into the tree-line, they walked for a bit until Ron came across a small patch that seemed somewhat suitable and lacking in any sharp objects. He didn't have to say a thing because as soon as he ground to a halt, his sister's hand grabbed his ass, pulling him around to face her. Swiftly, he was swept along with Ginny's sexual current, her crotch pressing against his as she leaned forwards and drew him in for a kiss. Were Ginny thinking straight, the concept of kissing her brother would have caused her to feel queasy, but in the sex-fuelled and horny state, the passion boiled inside her belly and she felt her body sweep her away. Pulling her lips away, she looked up at a startled and astounded Ron and smiled salaciously, "Now be a dear and suck me off…" "Right away…" Ron breathed, enthralled immediately. His legs bent, and he slid down onto his knees in front of her crotch, his eyes coming face to face with the throbbing bulge that pressed against her already tight-fitting jeans. Unbeknownst to Ginny, she was also fulfilling his domination fantasy, as with her stern words and forceful demeanour she was making Ron's cock twitch violently. Unbuttoning her jeans, she dropped them to her ankles, her white cotton panties unable to control her cock. As soon as her jeans were out of the way, her cock sprung free of her panties, the garment slipping down to her thighs of its own accord, revealing her pulsating cock, the head soaked in pre-cum and almost dripping with arousal. Ron didn't need further prompting. Throwing away any hopes of remaining somewhat subtle with his eagerness, he leant forwards and wrapped his lips around the first quarter of his sister's cock, tasting her pre-cum as it lathered his eager tongue. Moaning softly around her cock, he let his tongue curl and lavish every inch that was inside his mouth, her tip prodding hungrily at the back of his throat. The groan of satisfaction that subsequently came from Ginny was something truly special. Her knees almost buckled at the simple sensation of a warm, wet mouth and she was almost embarrassed that she was affected in such away. The pleasure was insurmountably accentuated by her extended period of abstinence. The breaking of the proverbial flood-gates almost caused her to cum there and then, but she forced it back. Even though it would make this quicker and easier, the perverted side of her kind of wanted to see what had Hermione so interested. And she didn't want to nervously explain that Ron had to continue sucking her off after she had already cum. "Mmm, fuck… Hermione has you trained nice and proper. Don't need to mess around with you, eh? It's just drop to you knees and get to it. Sometimes I wish it was easy as that with Harry… Oh," Ginny moaned, watching her brother eagerly as he pushed his lips forwards, easily swallowing and taking her deeper into his throat. Half of her cock pushed past his plump lips, his tongue continuing to dart back and forth along the underside of her shaft as he eagerly plunged further down. Inch after inch slipped inside his slick throat, until he finally nestled his nose in the soft ginger tuft of hair above her cock, his lips stretched tightly around the base and with her heavy, cum-filled balls smacking against his chin, "And all in one? I can't believe you've kept this from me this whole time." Slowly, he began to draw his lips back and forth, pulling them along her shaft with ease. His proclivity for oral had treated him well, his lips leaving her cock slick and sloppy. With her cock being lovingly attended too, Ginny decided to get a little more comfortable. Her rising chest and hot body needed exposing. Pulling her jumper up over her head, she shed the t-shirt she was wearing and with a little work managed to toss her bra to one-side. Her soft and supple breasts bounced free, leaving her almost entirely naked. Her nipples instantly hardened in the cool spring air and she immediately grasped one between fingers, breathing sharply inwards as the cold air attacked them. The sight caused Ron to stop his suckling, his eyes becoming infatuated with his sister's chest, in all it's glory. "Come on. Keep at it. Don't make me regret this already…" Ginny ordered, threading her hand through his hair and pushing him sharply downwards, prompting him to resume his eager, hungry slurping. She adored his sloppier approach to sucking cock, with each bob of his head leaving her cock slicker and stickier, saliva even smearing itself across his chin as her balls were doused in the substance and readily smacked his moving face. All that was without mentioning the sheer consistency of his deepthroating. The urge in her belly wanted her to grab his head and force him down harder, but his steady, swift and deep movements were near perfectly in sync. That and the soft suckling sounds that were now filling the forest were a symphony upon her ears. His throat might be able to take her entire length, but that didn't stop him from unleashing several gags and splutters with each deep plunge. Ron continued eagerly, not wanting to disappoint his little sister in a strangely perverse way. He was well beyond pretending to even care about the fact that he was having sex with his sister. With her cock in his mouth, he figured that there was nothing he could say that would able to convince anyone that he wasn't into this. And he was. He would forever love Hermione, but when it came to the sheer erotic capability of having a cock in his mouth, there was none that that he wanted more than her silky shaft. It was nothing to do with her actual physical appearance, though that was what he had reduced his feelings to. And it certainly wasn't because he especially loved his sister, because whilst he was fond and protective of her, that was it. It was the perverse nature of having sex with her. He adored domination and being fucked rough and hard. But he had finally come to the realisation that incest was there as well. It wasn't her body, it was the fact that she was his sister. With that realisation firm in his mind, he continued to suck her off. If anything, his coming to terms spurred him on more and reaffirmed his desire to taste his sister's sweet cum. Moaning around her cock, he lunged his hands upwards, furiously jerking her cock off whenever it wasn't submerged inside of him whilst also squeezing and massaging her balls fanatically. Ginny felt his enthusiasm immediately and raised an eyebrow. She wondered if she was playing into a fantasy but ignored it. She looked at her brother as another cock. Didn't matter if they shared blood. And if their familial relationship got Ron off, who was she to judge. It meant that she got a better blowjob, so she could hardly complain. Especially considering what followed. Pulling his lips away from her cock, he let the cold air rush over her slick, sloppy shaft, his hands latching themselves onto her hips. Pushing her backwards, Ron crawled forwards on his knees after her until her back hit a tree. Startled, she watched as Ron forced her to turn around, tugging her ass backwards and into reach of his hungry, prying hands and even hungrier prying tongue. Uninhibited by his nerves, he grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled them roughly apart, his fingers digging into her soft pliable flesh, leaving red marks in her delicate white skin. Revealing her tight, puckered pink arsehole, Ron ran his thumbs over the sensitive entrance, gauging Ginny's reaction. The onslaught of amicable moans meant only one thing and incurred only one reaction from Ron. Not sparing any further expense, Ron lunged forwards, his tongue immediately jamming its way up inside her asshole, finding it's way deeper and deeper inside. Ginny's ass gave away like butter to a hot knife, with Ron's tongue worming and squirming easily into the sumptuously sensation and pleasurable spots buried inside her tight hole. Moaning, Ginny pushed back onto Ron's face, her breathing growing ragged as Ron's tongue found pushed into that last inch, his tongue poking into her lower back and his lips pressed snugly around her puckered hole. The taste of his sister was divine and whilst he would forever prefer the salty, muskiness of pre-cum and more importantly cum, he made an exception for Ginny, wanting the young girl to moan and squirm in the perfect way. Grinning, Ginny felt Ron's firm fingers let go of her cheeks, her bum bouncing back into place and playfully clapping against his face. With Ron's hands free, Ginny felt them curve around her thin thighs, pulling her slender legs backwards and forcing his tongue deeper inside her. However, she was happily surprised when his hands moved further on, as Ron had no trouble with getting his probing tongue deep enough. Instead, he wrapped those empty hands around her waist, snaking them round to her sensitive, throbbing cock. One hand grasped her cock, clumsily beginning to jerk it off at the awkward angle, whilst the other once again found her balls. Coating his palm in saliva, he slickened the soft massage to her sack, ultimately making it all the more pleasurable and eliciting a deep groan of satisfaction and, more importantly, a moan of completely infatuation from his young sister. They were both in it together and couldn't care less about what it meant for their relationship. They just wanted to cum. Pushing deeper, Ron managed to graze up against his sister's prostate, the girl clutching the tree in front of her as he orally attacked her sweet spot. His tongue wasn't that long, but he managed to flick back and forth across it with exceptional dexterity, hungrily lavishing it in anyway he possibly could. Not wanting to waste the insanely perverse situation he was in, he devoured and savoured his sister's delicious hole, absolutely relishing the way her cock throbbed and twitched in each of his hands. Each lick he gave her prostate caused her shaft to spasm, pre-cum pouring like a fountain from her tip, flooding across his hands and leaving them an even stickier mess. His own shaft begged to be touched, but he focussed on his sister, his selfless submission being infinitely more erotic in his mind. Every deep found desire in his body wanted his sister to force his tongue deeper inside of him, but he settled for simply being able to gorge himself on something he thought so out of reach in his life. The forest was filled with the soft and lustful moans that dribbled constantly from Ginny's lips, her eyes rolling closed. Any doubts she had about shagging her brother had completely disintegrated after his talented tongue was let loose on her body. Perhaps it was the heightened sense of arousal from her need to cum, but even the misguided licks from Ron's tongue that slipped out from within her and hit her cheeks were immensely pleasurable, his oral abilities leaving her somewhat stunned. Pushing back onto Ron's face, she silently adored the way her cheeks folded around his face, smothering and engulfing him in her arse. Glancing behind herself, she was surprised at how he cock pulsated at the sight of her rosy cheeked brother buried inside her ass, lapping and licking at her depths. She couldn't exactly pinpoint it, but she felt some degree of arousal from the incestual nature of their encounter. And with those thoughts rushing through her mind, she decided that she needed to fuck or be fucked, "Oh fuck… Right, Ron. How are we going to do this? You in me or me in you?" Ginny said, pulling away from Ron and turning around. Leaning back against the tree, entirely naked, she began to lazily jerk herself off, watching as Ron made up for lost time, swiftly stripping down himself. First came his shirt, and Ginny's eyes widened at his surprising toned chest. The podgy boy she imagined was nowhere to be seen and as he dropped his trousers, revealing his fat cock, she couldn't help but raise an eyebrow. Her cock drooled into her hand, begging for more concrete pleasure. It didn't help that the first thought that came to Ginny's horny mind was how much she wanted to compare both Ron and Harry's cocks in person. Perhaps such a lewd dream wasn't impossible. Two horny teenagers and a busty redhead. Surely, they'd be down. Standing equally naked with his sister, Ron was once again lost for words, "Erm… I don't know. Do you have a preference?" "Well, considering you're the one doing me the favour, it only makes sense for you to decide in which way you do me?" Ginny grinned salaciously, coming of as surprisingly flirtatious and forward, the over sexuality of her current predicament making her almost animalistic in the way she went about it, "So how does big brother like his cock? With his sandwiched up his sister's tight little bottom? Or with his little sister railing him from behind?" "Oh, Merlin…" Ron breathed as he shrunk back from his leering sister, staggering towards the nearby log and crashing onto it, looking exceptionally nervous. Bowing his head, a strange flight took over him, the peculiar scenario and partner uprooting a strange anxiety inside the boy. That combined with the seemingly innocuous question from Ginny, made her exceptionally confused. "Too weird again? Sorry. I can bend over again. I'm all… you know… ready, back there," Ginny said nervously, not managing to garner Ron's attention. Standing there uncertainly, twiddling her thumbs, her cock begging to be satiated, Ginny reeled back the sexuality and slid down next to Ron, sitting there awkwardly, "What's wrong? I mean, if this is too weird we can stop. Fucking your little sister is a little bit… weird, I suppose. Though considering half the shit that's happened this year, it almost seems tame…" "What do you and Harry do? When, you… you know? Shag?" Ron asked, causing Ginny to look at him stunned and exceptionally confused. Uncertain as to what to say, Ginny tried to catch Ron's gaze once more, but found him staring unendingly at the floor of the forest. "Erm… That's a weird question. I don't know, we're pretty versatile. I suppose I'm kind of bottom more often than him, but it's never like a thing we set. Why exactly are you asking about your best friend and little sister's sex life? Unless that's like… what gets you off. I don't judge. People have eclectic tastes and if you want to picture Harry like that, then…" Ginny began rambling, her nerves taking over and causing her to simply talk. She was desperate for sex and didn't want to put Ron off anyway as he was the most secure bet she had to getting an orgasm. "No, no! It's not like that… It's just… I don't know. You hear stories and stuff. You know? That… Seamus… Harry… Hell, probably even Neville… They are… You know? Like, normal and stuff. They like it normal and normal… things? It doesn't matter. No, it's strange and stupid, just…" Ron stammered again and again, his words drawing some form of concern from Ginny, enough that she curbed her lust for sex and leaned closer. "No, what's up. Come on, Ron. If fucking your sister is alright, then talking to her will be a cake-walk. I'm listening," Ginny smiled kindly, her hand curling around his shoulder and pulling him closer in the cool early year air. The forest offered enough protection so as to not freeze them to death, but the added warmth was welcome in more ways than simply physically. "Right… You know I have no problem with witches having… you know… cocks," Ron said, struggling to find a way to say the word cock in front of his sister. It was alright when they were in heightened sex drive mode, but in a conversation, it still struck him as peculiar and weird. "I'd hope so. After seeing the way, you suck dick, I'd be worried if it did bother you," Ginny joked, receiving a grimace from Ron. Confused, she reeled it back and asked, "What's wrong with that?" "Everything… I like… I like doing that stuff. I like sucking cock and being fucked by someone else. I like it hard and rough, no mercy kind of stuff. But… That's… Weird. Even for this world. I mean men are supposed to not bend over and take it. And especially not like it. How the hell I managed to wrangle a girl like Hermione when I'm like this, I'll never know," Ron vented, causing Ginny to smirk in bemusement, "Something funny?" "Yeah. The fact that your worried about girls not liking a more submissive guy is quite funny. From experience, even if you didn't have your preferences, Hermione's still the one wearing the trousers. You don't have to worry about that kind of stuff with her. Besides, half the girls at this school would kill for a guy who didn't want to ram them up against the wall. It can get a little tiring you know," Ginny comforted, rubbing his shoulder. "Tell me about it… But… I still can't shake that feeling you know. It just doesn't feel right. It's bad enough having to listen to Seamus tell us all about the girl's he shagged and all the intimate details," Ron growled, the late nights in their dorm being especially annoying. "Listen; chances are Seamus hasn't even laid eyes on a girl's thigh, let alone their cock. And if he were to take one up the ass, I'd bet he'd be a bigger cock slut than both us put together. Trust me, guys like Seamus would fucking beg to be shagged like that. Closest thing to sex he'll actually get. Everyone has their preferences. I… kinda like the idea of having two… up there, you know. Never actually done it, but… well, it sounds like fun," Ginny admitted, causing Ron to raise an eyebrow, " Fuck who you want, how you want. Gag on cock or get fucked till you can't walk. Ain't nothing wrong with that. And the thing about Hermione… Well, anything you do, she'll probably be the one behind you in the queue." "She is quite the… experience…" Ron breathed, chuckling to himself as Ginny's hand slid down from his shoulder, clamping around his thigh. Before he realised, her hand was snaked around his cock. Looking up, he met her salacious grin with a look of trepidation. "Enough talk about other people. Get up, bend over, and let you little sister fuck your tight little arse with her big, massive cock until the sun comes up," Ginny growled sexily, Ron's eyes lighting up at the offer. His cock twitched in her hand as she said those words and she knew she was finally about to have a chance to sheathe her cock. The eagerness in Ron's eyes could not be overstated. It would seem her perverse pep-talk had had the desired effect and she was about to fuck her older brother. Fleur and Gabrielle truly had it right. Rising to his feet, Ron took Ginny's place against the tree, propping himself up and pushing his ass out towards her. Thrilled to receive such a delicious offer, Ginny rose to her feet and strode up behind him, gently jerking her cock, smearing what remained of Ron's saliva along her shaft. Spreading his taut cheeks, she spat a mouthful of saliva down onto his slightly agape hole, rubbing it in as she received a moan of approval. Her fingers were replaced by her throbbing cockhead and in unison the two of them moaned. Pushing forwards, Ginny slipped a couple inches into his eager hole, his arse not stopping her in the slightest. The need for lube seemed optional as she carved through him with ease, sliding every inch of thick and pulsating length into his clutching ass, his bum cheeks smacking against her crotch and their balls colliding with a soft and delicate smack. Savouring the delight of being submerged inside someone else, especially in her current desperation, Ginny gently stroked his soft, fuzzy ass cheeks, getting used to the new sensations of incest, her heart beating and her lust hungry. Fighting the urge to instantly pump his tight ass full of cum, she waited a moment, knowing her orgasm was close. Slowly, but surely, she began to draw her hips back, even the slightest movements pushing her towards her orgasm. She had every intent of hammering her brother for hours on end, but the pretence of the situation made it so that such a likelihood would remain out of reach. She wanted to make her big brother cum and cum hard, all the while assuring him that the life of a good ol' fashioned butt-slut was not gender exclusive and in fact a noble avenue for intimate sexual pounding. The idea of having access to such a cock-hungry set of holes for the first portion of the holiday made her mind unravel with the sheer number of lewd possibilities in her mind. Countless hours and evenings of raw, unending fucking that would make even the biggest whores jealous. But now, her mind turned back to the situation before her and the torrent of pent-up cum that was about to be unloaded. "Mmm… Sorry Ron, but I'm about to… Oh, fuck," Ginny groaned, the sensitive nature of her cock hitting it's peak as she thrust back into his ass, the orgasmic feeling rushing over her body. Before Ron could realise, he felt it, her cock gushing deep into his arse, pumping him to the brim with thick cum. It was a proverbial torrent, with it seemingly never-ending. It had been so long since she had been starved of sex that she forgot how powerful such orgasms could be. Her legs went weak as she clung to her brother's hips, keeping herself impaled inside of him until the last bead dribbled inside of him and her deflated cock slipped out of him, her body breathless and requiring a seat. "Well, that was… anticlimactic. Glad I could help you out though. What else are brother's for?" Ron smiled meekly, grabbing one his socks and using it to clean himself up, deciding that it was better to sully a sock than to have cum rolling down his legs. "What do you mean? You sound like you think this is over?" Ginny said as she swept her hair back and wiped her brow. With a wry and devilish grin, she looked up at the confused Ron, her cock already beginning to gain some steam back, but not enough to fuck. "I helped you out? You've been… satiated. If we continued that would mean…" Ron began, to awkward to finish the sentence. Ginny smirked, sliding up onto her feet, she walked over to her brother, wrapping her hands around his neck and half-dangling from him. "That would mean that we would want to. No excuses to hide behind," Ginny purred, leaning forwards and pressing her lips firmly against his, for the first time kissing her brother without the lumbering sense of desire between her legs. She wasn't exactly wanting to make snogging him a regular occurrence, but this moment deserved it. Their tongues reached into each other's mouths, playfully battling for dominance as Ron's hands rested on her hips. Smiling into the kiss, Ginny reached down and guided his hands further, encouraging them to clamp themselves on her ass. Giggling, she pulled back with a smile, "And would that really be so bad?" "No… Not at all," Ron smirked in response, pulling her close, their cocks pressing against each other, not sensually enough to bring Ginny to full mast quite yet. As the moment set in, there was suddenly a sound echoing from the forest. What sounded like a deep growl, eventually became distant voices, muttering and speaking in a nearby clearing. Startled at first, Ron went for his clothing, but Ginny simply looked at him with surprise. "What? Afraid of being seen naked with your sister? Don't you want to go have a look? We might see something interesting? Could be some people like us? I'm always up for a little bit of voyeurism," Ginny suggested. With one leg down his jeans, Ron looked at her with a smile. His little sister was a slut. Normally, he wouldn't be okay with that, but considering how he was privy to her slutty tendencies, he could hardly complain. Sighing, he dropped his jeans and followed after Ginny, the two of them stalking through the underbrush in search of the voices, their figures hidden by the thick trees and the darkened shadows lingering through the forest. "Why must we do zis 'ere in ze forest? Surely your cabin would be more appropriate," a French voice commanded, the two redheads stooping low to the ground as they neared the clearing. Peering through the foliage, they saw who the voice belonged to, seeing the towering half-giant reclining on a large blanket drinking from a large goblet of wine. "My cabin ain't hardly big enough fer us to do that. We could go back to yer carriage, if ye want. But, I don't know. Kinda romantic in a way, eh?" the second voice said. Hagrid. The half-giant quickly joined Maxime on the blanket, the two clinking their glasses together, Maxime smiling rather intently as Hagrid bumbled about. "Bah. Zat 'ore of a woman 'as arrived. Ze Delacour woman. Pah, a ghastly woman. Blonde, prim and 'igh on 'er own ego… I would much rather us do zis in ze mud zan anywhere near 'er," Maxime purred, her fingers trailing through Hagrid's beard, worming their way lower and lower, her smirk turning sexual as she lifted herself onto her knees besides the man, her hand curling towards his massive crotch, the bulge incredibly noticeable. "We don't have to watch this now do we?" Ron muttered beneath his breath, averting his eyes as Maxime unbuckled their Groundskeeper's trousers, firmly tugging them downwards, struggling to work them over what must be a gargantuan length. "Shush… If you want me hard again, the best way is by having a little watch. Besides, aren't you curious? Two half-giants? They could probably club people to death if they tried," Ginny said, hunching next to a tree and looking with eager eyes. Of course, almost every single girl at Hogwarts had wondered just how giant's blood would affect someone. It was always that subtle undertone that people never discussed, but always wondered. She was sure that a few girls had probably tried to suss it out, but she never got a clear answer. All hearsay and rumours. And the curiously perverse thoughts in her mind wanted to know just what Hagrid was packing. Not for any practical reasons, but simply out of wanting to know just how big they could get. Finally, Hagrid's sizable length burst free, flopping down against his thigh, allowing Madame Maxine to wrap both her hands around the enormous length. Ginny's eyes widened as she watched the woman slowly jerk Hagrid off, his length dwarfing even that of the ring's enlarging capabilities. She wasn't entirely sure she would be able to fit such a large length inside her, but the thought of trying made Ginny's cock twitch between her legs, slowly hardening as Maxine jerked him slowly off. Grinning at the length, Maxime seemed thrilled with it's throbbing length, lowing her lips towards the head. Luckily, considering her giant stature, it wasn't obscenely big in comparison to her, but watching things play out from Ginny's point of view was intense and perversely gratifying. Opening her mouth, Maxime swallowed several inches of his length, the thickness stretching her lips tighter than ever before, the bulbous head prodding the back of her throat, threatening to push through and choke the woman somewhat. She focussed on those first few inches, bobbing her head back and forth, drooling as much saliva as was possible in order to slicken her hands and made her blowjob a little easier. Moaning softly, she gargled around his cock, swallowing what pre-cum he offered whilst ignoring the rising erection between her own legs. She was sizable as well, a detriment in many ways. There were very few women even in France who could actively attend to her throbbing size, meaning that she was reduced to crude blowjobs and minimal pleasure. Occasionally, she'd take someone inside of herself, but the size disparity meant that it was rarely as pleasurable as she wanted. But the thought of ever inch of Hagrid's cock being sunk inside of herself was enough to make her quiver inside. That lustful desire to have him inside of her, not because of who he was, but simply the sheer size of his cock, prompted Maxime to attempt to lube him up sufficiently. Pushing her lips to the breaking point, she eagerly swallowed his length deeper into her throat, her body convulsing and spasming in response, fighting the thick intruder. She didn't care. If anything, it helped as the stray saliva that she spilled along his length only served to lubricate him even further, all in preparation for an intense fuck. Groaning in response, Hagrid laid a hand on her head, pushing her a little further, coaxing her into taking more, which she eventually managed. Her throat bulged, looking on the verge of exploding as she reached the halfway mark, her cheeks puffing out and her eyes almost watering. Humming around his length, she dribbled more saliva over his shaft before plucking her lips entirely away, sliding the slippery cock out of her throat and gasping for air, "C'est magnifique!" Quickly, she unbuttoned the front of her dress, peeling it over her shoulders and letting her pert breasts bounce free. They appeared somewhat massive, even though compared to the rest of her, they were somewhat petite. Hagrid's hand went to squeeze one, his hand only covering a little off it and putting the size difference into perspective. Shimmying the rest of the dress down and along her body, she kicked it to one side, standing naked in the forest, her own cock thick and hard. She had half the mind to ask him to return the favour, but Maxime just wanted to be fucked in a satisfying way. Jerking herself a few times, she spit onto her hand and reached behind herself, smearing the lubricant across her puckered ass, dipping a finger into her rear to ensure she was ready. Not wasting any time, she straddled Hagrid, facing away from him and flaunting her pert bum to the half-giant. With his cock sliding up against hers, Maxime moaned to herself, squatting above the sizable cock, shifting it so that the head was rested against her tight asshole, ready to be thrust inside of her. Watching intently, Ginny saw Maxime's tight puckered asshole slowly give away, the first bulbous inch of Hagrid's cock slipping inside the woman. Muttering in French, she continued to ease herself downwards, taking more and more of the obscene length inside her. Her moans became garbled gibberish as after so long she finally received the good proper shaft that she was in need off. Not bothering to slowly build up to taking it all, she simply let her hips sink downwards, sliding eventually all of his thick veiny cock into her pert little ass. When her bum cheeks pressed against his legs, her cock flopping downwards, spilling a constant stream of pre-cum from her pleasure riddled tip, Maxime groaned happily, her hands shooting to her breasts and massaging them firmly, "Mon dieu… C'est… C'est… Oh my fucking god…" Those words were what caused Ginny's cock to spring up between her legs, her hand dropping down to gently jerk herself off, watching as Maxime began to lift her body up and down, dragging her arsehole along his length, savouring each inch as it stretched her to new levels. She didn't build much of a rhythm, instead continuous lifting herself up until only the tip remained, waiting a moment before doing the same all the way back down. It lacked the speed and fervour to be called a steady rhythm, but it was infinitely pleasurable to the French half-giant, who was In desperate need for a monumental orgasm after years of meek pleasures. Hagrid was rendered breathless as Maxime took control, using his cock for her own desires whilst sandwiching his cock inside an immensely tight hole. It had been too long in Hagrid's life as well since he had had a good shag. There weren't exactly many great opportunities for such things at Hogwarts, so to have a gorgeous French dame bouncing happily on his cock was somewhat of a triumphant treat. One he savoured immensely. "You aren't going to get any harder so come on… It's getting weird," Ron whispered in Ginny's ear, the discomfort of watching a friend of his fucking making him a little unsettled. Turning to Ron, Ginny conceded. The throbbing shaft that was in her hands wasn't going to tend to itself and she felt a little bad leaving Ron unfinished. Besides, she really wanted to fuck him properly. "Right, come on then… Let's get back to our spot…" Ginny groaned, turning and following Ron through the thick bushes. Once out of distance from the half-giant lovers, to the point their moans and grunts were mere whispers in the wind, the two stretched their legs, weaving their way through the trees and back towards the small clearing. Walking a little further behind Ron, Ginny found her eyes to be latched onto his arse, the round cheeks jiggling as he walked. He had quite the ass, plump and round, perfect for fucking. Twitching between her legs, her cock begged for action and with the two of them clear enough from the forest's other occupants, Ginny decided to test the waters as to how rough and hard Ron liked it. Closing the distance between her and Ron, Ginny grabbed his hips, pushing him up against a tree and pinning him in place with her body. Her crotch pressed firmly up against his ass, her cock slipping between those soft cheeks of his, grazing against his agape asshole. Moaning at the sensation, Ginny kept Ron in place, gently sliding her hips back and forth, lazily fucking his bum, but not daring to give him the satisfaction of being impaled just yet. Confused, Ron tried to free himself, but found himself trapped, "Gin! What the hell?" "Shut up, bitch. I'm going to see just how rough you like to take. I'm going to find out how much a cock-hunger cock-sleeve my big brother truly is. And you are going to moan like a little whore as your little sister bends you over and uses you like a sex-toy…" Ginny purred in his ear, gently kissing the back of his neck as Ron melted into her hands, becoming that submissive toy he enjoyed being so much, "Is that something you want?" "Yes…" Ron breathed, closing his eyes and pushing backwards onto Ginny's cock, hoping to pierce himself with the fat tip of her shaft. However, instead, Ginny lifted her hands and roughly slapped Ron's ass cheeks, leaving bright red hand-prints on those gorgeous cheeks of his. "I'm sorry? I couldn't quite hear you," Ginny growled sexily, teasing Ron even further by guiding the head of her cock up against his asshole, pressing the tip into his puckered hole and holding the pleasures that it would provide hostage. Grinning, she waited for the answer, her own cock begging to be submerged inside of him. Her carnal lust cared little for the games she was playing and simply wanted to be satiated once again. "Oh yes! Fuck your big brother," Ron begged, almost whimpering. Those words pushed Ginny over the edge and she slipped forwards, easing half of her cock inside Ron's ass, her cum lingering inside of him and adequately lubricating that first thrust. Groaning in unison, the two of them held each other close, Ginny pressing her buxom chest up against Ron's shoulders, holding him tight and closer, her erect nipples poking into his skin. With half of herself inside, she spared no expense in hammering herself home, her balls gently smacking against Ron's as the two connected once again at the waist and ass, only this time, Ginny's orgasm was on the distant horizon, and she had a lot of damage to impart on her brother's tight little hole. Grabbing his hips, she drew herself sharply backwards before instantly hammering back inside, the thundering crack of their bodies colliding echoing through the woods. Ron grunted, his lips parted as she lodged herself back in his ass, and as he tried to adjust to it, she drew back once again, sliding every rigid, veiny inch out of him, all before thrusting back inside; all with a tempo and fervour that rendered his knees weak. His hands clung to the tree in front of him, steadying himself and Ginny jack-hammered back and forth, slamming in and out of him, her cock pounding his puckered ass and leaving a firm and noticeable impact. Moaning herself, Ginny let her dishevelled hair fall across her face, her eyes focussed on Ron's rear end, infinitely enamoured by the sight before her. The way his plump arse cheeks jiggled with each thrust, the way his asshole warped and shifted to adjust to her cock slipping in and out, her length sliding with ease, in and out of his eager, hungry ass. She never would have thought her brother to be such a butt-slut, but now that she was balls deep in his clutching hole, she would have it no other way. All the possibilities flooded her mind, possibilities that would never swing as easily with Harry. Whips and chains, latex and leather… So many perverse and delicious options. So many avenues of pleasure and domination. Biting her lip, she lost herself in her own fantasies, her cock singing with pleasure, each smack echoed by the grunted moan from Ron's gritted teeth. His sister didn't let up and he adored it. He had come to terms with his preferences a fair while back but lacked the proper means to get a good hard fucking. Paravti and Padma helped a little but didn't satisfy that carnal lust that he wanted. He wanted to confess to Hermione what he wanted her to do, but he could never bring himself to tell her to abuse him in ways that she couldn't imagine. It wasn't that he was a bitch, but he adored being used in that sense. Only in sex though. It was a fantasy, a charade. He wanted to be dominated in the bedroom, or rather, the forest. His eyes rolled closed as he savoured the crushing thrusts of Ginny's cock, sandwiching his sensitive prostate between her fat cockhead and the walls of Ron's asshole. Her hands grabbed and pulled at whatever flesh she could find, using it to get deeper inside of him, leaving red hand marks over his body where she roughly tugged at his body. Ron's own cock had been hard for a few moments but softened as soon as she brought herself up to speed. Not that he wasn't aroused, it was just the overwhelming pleasure from his clutching ass rendered that divined by his cock useless. Slamming again and again, Ginny eventually slid her hands up to his shoulders and got a better anchor to drive herself deeper into his ass. The pleasure cascading through both their bodies was intense, the two of them building steadily towards that blissful orgasm. Luckily, after a year of sex, the two of them had built up somewhat of a tolerance, allowing them to indulge in a lengthy, hardcore session. Groaning and grunting in tandem, the two of them began to work up a sweat, even the cool air of the night not being able to stop that warm glow from gracing their skin. Pushing back onto Ginny's thrusts, Ron pressed his forehead against the trunk of the tree, feeling his prostate being milked for all it's pleasurable worth. Ginny, high on pleasure and the eroticism of the situation, snaked her hand up to Ron's head, grabbing his hair and tugging it sharply backwards, "You like your little sister's big cock? Yeah? Tell me how much you love it." "Oh I fucking love it… I love it so much," Ron groaned in response, the simple mention of their incestual relationship making his cock throb and twitch. Both of them didn't want to admit how much the fact that they were siblings was arousing them to the next level. The taboo made It all the kinkier and hearing those words from each other, a recognition of the other's enjoyment of the ultimate taboo was immensely pleasurable, to the extent that it finally pushed Ron over the edge, his softened cock spurting several hefty strands of cum along his thigh and down his leg, a couple spraying across the foliage beneath them. Ginny felt his orgasm before she saw it, with his ass clenching down around her cock, massaging it with a new intensity that pushed her over her own limit as well. A few clumsy thrusts into his tightened arse and Ginny spilled a meek, second orgasm inside of him, ultimately having been spent from the previous encounter. Moaning as she milked herself dry, she eventually pulled out, breathless. And with one last slap to Ron's ass, slumped down against a nearby tree, allowing Ron to collect himself, "You're not half bad at being a power bottom. I mean… Most people buckle after the first few thrusts." "It's a weird compliment, but thanks I suppose. You're certainly… thorough," Ron stammered in response, wincing as he walked a few steps, adjusting to the new ache in his ass from the passionate session, an ache that was ever so slightly pleasurable in his mind, "Thanks for… for earlier. I needed to hear that from someone else." "No bother. What else are siblings for if not the occasional pep talk and a fuck every now and again," Ginny joked, hauling herself up onto her feet and clapping her brother on the shoulder, smiling wildly as the two chuckled at the situation. "You mean this is going to be a regular thing? I might need a couple days to recuperate…" Ron joked, the two of them moving through the forest in search of their clearing and their discarded clothing, the cold air of the night beginning to bite at them. "Well… I'm always going to need help with relief. It would be nice to know that regardless of everything that's going on, I'd always be able to rely on someone. You know, a brother? Besides, you can hardly say you didn't enjoy it," Ginny smirked as the two rounded a group of trees and staggered into the clearing. "True, but let's not… Wait a minute," Ron breathed as they came to the fallen tree, finding nothing but dirt, twigs and pinecones littered across the ground. Their clothing was gone, and they had no chance of getting back into the common room undetected. That's all without mention the fact that they were now going into the weekend, meaning that it would be even more impossible to sneak back into their quarters without the entire faculty seeing their cocks. Panicked, Ron turned to Ginny, "We're fucked…" "Not again…" Ginny breathed, remembering the time that she had to walk through the common room half naked following the first time she fucked Harry in the ass. Turning to Ron, she received a strange look, one that she brushed to one side, "I'll tell you some other time. Let's at least get back to the castle. I know a place we can crash." Author's Note: Hope you all enjoyed that. As I was writing this, I received a review that I think warranted a public response. Someone essentially claiming that I don't care about this story, but I still have time to write commissions for money, ultimately ensuing that that's all I care about. Which I think is a little unfair. However, I wanted to explain my situation a little more in depth. I'm a freelance writer, which essentially means that I get hired by people to write, edit and so and so for them. So, me taking on commissions for fanfiction isn't me saying that I don't care about writing this story. I'm able to devote time to commissions because they are paying for that time that I would otherwise use for freelancing. It's not me selling out, it's me doing my job, but through a different avenue. I also find the idea that I don't care about this story anymore particularly annoying. This story is longer than most novels and at this point I'm trying to get it finished. Funnily enough, being a freelance writer doesn't pay a lot of money, and thus I'm working constantly. I don't want to come of as a defensive prick, but it's annoying to get unfair criticism such as that. Call me a dickhead and saying my writing is crap but insinuating that I don't care about something which I've devoted a lot of time to is a bit of a low blow. Regardless, I hope you did in fact enjoy. I am actively looking for new commissions as they do allow me more free time than my other work. So, if you have a bit of money to spend, get in touch. It is really quite helpful. And I will be posting a lot of my previous commissions here soon enough. I can't stress how much I enjoy getting positive reviews and I know asking for money is a bit of a… estranged thing to do. But it really helps. Next time, which will hopefully be soon, Apolline discovers another of the notebook's hidden mysteries and uses it to instigate a perverse challenge to her new sexual deviants, the winner of said challenge is in for a night of supreme bliss. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys! You will be seeing this chapter far earlier than I ever expected. This chapter is going to be long. Far closer to another Yule Ball than anything else! And I thought that I would have to skip this chapter and move onto the others that follow it in order to no delay uploads to much. This chapter would probably come out around Christmas, but… You guys happened. I got around four commissions from the previous chapter which managed, in total, to buy a week of my time, meaning I got to work solely on those commissions for a week, alongside this chapter. Which is amazing. Commissions genuinely help me and if you read this chapter and like it? Well, you figure out the rest. Commissions are still open and If you are interested, get in touch. They really do help. Also, those worried about the legality of charging for fanfiction, I appreciate the concern, but I think I'll be alright. There are far larger writers doing commissions and they haven't been swept up. It's a big grey area, but I'm going to be fine I reckon. And this story will always be on the internet in some form. Because the world deserves good smut! So, when I say commissions help, a few a week managed to cut this turnaround time from two months into two weeks. Do with that information as you will! Onto this chapter in which the absolutely gorgeous French become even kinkier. And we explore some unique pairings and unique situations. This is essentially what I call, 'day in the lives of' chapters. The Yule Ball was similar. Lot's of intertwining sex happening at the same time. They are a lot of fun to put together and I didn't want to wait for the sequel to do another. I hope you enjoy and thanks to those who got in touch about commissions. Love ya! This for you… Chapter 41: The Great Game "C'est truly Merveilleux! I cannot believe zat such a thing exists. It is all zere. From my very first to ze very last and exactly what I did with zem. Right down to ze finest details. Like whether I swallowed or spat, or if ze swallow or spit. Ze detail…" Apolline exclaimed, perusing through Hermione's notebook as she reclined in the large plush bed, Gabrielle resting against her thigh as Harry and Hermione lay at the bottom of the bed, smirking at the sheer delight on her face. Fleur was busy stoking a bath for her mother across the room, combining a unique blend of soaps and different potions to create the perfect concoction for it all. "Really? It only shows me a little detail. Doesn't specify anything," Hermione said, curious. Crawling along the bed, she flopped down next to Apolline, she allowed the blonde to stretch her arm around her, pulling her in close and cradling her close by, the two infinitely closer as the evening wound down. The estranged orgy dissipated, with the various Beauxbatons drifting of to bed in pairs or alone, some continuing the fun in their quarters whilst others simply collapsed, exhausted. Yet the five main attractions relaxed in Apolline's rooms, casually naked and completely comfortable with it all; in fact, almost bemused by their nudity. Confused, Hermione glanced up and down the page, looking for the details that Apolline described, but found only the bare bones that she was used to. There were no intimate details about what happened with each of her encounters. There was an extensive list of names that corresponded to Apolline's many, many, many sexual encounters, but only the basic information was listed next to them. Trying to figure out exactly how it worked, Apolline quickly came up with a hypothesis. "Hmm… So, you cannot see ze information that says that… Let's see here… Your encounter with… A Miss Rita Skeeter. It says 'ere zat you, 'arry and a Ronald all had oral sex from 'er? Mmm… How interesting. Gabby, can you see ze information?" Apolline asked, letting the young girl look across the book. She quickly shook her head, prompting Apolline to muse for a moment before coming up with a reasonable conclusion, "Well, ze only thing zat is different between us is… Well, zere is age, but I doubt a book zat lists sexual acts worries about age. Perhaps one must have a certain number of sexual partners before more of ze books abilities are unlocked. Who knows what it could reveal." "Perhaps… That makes some amount of sense. Hmm, interesting," Hermione mused, taking the notebook back from Apolline and running her fingers across it's pages. It annoyed her a little that the information wasn't apparent to her, however, strangely enough, Hermione had a strange desire to… to unlock it. Perhaps it was some form of infatuation with the book or some perverse drive to prove herself to it, but she wanted to unlock it's true capacity. The thought also crossed her mind that perhaps other items had similar traits, that the Ring had powers that they had no comprehension of because they simply hadn't mastered it yet. Consumed in her own thoughts, Hermione was finally brought back to her senses by Apolline who took back the book and rolled off the bed. "Zere is 'owever… Hmm, I 'ave an idea…" Apolline smirked, brushing Gabrielle's hair from her eye and sliding her hand along Hermione's thigh, the simple touch being enough to excite the young girl and bring her cock to a hardened state, throbbing and begging for the woman's talented touch. The sight of such a pairing was enough to bring Harry to full mast and Gabrielle required next to no prompting to have her own cock grow exponentially. Simply having her mother brush her hair away from her eyes was enough to have her slavering at the bit, hoping Apolline would jump her and fuck her little girl once more. All the while, Fleur looked on an amused smirk, finding her mother's sexual capacity to be a thrilling thing to watch. That and the myriad of reaction everyone had to her. "What mozer? Something fun?" Gabrielle smiled, piping up immediately, sliding up onto her knees and revealing her eagerness, hard between her thighs. Apolline looked to the young girl admirably, stroking her cheek as she smiled hopefully. "Not for you, I'm afraid. Zis is not something for little girls like you. Ma petite fille…" Apolline purred, leaning in and giving the young girl a kiss on the lips, brief and fleeting before rolling out of the bed and walking over to the bath. Handing Fleur the book as she sank into the piping hot water, Apolline quickly took it back, making sure to not shed a single drop of water across it, holding it with divine and holy sensibilities. Both Harry and Hermione looked to the older woman, intrigued by what she was presenting. After the previous evening of intense and unforgettable pleasures, both of them were carnally interested in what the woman had to say as naturally it would lead to more completely toe-curling experiences. "A game… A great game… Since zis book can let me know about all ze sexual encounters az ze happen, perhaps we could 'ave a challenge? To have certain sexual encounters ze fastest? To have said encounters avec specific types of people. To push ze boat out in terms of comfort and truly test you sexual prowess? How does zat sound?" Apolline suggested, a truly lecherous smile on her face as she did so. Both Harry and Hermione raised an eyebrow at each other, bemused by exactly what was meant. Confused as to what they were agreeing to, they both had apprehensive reactions. "What exactly are you suggesting? I'm not entirely sure…" Harry breathed, looking to Apolline who was batted her eyelids at the boy. She had grown to particularly enjoy Harry's company, as well as Hermione's in all honesty. She liked their passion and fire. Their nerves were quick to shed themselves and they embraced the more ludicrous sexual fantasies that Apolline had. "Five challenges. Five specific challenges. And ze first to complete zem all gets a reward. Challenges like… have intercourse avec… I don't know, someone with red 'air? Simple… restrictions that force you to get creative. You two 'ave a passion for ze intimacy, a true eye for the perverse. I want to know just how… creative you can get. And of course, you ma petit Fleur," Apolline purred, clarifying and making both Harry and Hermione a little more… open to it all. It sounded like fun and the confidence with which Apolline spoke was calming. "Red hair? Pretty easy if I say so," Harry joked, nudging Hermione who smirked just as widely. Fleur however turned to Apolline and raised her own eyebrow, cocking her hips as she looked down at her lecherous and naughty mother, whose cock showed just how eager she was to entertain such fantasy. "Zat is all well and good. But I'm not going to go out zere and fuck random people for no reason. Zis reward had better be something special?" Fleur said, strolling over to the bed and flopping down between Harry and Hermione, interested in the idea, but purely for the reward. She could have sex with whoever she wanted. There was no immediate challenge in seducing anyone she wanted. She batted her eyelids, hiked her skirt up, forgot panties and accidentally dropped something. Then boom, she had what she wanted. That was a fact she learnt as a little girl. She'd need more than the thrill to make this worthwhile. "A pleazure zat is incredibly… rare. An evening avec moi and a particular item I 'ave purchase from France. I 'ave only experienced zis pleazure myself twice. And it was… ze best two nights of my life and I am reminded of zem every day. I relive zem every time I orgasm, and I would sooner die zan forget zem. You will not feel zis pleazure for ze longest of times and you do not even know it exists; likely. I know my word is all you 'ave but believe me when I say zat I would fuck a thousand people just to feel zat pleazure one more time. I was planning on sharing avec ma 'usband, but I was share it avec one of you. Ze winner, of ze great game…" Apolline purred erotically, leaning forwards in the bath and drawing an immensely perverse smile across her face. "I don't know… I don't think I could…" Harry began to stammer, immediately being cut of by someone he didn't expect. It wasn't Fleur, Apolline or even Gabrielle that interjected, but instead Hermione, who of all the people in the room, was the most eager to engage. "Come on Harry. It'll be fun. It'll push us to be better and experiment. Have to be creative to seduce people. It'll give us a reason to be more out there and evocative. It'll just be fun," Hermione said, lax-a-dazedly, smacking Harry's thigh and expecting to be agreed with. "Hermione? I don't measure myself by my ability to shag people. It's just something… you know that happens. We don't have be better at it. And we certainly don't need a reason to go after people. My goal in life isn't to have sex with the most people. I prefer… I don't know… things to have meaning? I don't want to go have sex with Daphne Greengrass simply because it would prove how talented I am seducing people. Don't you… you know want it to have meaning as well?" Harry asked, turning to Hermione and throwing a rather weighted question at her. It was something that had been brewing in Hermione as of late. She was far more forward, far more proactive sexually, but that couldn't be a bad thing. It was fun and exciting. It was the world that she was missing out on because of her bookish nature. Now that she was more sexually free, she was experiencing life how everyone else was. At least, that was her thinking in it all. "Of course. But… It's just a bit of fun? It doesn't matter. Everything doesn't have to matter. We can be allowed to have some frivolous excitement every now and then. You don't ride your broom because your always in a Quidditch Match. Sometimes, you just do it because you like to do it. It doesn't have to have a reason behind it, does it?" Hermione added rather proudly, to which Harry agreed somewhat. He was still concerned ever so slightly that Hermione was somewhat consumed by the notion that sex was the most integral part of her life; something that worried him a little, but not enough to bring up now. After all, there was the prospect that he could once again fuck her nice and hard, something which he wasn't going to sacrifice just like that. "Sure… I guess… You're right. But I don't know if this my kind of thing, you know?" Harry acknowledged, quickly being deflected by Hermione who was infinitely more eager than anyone else. Silently, Fleur was quite interested. She knew her mother and new her well. She wasn't one to exaggerate. Her words were always purposeful, and she never resorted to hyperbole. When her mother described a unique and overwhelming pleasure, she delivered, and thus naturally she was intrigued. "Come on Harry. Take part and I will… cover your homework for the first six months of fifth year? I mean if you win? If that's not incentive, I don't know what it is," Hermione argued, finally peaking Harry's interest. Pushing himself up into a sitting position, he smirked. "And half my OWL essays?" Harry suggested in order to sweeten the pot, hoping to net his entire fifth year as an opportunity to do next to nothing, all the while knowing that his future was in safe hands. With a smirk, he could see Hermione ponder it for a moment before immediately concluding that there was no way for Harry to win against both her and Fleur. In fact, everything was stacked against Hermione and Harry in this situation if she was honest. "Deal. Yeah, deal…" Hermione smirked, extending her hand and shaking Harry's, igniting a temporary rivalry that would no be easily squashed. Grinning, the two of them turned to Apolline who smiled even wider than both of them, clicking her fingers and beckoning Gabrielle to come to her. "C'est bon! Tres bon! Ma petite fille, bring me some parchment and ze quill. Trois pieces, my dear. 'ow exciting!" Apolline said, almost giddy at the prospect. Sliding the book to one side on a small stool, she waited for Gabrielle to rush back and hand her the parchment. Quickly scratching down both Harry, Hermione and Fleur's names onto respective pieces of paper, she pondered a moment, coming up with creative and intimate challenges that she could monitor from Hermione's delightful book, all under the watchful eye of Gabrielle, whose gaze watched as she conjured up each challenge, taking a mental note of each one as she came up with them. Five identical challenges for the contenders with the winner awarded a night of pure and utter bliss, "The quickest to complete all three and get back 'ere shall win. I think zis is very exciting! Now, get dressed. And I shall give you ze tasks and remember, no cheating. I will know intimately what you all do… Mon amies! Ah-ha-ha! Tres bon…" "You are not going to 'ave us embarrass ourselves mozer? I will not be parading ma arse around ze completely naked. I 'ave a reputation," Fleur asked, walking over to her dresser and plucking out a rather tight-fitting thong and matching bra. Slipping the underwear on, she muttered a small spell, allowing her heavy, lumbering cock to fit neatly behind a tiny strap of fabric, all the while maintaining her sexual allure and natural lustful prowess. Harry and Hermione dressed themselves in the neatly stacked piles of their clothing that had been brought through from the bathroom in which they were stripped, the two of them being comparatively underdressed when Fleur stood next to them in her sluttiest school uniform, of which the pieces barely covered her body. It was definitely an uphill battle, but Hermione saw this as the purest form of challenge. Her against the epitome of sexual beauty. Bookish vs bombshell. And Harry was there too… "Non, non. Nothing you 'ave not done already or… are not willing to do. Zey are very simple, if a little bit difficult. It is a game after all…" Apolline smiled, blowing on each piece of parchment before folding it and handing them to Gabrielle to deliver across the room as she enjoyed her bath. Reclining in the water, she plucked the notebook from it's place, reading it intently, recalling very fond memories of specific encounters. "Are you two ready, mon amies? Shall we count to trois, or just go? Not zat zere is much challenge," Fleur joked playfully as the three of them stood waiting, holding each of their parchments, but not daring to look. Harry had to admit, it was an entertaining idea. Not something he'd want to enjoy alone, mind you. He always thought this kind of challenge would be best suited to a double act. Him and Ginny working together. It's far harder to seduce people as a guy than it is a woman; especially when you look like Fleur, or even Hermione for that matter. "I wouldn't be so quick to assume, Miss Delacour. I think you don't have that big an advantage," Hermione smirked, looking at the blonde defensively. Cocking her hips, Fleur raised an eyebrow at the brunette, intrigued by her confidence and eager to make in interesting. "Is zat so. Zen shall we sweeten ze pot, as you English say? I will give you… I don't know… An opportunity to do whatever you want to moi? If you will offer up ze same?" Fleur suggested, offering Hermione her hand delicately, to which the girl readily agreed, shaking her hand powerfully, already imagining the multitude of things she could do with such a salacious and undoubtedly fruitful opportunity, "Magnifique. On ze count of trois. Un, deux, trois!" All three of them folded open their parchment, their eyes widening at the list of tasks given out to them by Apolline. Giving the older woman one last farewell, all three of them shuffled towards the door, buried in the parchment as they figured out exactly how to approach each task. The three of them wound their way through the carriage, Hermione grinning eagerly, Harry looking utterly baffled, and Fleur being quietly confidant. As the approached the main entrance to the carriage, all three of them came face to face with Madame Maxime who looked to them all confusedly, wondering exactly why Harry and Hermione were in her home, "Madame Delacour? What exactly is ze meaning of all zis…" "Avec respect Madame Maxime…" Fleur purred, pushing past Harry and Hermione, flashing them a wink as she strutted immediately over to her Headmistress. Without missing a beat, Fleur wink at the half-giant, sliding down onto her knees and nimbly working her fingers along the woman's dress. Finding the flap of fabric that could be pulled aside to free her mammoth cock, Fleur dipped her hand inside and freed her softened length, letting it flop free. Smiling softly, Fleur began to softly massage her teacher's cock, bringing it gently to a hardened state, all the while layering slick and sloppy kisses along her shaft, giving each in a thick coating of saliva as it arose in her hands. This wasn't the first time that this had happened of course, Fleur had performed a great deal many blowjobs for grades and other such things to the extent that she knew her oral talents were enough to make Maxime freeze in place and simply let the girl lavish her with her talented tongue. Something that was made evident by her willingness to be sucked off in-front of two other students in the middle of their communal hall. Fleur's tongue and mouth were quite something. Harry and Hermione stood frozen, enthralled by Fleur's immediacy and complete and utter lack of shame, or inability to be hampered by it. With Madame Maxime hard within her hands, Fleur lifted her weighty and sizable head to her own lips, parting them and stretched her mouth around the bulbous, throbbing head of the woman's cock. Her jaw stretched, and her lips were pulled tautly around the supple flesh, but Fleur still had adept ability at manoeuvring. Letting any and all saliva fill her mouth, dribbling along the length that dwarfed her own cock, she lubricated her shaft, making the next and exceptionally impressive part all the easier. Adjusting herself so that she was positioned slightly above the half-giant's cock, she moved into a half squat, the position being uncomfortable on her legs, but more than worth it for what she was about to attempt. Relaxing her throat, she swallowed deeply, enveloping inch after inch into her throat. After her probing tip pushed past her defences, Maxime's cock easily and almost instantly funnelled itself down her throat, pushing deeper and deeper as she lovingly and lazily pushed her lips further and further down, inching closer and closer to Maxime's crotch, her throat bulging, imprinted with the wrinkles and ridges of her cock. Whilst Fleur was uniquely talented, even she wasn't able to deepthroat ever inch of her large, pulsating cock. Although, true to form, Fleur knew exactly how far she could push herself, counting ever inch as it slipped past her lips and stopping applying pressure to her throat the immediate moment she knew she no longer could, drawing her lips back and starting to steadily bounce her head up and down the first two thirds of Maxime's cock, dragging and lavishly her length carefully with her lips. Slavering and slobbering all over her cock, Fleur used her hands to jerk off the remaining third, twisting her grip around her shaft as she squeezed and milked the shaft, doing everything she could to make the woman cum quickly. Maxime clung to the nearby wall, moaning and muttering to herself as Fleur threatened to suck her dry within minutes, all under the watch of the two Hogwarts students. Not that Maxime cared. She'd strip naked in the Great Hall if it meant a Delacour blowjob. Particularly from both of them at the same time, although such an occurrence was a rare one. Watching Fleur deepthroating her cock, she became enamoured with her perfect skin, her flawless beauty and the simple way she batted her eyelids, glancing salaciously upwards every now and again to remind Maxime just how gorgeous she was. It didn't matter if she was providing immense amounts of pleasure if there wasn't some eye candy alongside it. And as she wasn't about to whip her tits out for something as quick and trivial as a blowy, she did need to make Maxime cum quickly. Which was almost about to happen. Her cock was spasming and twitching uncontrollably, pushing against Fleur's gullet more and more as her balls gently bounced back and forth, the build up of cum threatening to torrent down Fleur's throat. Humming gently around her length, Fleur did everything she could to intensify the pleasure, even going so far as to gently use her teeth, making sure not to catch any skin in them, but adding contrasting sensations to the sublime brilliance that was her slick and sloppy throat. She was demonstrating the perfect, controlled blowjob. Whilst some were wild and erratic, drooling and dribbling everywhere, she was purposeful, almost robotic in everything she did, making sure to attack those sumptuous weak spots and truly make even the half-giant Maxime quiver at the knees, bordering on collapse. Gasping suddenly, even Maxime didn't expect to be pushed so easily over the edge, her cockhead spurting a heavy load deep into Fleur's throat. Halting in her blowjob, she breathed throat her nose, calmly swallowing whatever Maxime spilled into her throat, making sure that every dropped was swallowed before slowly unthreading her shaft from her lips, popping her softening cockhead out of her mouth. Wiping her chin, Fleur casually used her thumb to clean up any remaining saliva, rising to her feet and strutting towards to door, making sure to stop in front of Harry and Hermione, proudly winking and purring, "Un point pour moi… Au revoir et bonne chance!" And with that she left, strolling out of the carriage to continue her challenge, leaving Hermione and Harry astounded and frozen in place. They glanced over to Madame Maxime, who breathless, and with her softened cock dangling between her legs, cough and stammered, "Away you go. And speak of zis to no one…" All too happy to comply, Harry and Hermione staggered down the steps, rounding the corner of the carriage and looking up to the castle. The sun had begun to crown it's many towers, shining over the horizon and beckoning the Saturday morning into motion. They spotted Fleur already half-way up the hill, and in order to make sure the blonde didn't win, rushed after her, their parchment in their hands and the list of challenges written as follows: Un: Perform or have performed upon you, oral sex by a teacher Deux: Have sex with a redhead Trois: Be stripped naked by and kissed upon the lips, nipples, cock and asshole by someone whom you have not previously had sexual encounters with, and remain naked as you complete the next challenge of your choice Quatre: Receive a total of three facials at once Cinq: Perform a sex act you have never done before with a complete virgin And so, the great game began. Three competitors, five challenges, and unspeakable pleasures to be won. However, unbeknownst to Harry, Hermione, Fleur and even Apolline, a four person exited the carriage with the intent on completing those challenges. One that wanted nothing more than to prove herself to her mother as a true slut befitting of the Delacour name. Both Harry and Hermione had immediate strategies, planning their approach meticulously, whilst Fleur had the intention of strolling into Hogwarts and wiping each challenge off with the people she found the quickest. And true to form, she did just that, crossing one challenge off only five minutes out the gate. Everything seemed stacked in her favour, except for a few small problems, which she ran into immediately. Harry and Hermione however, weren't going to have an easy time either. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Have you seen Ron?" Hermione immediately asked as she stormed into the common room, pushing through the morning crowd in search of the boy, but finding him nowhere to be seen. Standing annoyed, she looked around behind her to see Harry fighting through the same crowd as her, shouting out for a similar redheaded partner. "Gin? Ginny? Are you here? Ginny!" Harry called, looking through the crowds that were heading for breakfast and once again not finding the Weasleys. Walking into the common-room, Harry turned to Hermione, hoping to strike a deal, "I'll send Ron to you, if you go get me Ginny?" "I could just walk up into your dorm room and find him myself? Or go up to Ginny's and find her for myself," Hermione said triumphantly, causing Harry to smirk himself as he walked up the stairs to his dorm. Leaning out over the balcony, down to Hermione, he taunted. "No Marauder's Map help for you then," Harry winked as Hermione's eyes widened. She and Fleur might have the natural advantage protruding from their chest, but when it came to trinkets and objects that made each of the challenges easier, Harry had them trumped. The map and his cloak made two of the challenges trivial, and the rest were made somewhat easier by not having to rely on luck to find them. Cursing, Hermione sprinted up to the girl's dorm, searching for Ginny, bursting into the redhead's dorm to find it empty. Flying back down the stairs, Hermione surveyed the shuffling crowds, watching as people left for breakfast. Figuring that Ginny and Ron must have already gone, she rushed off down and through the school, making her way to the Great Hall, only to be disappointed once more. Searching for a fleck of red hair, she finally spotted some, but not in the respect she hoped for. "I'm tell you, Fred… Let's just forget about Cho. Forget about it all. We have had this in our possession for far too long to not use it properly. We always talked about the Joke Shop. Imagine if we used this. We could see a lot more than simple jokes and parlour tricks," George encouraged as Fred scoffed down several rashes of bacon, watching as his brother folded through the book that pertained to the Entoxivus Vial. "A more adult section… I like it. Instead of puking pastilles, we have… Arousal Apples? I don't know, we can work on branding a little later. But we shouldn't just leave Cho…" Fred argued as Hermione made her way over, flustered at first, sliding down beside them. "We got the potion back from her, it'll be fine. What's up Hermione? Looking for something?" George asked as she glanced up and down the Gryffindor table, hoping to see Ron or Ginny nearby. She looked past the fact that she had two redheads in front of her, her mind swamped at the moment. "Have you seen Ron? Or Ginny? I really need to find them?" Hermione asked, fidgeting as Fred and George dropped their forks, looking at her with curious smirks. Hermione was driven by the desire to win this. There was so much on the line and she wanted to prove to herself that she wasn't the hoity-toity, bookish prude that everyone thought she was. She could be sexual if she wanted. "No. I swung by his dorm this morning, before folk awoke. Found it empty. Why? What's up?" Fred added, as Hermione slid immediately out of her seat, moving to walk away before she stopped. Glancing back, her eyes went to the twin's hair, her heart racing. She wanted to prove herself; this was her chance. It wasn't like she wanted to prove it to anyone else. If anything, this was strictly personal. "I need their help… Or rather… Someone's help. Erm, could one of you maybe help? Er… Come with me? Please? It's really quite important," Hermione pleaded, her initial confidence melting away as the two twins looked to one another. Nodding, they both rose to their feet, "I only need one… Ah, what the hell. Come on, quickly. I'm against the clock…" Turning, she led the two of them out of the Great Hall, glancing left and right in search of a place to take them both. Finding a broom cupboard, she hoisted the door opened, checked that they were clear before bundling the pair of them inside, closing the door behind her and immediately beginning to unbuckle Fred's belt. Stunned, he didn't dare say no, instead leaning back and affording her swifter access. Startled in a similar vein, George watched as the bushy-haired girl quickly dropped his brother's trousers, freeing his cock. Her soft and delicate hands grabbed his cock, firmly squeezing it in an attempt to breath some life into his softened length. A few swift strokes and his cock throbbed in her hand, thick and proud. Bent over, she pushed her arse against George, hoping that the boy would take some initiative and fuck her. After a few seconds of standing there dumbfounded, George was finally berated by Hermione, "Are you actually going to stand there? Get your cock out and fuck me." "Right away. I don't suppose we could ask why?" George asked as he dropped his trousers, working to unfastened Hermione's jeans before working them down over her pale, creamy, plump arse. Groaning, Hermione felt her cock pulsate and throb between her thighs, finally free of the tight confines of both panties and trousers, her ass exposed and ripe for fucking. Not that she was planning on taking much pleasure in it all. It was very much a blow and go sort of deal. "Erm… It's complicated. Let's just say that I can't find Ginny and Ron to relieve me and I'm in desperate need… You know how it is. A witch's cock is liable to explode if not satisfied on a regular basis. You're helping me… not explode," she fumbled, trying her best to come up with an excuse that wasn't exceptionally slutty. She was aware that having sex with her boyfriend's twin brothers in order to win a challenge was an incredibly whorish thing to do, but it would take forever to explain without painting her in a negative image. "They explode?" George said, his eyes widening, taking Hermione at face value. Her lips lingered near Fred's cock, about to envelop it, but being constantly stopped by the probing questions and George's inability to stuff his cock down her eager and hungry arse. "Yes, so get on with it. Fast. Don't slow down on my account," Hermione pleaded, using one of her hands to spread her cheeks apart, flashing George her gaping asshole, ready for a steady, firm fucking. Finally managing to do so, he pushed the head of his cock against her hole, drenching it with saliva beforehand. Easing the head inside of her, George easily sank himself entirely inside, hammering home without so much a wasted breath. She wasn't exceptionally loose, but George found her easy enough to fuck, all the while maintaining that perfect balance of tightness and ease of access. Immediately taken by the sensation of her asshole, George savoured it a moment, gently drawing himself back and forth, casually fucking her gorgeous little ass. The pace, however, was not to Hermione's liking and with one sharp order, she snapped, "Fuck me harder. I'm not made of glass." "With pleasure…" George grinned, relishing Hermione's eagerness. It was a strange and baffling situation, one that made little sense in his mind. But any chance for pleasure was something he'd chase. It was similar to the situation in which he first started shagging the Chasers. A chance circumstance with little meaning. Just mutual desire to fuck, with no strings attached. Although, Hermione was clear to be hiding something. Finally, she wrapped her lips around Fred's cock, sliding them down half his length, bobbing her lips clumsily up and down. She wasn't fussed with an elegant and purposeful suck, and simply wanted to lather his length with saliva, dragging her tongue across his most sensitive areas in the hope he would pop quickly. But a blowjob's a blowjob, Fred thought, leaning back against the wall and allowing her to slaver and suckle his cock, lavishing his length with a sloppy suckle. George grabbed Hermione's hips and drew himself back. Slamming forwards, he buried himself deep into her rectum, hearing the muffled grunt of pleasure echo from around his brother's cock. Without being told to stop, he continued, pounding and thrusting himself deep into her ass, savouring the way her round and fleshy bum bounced and jiggled with each thrust, the small cupboard filled with the smacking of flesh, grunts and moans. Stuffed from both ends, Hermione did her best to try and make the boys cum quickly, clenching her ass around George's cock, and forcing herself to deepthroat Fred's shaft, subsequently filling the room with wet gags and splutters, her inability to deepthroat at such a fervent and feverish place being made exceptionally apparent. Brushing her hair out of her eyes, Fred snaked his hand around to the back of her head. The two of them locked eyes, Hermione nodding proudly as she realised what he was implying. With her blessing, he drew his cock back and thrust into her throat, her gullet collapsing and allowing his fat tip to surge through her tight depths, saliva streaming along his cock and balls, as well as down her chin. His balls slapped against her slickened chin, her throat convulsing and spasming around his cock. Her hands snaked around behind him, grabbing his ass cheeks and hugging them close, pulling him deeper inside her, pushing through the discomfort in search of his orgasm. Her body shuddered with pleasure, pre-cum pouring down her cock and onto the floor, spilling onto the wood. Her arousal was incredibly apparent, bouncing and smacking against her body whenever George submerged himself in her clutching arse. Moaning loudly, she tried to let the vibrations pushed Fred over the edge, but it wasn't working. She was nowhere near her own orgasm and whilst she wanted to savour the pleasure of being jackhammered from both ends, the twins sandwiching her between the pair of them, she had four other challenges to complete, the next of which was going to be a complete and utter nightmare. A part of her wanted to savour this while it was happening as she wasn't going to enjoy the next one as much. Focussing on herself for a moment, she groaned every time George's fat cockhead squashed against her prostate, the sensation milking every sultry moan from her body. Again, and again it happened, each thrust coming harder and faster, becoming slicker as George spilled pre-cum into her tight, unlubricated ass. She tried to feel when he was about to cum but found it hopeless. She could feel every throbbing inch of his cock, with all it's ridges and veins, but she couldn't feel it pulsating and twitching into gear. Fred, however, was easy to read. The boy had had a perverse fantasy about Hermione having always found her a little cute. So, the erotic nature of seeing her plump little lips wrapped around his cock, gagging and spluttering like a hungry little cock-slut, made it so that he was on the verge of cumming. Whilst he would have liked to savour the sight a little more, he wasn't able to, hammering home and unloading a heavy mouthful of cum deep into Hermione's throat. She wasn't one for swallowing, but in this circumstance, she couldn't deny him the right, greedily guzzling it down before moaning openly, her mouth free of cock. Encouraging George, she let her filthy side spill free, "Oh, yes! Fuck me! Fuck me harder big boy! Come on! Ruin me for other men! Make me scream." Doing his best to keep up with her demands, George overstepped, his fervent pace ultimately pushing him over the edge. Pulling his cock backwards, he slapped it against Hermione's bum cheeks, using the friction of her soft creamy skin to cum hard. Spraying her ass with his seed, he drained the last few droplets between her cheeks, onto her crack before staggering backwards, breathless. Grabbing a nearby rag, she wiped herself clean, hoisting her trousers and panties back up into place. Stuffing her hard, throbbing cock back into her jeans, she winced at the constriction, but ultimately managed to fasten her jeans closed. Looking to the two breathless twins, she smiled, "Thanks lads…" "But, wait? I thought your… your cock was going to explode?" George breathed as his cock softened between his legs, dribbling cum along his thigh. Wiping her chin of saliva, Hermione stammered, looking as if she was eager to leave and get on with the task at hand. "Erm… Yeah, kind of. I think I'll be fine. Don't want to take up anymore of your time. You seem busy with your… things. See ya!" Hermione stammered before pushing out of the cupboard, leaving Fred and George there alone, the two of them displaying their cocks as they caught their breath. Unbeknownst to them, a figure walked by, propping themselves up on the doorframe, giggling at the sight. "You two enjoying yourselves? Figured you would have told me as soon as you started doing stuff together," Angelina grinned, watching as the two of them tucked themselves away, unable to stop the black woman from grinning. Her own cock throbbed at the prospect, but she denied herself the pleasure of indulgence. Instead, she simply winked at the boys and began to walk away, "You'll have to show me in person, later!" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Much to Harry's confusion, he found Ginny and Ron on the Marauder's Map, tucked away in an unnoticeable fold on the seventh floor, a fold that Harry recognised as the corridor in which he and Ginny often frequented. Having purely built his relationship with the corridor upon sex, it was jarring to see both Ginny and Ron there together and despite his best efforts to figure out what was happening, he had no idea. Setting off with the Invisibility Cloak and Marauder's Map, he wound his way to the corridor, tapping the series of bricks and entering it's ambient confines. Stopping almost immediately, he heard them talking, "Ginny! Stop! Do you really think now is the time for this?" "What? Would you rather mope around and panic about how we're trapped here, naked? Merlin's beard, Ronald. We've been here for a couple hours, we're not going to come up with a plan that isn't the same one we've already come up with; wait it out. So, we might as well pass the time?" Ginny spoke, unaware of Harry's presence. Confused even more, Harry advanced to the first room, peeking in and immediately pull away as he saw Ginny and Ron sat on the edges of the bed, butt-naked, their cocks standing proudly between their legs. This wasn't the first time he'd seen them both naked; but it was the first time he'd seen them together. Not to mention the first time he'd seen Ron… fully. Startled, he froze in place, his mind running through all the logical and innocent ways in which they could have possibly ended up together, with absolutely zero of them actually making any grounded sense. "Fine… But you're returning the favour from earlier," Ron conceded, moving around on the bed, shuffling up to the headboard and reclining as his smoking hot, salacious sister crawled closer to him, pushing her arse into the air as she arched her back, her lecherous lips leaning closer to his cock. "I thought you liked it rough? When a woman took control of you? Stuffed your holes full of cock? Don't tell me you've lost your taste for it?" Ginny purred just loud enough for Harry to hear, his eyes widening as he heard was he was hearing. His girlfriend had and was about to shag his best-friend, who just so happened to be her brother. It took Harry a moment to come to terms with it, but he instantly turned around and walked out of the corridor, not wanting to go anywhere near that proverbial viper's nest of an awkward conversation. Even if it meant he missed the easiest opportunity to complete a challenge, he didn't want to be the one to walk in on that incestual land-mine. "Hiya Harry!" a voice chirped, breaking his silent thoughts. Completely startled, Harry looked up into the dreamy eyes of Luna Lovegood, his voice lost and his mind foggy. Unable to figure out a sentence, Harry simply walked past her, acknowledging her with a nod before speedily trying to get away from what was happening in the corridor, "Strange… Perhaps there were some Timplies that gave him a fright. Oh… Wait. Harry! You dropped something! Harry! Harry?" Sighing, Luna leant down and grasped the swatch of cloth that had fallen from Harry's back pocket, unfurling it to reveal that it was a cloak. Confused, she tucked it beneath her arm, entering the corridor in search of Ginny. Skipping into the first room, she stopped, spying Ginny on her hands and knees, dragging her soft, plump lips up and down Ronald Weasley's cock. Stopping for a moment, she looked confused, wondering why the two siblings were having sex, yet Luna dared not stop to ask. Dropping her bag and the cloak to the floor, she began to unbutton her shirt, quickly pulling it off and freeing her breasts. Tossing it to one side, she dropped her skirt and panties, exposing her thick and veiny cock. Skipping over to the end of the bed, she clambered on, kneeling behind Ginny and spitting on her own cock, using his rigid length to smear the substance across her asshole. Glancing behind herself, Ginny grinned as she saw her friend. Where most people who have rejoiced in finding someone who could help them get clothing, Ginny simply moaned, pushing back onto Luna's pulsating cock, wanting it to plunge deep inside her. Ron was busy reclining against the headboard, his hands clasped behind his head as he relished the sensation of his sister's slow and loving blowjob. Returning her lips to his cock, she gently moaned around his head, flicking her tongue across the thick and bulbous flesh, tasting her brother's musk on her tongue and hungering for it. She waited patiently for the pressure to build behind her, the heavy head of Luna's cock threatening to pierce her tight and luscious hole. For whatever reason, Luna held of on entering her, instead poking and prodding at her ass, playing with it almost. Growing tired of the teasing, Ginny pushed firmly back, continuing to do so until her arse connected with something, namely, Luna's crotch, the two of them being sandwiched together in momentary heaven, once again. The moan that drove itself up from Ginny's throat was loud and pleasurable, the humming that reverberated along Ron's cock making him groan happily, though not enough to open his eyes. He was content to simply let his sister play and attend to him, using his cock like a lollypop for her own amusement; almost childishly. Her throat became more and more eager, pushing itself to new and explosive limits, plunging along his length and greedily guzzling down more and more of his cock, lavishing it with her tongue, her throat spasming and twitching around his gorgeous cock. Ginny's motivation was the constant stream of pre-cum that filled the back of her throat, pouring down her gullet and into her stomach, satisfying her base desires. The taste was normal, but once again the incestual implication made it taste heavenly. That combined with Luna becoming a lot more proactive behind her. Instead of pulling back herself, Luna took a different approach, one that Ginny chocked up to her simple whimsical approach to life. Pushing Ginny's ass away from her, she grabbed the redhead's hips, working to bounce her ass back and forth on her cock, all without moving and simply acting as a backboard to what amounted to Ginny's self-inflicted impaling. Quickly relinquishing control, Luna simply knelt there and allowed Ginny to bounce back and forth, hammering herself onto her cock with increased gusto, all the while maintaining her steady suckling of Ron's cock. Quickly establishing in a rhythm, she let her whole body move, her lips pushing down Ron's cock as her ass moved off of Luna's, subsequently filling the opposite hole as she moved backwards, steadily pleasing both cocks. The result made Ginny very much feel like a cock-sleeve, being passed back and forth between the two cocks, simply there to service whomever was impaled inside her. In all honesty, it was quite pleasing to be rendered a simple toy, passed back and forth between two others like a ragdoll. The change in tempo and movement arose Ron's attention; that and he was close to cumming and wanted to work out where he wanted to do so. Upon opening his eyes, he was not solely met with his sister's face, but the face of a beautiful blonde, who looked at him dreamily, "Hiya! I don't think we've met before. I'm Luna. Luna Lovegood. You must be Ron. A pleasure to meet you." "And you…" Ron breathed as Luna leant over Ginny (who continued to never miss a beat) and offered to shake Ron's hand in a completely nonchalant way, completely ignoring everything that was happening and acting as if they were casually joining her for a cup of tea, "Why are you here?" "Ah, me and Ginny are friends. I felt It would rude if I had walked away from her pointing her ass at me. I think it's culturally insensitive in some places. I figured I'd just go for it to avoid the embarrassment," Luna beamed, kneeling them practically immobile, mimicking Ron's movements as they simply knelt there, having a conversation as Ginny bounced between them, "If you don't mind, I'm about to ejaculate and should probably focus on that." "Naturally…" Ron breathed, again confused. Glancing down at Ginny, he received only a bemused look, followed by an influx of movement, the redhead noticing that he was close to cumming and bolstering her efforts to make him explode down her throat. Her efforts ultimately succeeded with Ron moaning loudly and holding Ginny's lips against his crotch, sinking every inch of his cock into her throat and spilling strand after strand of cum deep into Ginny's gullet, which she readily swallowed. Luna was quick to the mark as well, taking control of Ginny and starting to rapidly thrust into her ass, pounding away contently until she too came, spilling every drop of cum into Ginny's ass, pulling out and watching it dribble down her ass crack. "My… We synchronised. It was meant to be. Where were we… Yes. Well, Ginny was offering her buttocks and it was almost insensitive to say no to such an offer. I mean, that could really hurt someone's feelings…" Luna continued to drone as Ginny rolled to one side, snapping the girl out of it. "Luna. I would love to discuss with you the societal pressures of accepting or rejecting the offer of sex via someone showing you their arse, but now is not the time. Could you go and get clothes for us?" Ginny asked as Ron stood to one side a little self-conscious as the completely unfazed girl sat there with a smile. "No. I answered the question wrong to my common room. I honestly thought that the Ursor Urine wasn't poisonous. The more you know," Luna smiled softly and in her usual tone of voice. Ginny groaned as she turned away, completely naked and unsure as what to do next. "We're screwed. We're screwed… Wait? Luna? Luna is that Harry's cloak?" Ginny asked, looking over to the pile of clothing and noticing the familiar silvery fabric. Luna nodded kindly, drifting off and not offering any further conversation, becoming distracted with a bead of a light that was cast down from a nearby candle. Ginny and Ron both turned to each other, grinning. They had a way out. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Oh! I'm about to… Fuck…" Seamus groaned, feeling Fleur's hand speed along his shaft, jerking him with delicate fluidity and precision. Having dropped to her knees as soon as she saw the group of three, Fleur needn't have even tried to convince them to drop their trousers. As soon as she unfastened Neville's jeans and dropped them to his ankles, Seamus and Dean were quick to follow, the sheer sexual allure of the woman and the famous precedent that had been surrounding her oral abilities were enough to have them drooling at the bit. Confidant in his stamina and sexual capacity, Seamus welcomed her soft and delicate hands, her fingers nimbly stroking him back and forth, her thumb running circles across the head of his cock, all the while her lips slid easily along Neville's shaft, sending the boy into euphoric state of bliss. Dean slapped his heavy black cock into her palm, the blonde turning and looking almost pleased with his heavy weight; not enough to stop and savour the moment. Instead, she continued with her slick and steady blowjob, jerking the two boys to her side as she did so, eager to complete the fourth challenge. Neville managed to last a fair while, but her talented tongue working circles across his cock was enough to push him towards the edge. Sensing his cock was about to cum, she plucked her lips from his length, stooped her neck and without her hands slapped his length across her face. The sensation of her hot breath against his base set him off, spraying several long strands of cum across her pretty, pale visage. Moaning as he did so, Neville staggered backwards into the corridor, glancing left and right to ensure that they were alone. Turning her attention to Dean's cock, she was about to swallow his length when Seamus stammered that he was close to cumming. Disappointed, thought not thoroughly surprised, she turned to him and sensually barked her orders, "On ze face, mon ami…" "Filthy slut. Always knew you were like that…" Seamus groaned, his bravado getting the better off him as she jerked his length to completion, his cum spurting across her face, mingling with Neville's. Grinning lustfully, he let his softened cock slip from her fingers, her attention turning towards Dean. She felt Seamus's hands lift up her skirt, his probing fingers playing with her ass cheeks as he chortled to himself. Rolling her eyes, Fleur enveloped Dean's cock, swallowing it easily, taking every inch of his rigid black cock into her mouth. Fleur had a strange allure to black cocks, primarily due to the stigma and the fact that they were a rare occurrence in her school. She had a particular interest in them simply because in her few encounters the men were rather large. And Dean was no exception. Dragging her lips along his cock, she began to feel him bubbling to the surface, her hand having obviously coaxed him close to the breaking point. She was annoyed that she couldn't savour and lavish his cock a wee while longer, but in terms of the competition at hand, it was preferable. She did manage to get a few deep and luscious plunges along his cock for good measure before he came, his tip twitching in her mouth and dribbling a strand down her throat. Pulling out, she smeared his seed across her cheek and lip, leaving her face a truly sticky mess. Lunging her lips along his cock once again, she sucked him dry, licking him clean before drawing her lips back and planting a soft kiss on the head of his cock, followed by a sultry wink, "Thank you boys…" "What? You don't want a good and proper fuck? Bet we could treat your pussy good," Seamus blagged, causing Fleur to smirk and giggle. Drawing her wand, she cast a spell and quickly cleaned her face up, replacing the facials with her normal make-up. Turning to Seamus, she glanced him up and down and giggled. "You? Maybe good for a tickle… Ze ozer two? Hmm… Maybe I'll see you around," Fleur purred, winking to Neville and Dean, purposefully teasing Seamus, not over his insufficiency, but his rudeness. Besides, he seemed to lack an intimate knowledge with Witches and their anatomy, despite his previous bragging. "Cock-tease…" Seamus sneered, turning away briefly, only to have Fleur cough and gather his attention. Turning back to her, Seamus looked her up and down, watching as she lifted up her dress, revealing her panties. His face stretched with a wide grin, only to be turned to baffling, horrified confusion. Peeling her panties to one side, she let her thick, mammoth cock bounce free, flopping down against her thigh. Both Dean and Neville admired the length, whilst Seamus looked on, confused as to why she had a cock. Turning to his two friends, he was met with more confusion as they looked at it as if it were normal. "If anyone is ze cock-tease, it is you, mon ami…" Fleur winked, hiding her cock away and turning around, forever shattering Seamus's understanding of women and sex, all the while providing herself with a staunch giggle. Turning the corner, Fleur was thankfully met with yet another one of her challenges. A redhead. She was planning on hunting down Ginny and Ron but knew that it would be exceptionally difficult to track them down. However, much to her glee, another redhead was sat, reading in a small nook next to the open courtyard. A Hufflepuff. Walking straight up to her, Fleur adjusted her approach, reading her as somewhat shy. Stopping in front of her, she turned on the allure, batting her eyes with that seductive smile. Extending her hand, she clasped the girl's hand and lifted it to her lips, gently bowing before, "Mon ami… What iz your name?" "Susan Bones… I know who you are. What are you doing?" she said apprehensively, watching as Fleur slipped down onto her knees, sliding forwards and between Susan's, a lecherous and suggestive smile on her face as her hands ran along Susan's thighs, growing more provocative by the second. "I was stricken by your beauty, mon ami. People such as you, zey are… a rarity. Allow me to show you my affection, mon ami… Avec a little… pleasure?" Fleur suggested, her hands running up and beneath Susan's skirt. Immediately cupping the girl's cock, Fleur assumed it a done deal. A quick flicker of her eyes, a suggestive comment, and a hint as to what she could receive; everyone and anyone would be putty in her hands at that point. Pulling down Susan's panties, she was immediately met with reprieve. "What the hell? What kind of girl do you think I am? Merlin's beard… It's true what they say about you. A proper slut, doing anything and everything to whoever passes. What? Am I just the next girl you thought you could sink your cock into? What? Am I the third, fourth today? Not everyone's fooled by that… smile of yours, slut," Susan exclaimed, rising to her feet, her panties already slipped around her feet and into Fleur's hands. Her cock was hard, throbbing, begging for some form of pleasure, but completely denied by Susan's stern reaction and immovable morals. Looking up at her, dumbfounded, Fleur was met with a look of equal shock, "What? Has no one said no to you before? I'm glad to be the first in some respect then. Oh, and keep them… A reminder that not everyone is fooled by a little make-up and a short skirt…" And with that, Susan turned and walked away, briskly, walking through the corridors in order to find someway to relieve herself. Of course, she was aroused, she always was by things like that. Even the mere suggestion of something sexual. But she denounced everything and anything like that, not wanting to take part in it. However, as many have learnt, abstinence isn't exactly a choice for a young witch. Especially difficult at her age. Fleur was rendered shattered, shocked even. She was on cloud nine upon approaching Susan and now she was decimated. Was she just a slut; someone too used to getting what she wanted by flashing her tits. Staggering to her feet, she tossed Susan's underwear to the floor, rushing off in any direction, trying to make sense of her thoughts. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII This was going to be life-destroying. Absolutely… unbearable. Hermione couldn't exactly believe she was in fact about to even stoop to this, but she was dead-set on winning this. And if this didn't prove the lengths she was willing to go, she didn't know what would. She was partially happy that Fred and George weren't able to push her over the edge and they left her somewhat unsatisfied. It would mean that this would likely be over sooner. It still didn't make it any easier. Breathing heavily, she paced outside the door for five minutes straight. Even with bolstered courage, this wasn't anywhere in the realm of being a cake-walk. Finally, she found the stomach to do it and knocked sharply on the door, waiting patiently for a response, "Come in!" "Professor?" Hermione said timidly, pushing through and into the office. Looking across the room, she spotted her target, sat in her seat on at the desk, pouring through a large handful of parchment. Glancing up from behind her spectacles, Professor McGonagall looked at Hermione shrewdly, intrigued as to her sudden arrival. Entering the room, Hermione closed the door, ensuring it was tightly shut before walking into the room and sitting nervously upon a chair in front of her desk. "Miss Granger? Can I help you? Is something the matter?" McGonagall asked, putting aside her papers and clasping her hands together, looking at the girl's nervous and anxious face, her fingers twitching and fidgeting. Worried, McGonagall lifted herself from her seat and walked around the desk, propping herself on the edge, smiling warmly and with a degree of care in her heart, "As your house head, you can tell me anything dear. Have no worry. Whatever you say doesn't have to leave this room." "Well, it's about… You know? You know? The… you know?" Hermione stammered, looking up at the confused teacher, hoping that she'd be able to infer somehow, but she was hopelessly lost. Not wanting to have to say it, especially not to a teacher she respected, Hermione blushed, trying to find some tactful way to say what she needed, or rather, wanted, "Professor… Back when you gave us… the talk? You mentioned that should anyone ever require… assistance, we may come to you? For said assistance? I'm sorry… I just… You know…" "Ah, I see Miss Granger. Don't worry. It is completely natural. You should have no fear in talking to me or coming to me about this. I trust you are comfortable with me… assisting? If you would like to get comfortable and… remove your garments, as much as your comfortable with, we can make this swift and as natural as possible," McGonagall said, reciting the speech that she had memorised the moment she became a teacher and the speech she had only had to recite on few occasions. Truth be told, Hogwarts students were like rabbits. They rarely needed aid and it was primarily in the quiet students or the unfortunately faced students. Those that hadn't blossomed. She had never expected to see Hermione here. Despite her bookish qualities, she always presumed she'd have boys chomping at the bit to provide assistance. However, McGonagall was wary to not pry and to simply do as was necessary; no conversation and minimal awkwardness. "Okay Professor…" Hermione stuttered. She was willingly doing this for the challenge and was wholeheartedly up for it, but it didn't change the fact that she was exceptionally awkward and nervous, something which McGonagall thought was out of embarrassment for the situation, but it was rather the fact that Hermione was stooping to this level at all. Locking the door so as to afford themselves so privacy, McGonagall watched as Hermione stood up and unfastened her jeans. Working them down and around her knees, she propped herself up against the table, her cock spilling out of her panties. Ignoring the urge to comment on her delightful shaft, McGonagall simply walked over, standing by Hermione's side. "Am I alright to begin, Miss Granger?" McGonagall said as diplomatically as possible, trying not to show how perversely keen she was to be stroking off her own students. Nodding, Hermione kept her gaze fixed on the door, simply to avoid looking at her teacher. She felt the woman's hand drop to her cock and slowly begin to jerk her off, sliding her palm up and down her cock, stroking and tugging her thick, bulbous length. Breathing heavily, Hermione tried not to moan, finding the fact that she could find pleasure in this a little weird. However, against her best judgement, she actually began to enjoy it, finding McGonagall's aged, or rather, experienced hand to be immensely talented. She was seemingly able to squeeze and massage the perfect areas, curving her fingers just right in order to milk the most pre-cum out of her throbbing, purplish tip. Keeping her own gaze to the roof, McGonagall provided a rather clumsy yet pleasurable handjob. Yet, she wasn't able to avert her eyes for long, being perversely drawn to watch her handiwork. She became mesmerised with the way Hermione's cock twitched in her hand, the way her foreskin pulled back and bunched, pre-cum streaming along his thick head. The substance began to coat McGonagall's palm to some degree, slickening her stroking and making it infinitely more pleasurable. Breathing heavily herself, McGonagall fought the innate urge to sink to her knees and provide a true orgasmic experience. It would be entirely inappropriate, yet her conduct when it came to Hermione previously wasn't exactly exceptional. However, to do so would be frowned upon and would likely infringe on boundaries that would ruin her. And yet, she was unable to shake the feeling of how delicious Hermione's juicy cock was taste, the feeling of her cock slipping down her throat, pouring that silky pre-cum into her depths, the taste overwhelming her body. Her own cock began to throb at the prospect, fighting to be released. Already planning her visit to the gloryhole later in order to relieve herself, McGonagall found herself disappearing down her own fantastical realm of pleasure, wanting Hermione to bend her over, plundering her own professor's arse and hammer her relentlessly. She wanted to shatter the prim and composed appearance she had built up and render her a moaning cock-sleeve. So, consumed in her own world, she almost didn't hear Hermione speak. "Professor…" Hermione murmured, getting the woman's attention. The pleasure tingling through her body was plentiful, yet it only struck Hermione that moment exactly what the task was. The thought that she was going to have to ask her teacher to go further than a handjob made her cringe, yet she had come this far and would suffer the blow to her self-esteem. Glancing down to her cock, Hermione winced as she brought the words to her lips, "Professor… Could you… Could you… Put it in your mouth?" "Miss Granger… That would hardly be appropriate," McGonagall asked, her own breathing becoming heavy as the hunger built in her core. Looking down at the delicious slab of meat, she felt herself getting whisked away by the moment, the eroticism of the situation making her more susceptible to such intoxicating acts. Her professionalism dictated she didn't, but she found a multitude of ways to justify it to herself, using incredulous mental gymnastics to trick herself into dropping to her knees and lavishing the young girl's deliciousness with her mouth, "But you are proving somewhat… tolerant. Perhaps a different application would… prove more fruitful. Though you must keep it to yourself, Miss Granger. At whatever the cost." "Of course, Professor. Thank you, Professor…" Hermione breathed, glancing to the right, her eyes meeting with McGonagall's for a brief moment. Gasping as she did so, Hermione blushed, simply unable to comprehend what was about to happen. Slowly, but surely, McGonagall slid down onto her knees, bending to the young girl. Removing her spectacles, she brought the dripping head of her massive cock to her lips and in one swift and deep lunge, swallowed half of her cock, dragging her curt lips along her throbbing length. A deep and lusty moan came from the teacher's lips as she tasted the young girl on her tongue. Every part of her said she shouldn't enjoy it, but as soon as she had her mouth around her cock, she was no longer the stern teacher and was simply a horny girl, craving a cumshot deep into her throat in order to abandon all semblance of austerity. Hermione had to bite her lip as she felt McGonagall envelop the head of her cock. It hit her like a train. Suddenly, this completely unsexual person became a cock-hungry animal, slavering of her cock. It was so bizarre. A part of her expected the teacher to clumsily bob her head up and down the first two or three inches of her cock, but she didn't expect the woman to so expertly inhale half of her cock, her tongue curling, lathering her cock with copious amounts of saliva, drenching it in the slickness. The gentle hum of McGonagall's moans added another layer, yet Hermione found herself completely unable to enjoy herself. It was simply too bizarre, pleasurable and awkward all at the same time, her mind freezing entirely as she got sucked off by her Transfiguration Teacher. Meek whimpers of pleasure came across her lips as she tried to coax herself into cumming quicker. Picturing Ginny's lips or even Luna's around her cock, she tried to attach the pleasure to something less… weird. And yet, she had her eyes wandering down to look at McGonagall, watching her wrinkled lips plunge up and down her cock, her hand twisting around the rest of her shaft, smearing saliva along the length as she suckled lecherously on her cock. In a strange way, it was enticing to be so intimate with a teacher. Most would assume that such a thing would be Hermione's particular fantasy, but it wasn't. But having it enacted was somewhat kinky and it proved to Hermione that bookish and proper people could still be sexual. And in that sense, having McGonagall sucking her dick was amongst the most satisfying sensations and sights around. Warming to the idea, Hermione began to feel her cock throb and twitch, her orgasm bubbling up inside of her. Moaning openly and loudly now, Hermione had the urge to grab Minerva's head and guided her lips along her cock but figured that that would be massively inappropriate. Though the thought still lingered as to how pleasurable it would be to throat-fuck her teacher. She didn't have much opportunity to dwell on it as her cock exploded down McGonagall's throat, spurting and spraying her pent-up orgasm from the twins down her throat, pumping McGonagall's gullet full of her seed. Normally, Minerva would have been appalled by the sensation, but the erotic nature of her student filling her stomach with cum was enough to make her wave any discomfort and annoyance at being used as dumping ground. Tightening her lips, McGonagall dutifully drank her dry before sliding her cock out of her mouth, her austere sensibilities coming back to her as she rose to her feet, wiping her lips. "Well… Miss Granger… I should… I should think that will suffice. If you would show yourself out…" McGonagall stammered as she walked back around to her chair, eager to hide her own arousal and bulging erection behind her desk. Sliding down, she watched as Hermione bent over and pulled her panties back up into position, the fabric carving through the young lady's bum. Quenching a groan, McGonagall returned to her papers, trying to hide the urge to ogle Hermione as she pulled her tight-fitting jeans up and over her heart-shaped, perfectly plump arse. She was truly gorgeous in McGonagall's mind. Fixing herself up, Hermione eagerly leapt to the door, clumsily unlocking it and moving to leave. Before she did however, Minerva called after her, begging her attention, "Oh, and Miss Granger! Should you ever… ever feel the need arise again. Do not hesitate to come see me. I should think we'd be able to work some form of… routine out. At your behest of course. It was good to see you Miss Granger. Have a good… have a good day…" Nodding, breathless and completely without any emotion, Hermione left the room, blushing wildly. Racing down the corridor, Hermione rounded into the next one, flinging herself up against the wall as she buried her head In her hands. As she finally collected her thoughts, she burst into laughter, giggling madly as she realised just what she had done and how she somehow convinced one of the Hogwarts House Heads to suck her off. If that wasn't some wild form of perverse achievement, she couldn't possibly know what was. Collecting herself, she plucked the piece of parchment with the challenges out of her back pocket, scratching of the teacher task. Looking down the list, she read through the third challenge, taking It upon herself to follow this one. Looking around, she hoped to see someone she was at least familiar with to engage with but found no one. That was until she looked towards the library, her eyes meeting with someone-else. Someone she recognised yet couldn't put a name to. The boy turned with a soft smile and entered the library, leaving Hermione to wonder if this was the path to choose. Figuring that It was better than nothing, she rushed towards the library, chasing after the Gryffindor, hoping to corner him in a quiet spot in the library and complete her third challenge. Walking straight past Madam Pince, Hermione searched the many bookshelves, looking for the boy. Pushing into the restricted section, she finally found him returning a collection of books to the shelves, "Following me, Granger?" "No… Why would you think that?" Hermione said defensively as the boy turned to look at her with a smirk on his face. Bravado, not confidence. He had blonde hair, slicked neatly back and a grin that was rather repulsive in it's obvious intention. "Because you looked at me? And then rushed after me? It's alright. I don't mind a stalker. Boosts my ego… I'm Cormac," he smirked, subtly licking his lip, leering at the young girl as she stood there, fettering back and forth on her feet. Confused, Hermione brushed the thought from her head. "I'm not stalking you. I just… wanted to ask a favour," Hermione breathed. Somehow, she found it more enticing to go back to McGonagall than ask Cormac. The boy slid up close to her, looming, his hot breath lingering near her ear as he made a forward move. Unable to believe that she was about to do it, she conceded. "And what's that? I see the way you looked at me…" Cormac grinned. Sighing, Hermione cursed beneath her breath. Turning to him, she grabbed his head and thrust her lips against his, clumsily and roughly kissing him, feeling herself growing sicker as she did so. His hands wrapped around her, pulling her intimately closer, his lips trying to intensify the kiss and take it beyond a simple press. His hand curved around her arse, squeezing and pulling her closer. Pushing away from him, she staggered backwards, looking at the proud look on his face and wincing. "Fuck it. Take my clothes off…" Hermione groaned, standing there and pushing her chest out, turning to keep watch as Cormac lunged at the opportunity. Unzipping her hoodie, her peeled it away from her body, his hands caressing her intimately, softly grazing against her arms, doing what he thought would entice her, but only served to repulse. Putting up with it, she avoided another kiss with him, gesturing down towards her clothing. Chasing another kiss, Cormac had his face pushed away, "Just take the clothes of. Quickly…" "Glad you've finally seen some sense. That redheaded freak not scratching the itch?" Cormac growled suggestively as he pulled her t-shirt up and over her head, tossing it to one side. Reaching around behind her, Cormac fiddled with her bra, trying desperately to unfasten it, but ultimately fumbling it. Leaning further around, he continued plucking it like a string, fruitlessly getting nowhere. Groaning in annoyance, Hermione looked to one side, sighing. Getting frustrated, Cormac sighed, "Can't you just do it!" "No. It has to be you… Come on it's not that difficult," Hermione berated. Turning around and giving him full and unrestricted access. Finally managing to unclasp it, he dropped the garment to one side, wrapping a hand around her belly and pulling her backwards, grinding his cock against her arse as his other hand squeezed her breast. Leaning into the crook of her neck, he tried to steal another kiss, only to be once again reprimanded by Hermione, "Clothes… Now…" "Impatient? I like it. It's… sexy," Cormac grinned, unfastening her jeans and pulling them downwards. Unhooking them from her feet, he dropped her panties, looking at her cock with some degree of disdain. He wasn't surprised, but was annoyed to see such a large one, "Do you want to get me naked?" "No… Right. Kiss each of my nipples. Now," Hermione said impatiently, pushing her tits out. Smiling, Cormac lowered his lips to one of them, his hands gently squeezing them. Wrapping his lips around her nipple, he gently suckled on the teat, flicking his tongue back and forth, playing and tickling her slowly and seductively. Whilst she would normally welcome it, she wanted this to be over. As he pulled her lips away, smiling salaciously, he moved to the next one. Grabbing the back of his head, he forced his lips roughly against her other nipple before forcing him down onto his knees, "Right… kiss my cock…" "I don't do that sort of thing. Not my… way. I don't mind you having it, but I don't go down on women. I don't think it's right," Cormac argued, putting his hands up defensively. Groaning annoyedly, she grabbed his hair, roughly holding his head in place. Jamming the head of her cock up against his closed lips, she whipped it away as quickly as it came. Turning around, she pushed his head between her ass cheeks, trying to wriggle his lips into place against her hole. Not willing to submit, Cormac fought and struggled, only to finally have his lips thrust against her asshole, his head finally being released, "What the hell?" "I only needed a favour. Now of you go…" Hermione said, pushing Cormac out of the small nook. Staggering backwards, he looked at her, a little disgusted, but completely enthralled. She was playing hard to get. A cock-tease. A challenge. Grinning wildly, he turned and walked away as told. He wasn't one to be pushed around. He didn't chase women, they chased him. She be back, cock-hungry and In need of a man's cock. She wanted to tease him, he'd tease her. Of course, he wasn't aware that she literally couldn't have given less of a shit about him. Tucked away in the nook, she went for her clothes, only to realise that she couldn't dress herself. She had to complete the next challenge herself and whilst being naked. Looking out into the library, she saw one first-year, who quickly left. And then, only Madam Pince. Of course, it was the weekend, and no one wanted to study. Everyone was relaxing, meaning that Hermione had to abandon her clothing if she wanted to win. She'd already come this far so it was an easy choice. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Right… No Ginny… Not going anywhere near a teacher… Let's… Three facials. Crude, but easy enough… Three people," Harry muttered to himself, running through the list and using it as a distraction from what he just saw. He wasn't invested in these challenges and couldn't really care if he won. He was the only one not standing to lose anything but doing them seemed marginally better than confronting the incestual mess he walked in on. Looking through the map, he searched for three people that he could use, ultimately coming up trumped, until he finally found a group that looked promising. Down in the Quidditch Showers, having followed a brief bout of training, it appeared that the Chasers were busy cleaning themselves; or more likely pleasuring each other. Whilst he wasn't as close with Angelina or Alicia, he was confidant that neither of them would say no to an additional hand or two. Besides, going down there seemed like a good idea to clear his mind. Making his way through the castle, he walked out into the grounds, staggering his way down to the Quidditch Pitch. Looking out across the vast maze that now encompassed it, Harry was once again instilled with a bout of nerves. He had a task coming up and he was busy playing a sex game. Clouding his thoughts even further, he set his mind on simply finding Katie and completing one task. If he did just that, he'd be happy. Pushing into the showers, he entered the woman's locker-room and heard the sloshing of water crashing against the floor, combined with giggles of laughter, "I'm telling you. Fred and George were in there together. Naked. Hell, George's cock was dripping cum. I think there is more to their relationship than simply being brothers…" "Really? Like… actually? You think they do that in their own time? Merlin… I would never have thought. Do you reckon you could swindle your way into getting us some front row tickets? Would love to see them choking on each other's cocks," Katie grinned, reclining against the wall and watching as Angelina washed herself, lathering her body and rigid cock with soap, rendering her a slick and slippery mess. "Oh, I wish. You should have seen the looks on their faces. They froze like you wouldn't imagine. Besides, if anyone's getting a front row seat, it's me. I'm the one who's been fantasising about it. Could you imagine it?" Angelina groaned, soaking herself beneath the showerhead, her cock throbbing massively. "I can. And you're not the only one who's been imagining it. I would never have thought it be much of a problem. Most guys are happy to slaver on a girl's dick, but if the dick don't have a pair of tits, suddenly it's weird?" Alicia added, the three women all hard and ready for a fuck, neither one wanting to shatter the fantasies they were each having. "I think it's more the fact that they are brothers. Not the fact that they're guys. Though, that is true. A pair of tits makes all the difference apparently," Angelina groaned, her cock begging for some attention, "Fuck… It's been bothering me all morning. You two not going to give me a hand with this?" "I think you've already got a volunteer. Harry, dear! I can see you," Katie called out as Harry sidled into view, propping himself up on the entrance to the shower. Folding her arms, Katie glared at him, "This is the ladies room Harry. And I sincerely think you are not a lady." "From what I heard, you all think that it doesn't matter. It's all the same cock. Just because I don't have a pair of tits as you say," Harry commented, getting his stride back after being faced with such a strange situation. It made him comfortable to be back in the company of people he could understand. Smirking, Harry admired their bodies as he always would, loving the combination of plump, rounded assets, sliding into toned, muscular bodies. The perfect body in his mind. Cock included. "Ah. Not only a pervert, but an eavesdropper? What do you say, Harry? You ever imagine giving Ronald a tickle with your tongue?" Alicia smirked, walking over and beginning to undo Harry's clothing. Alicia wanted to stay under the hot water but didn't want to do so alone. Well, not that she was alone. Harry quickly caught on, pulling his top off as she attended to his jeans and boxers, which she unceremoniously discarded before simply strutting back into the shower. "I'd rather not talk about Ron at the moment. Besides, the situation has never arisen," Harry commented, striding into the water and propping himself up next to Katie, their hips grazing up against each other as they bodies grew slicker and glossier. It also wasn't helping that George and Fred were apparently intimate. It would seem that the Weasley family was a lot… closer than Harry originally surmised. "Having a lover's spat? Fine. It's all the same cock as you said. Bear that in mind. So, what brings you to come ogle us as we shower?" Katie asked, gently nudging his hips with hers, smiling widely as she watched his cock steadily rise between his legs. "It's complicated. Well, not that complicated. I need a favour, partly because I need a distraction and… Well, I was given a challenge," Harry smiled, watching as all three women perked up, moving closer as he chuckled to himself, "Well, it's like this…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII Breathing softly, McGonagall tried her best to return to her work, being completely unable to focus. Looking listlessly over the words in front of her, she simply couldn't bring herself to ignore what was truly ailing her. The thickness that had risen between her thighs was unrelenting. Following what she and Hermione had done, there was nothing that she could concentrate on aside from her own desired pleasure. She even found herself lightly pawing at her crotch, squeezing herself through the folds of her robes, eliciting brief and fleeting moments of pleasure. Finally, having enough, she set her papers to one side and rose to her feet, striding across the room with the intention of seeking out the gloryhole for a quick burst of relief. However, as she opened the door, she encounter a small figure standing in the doorway, fist raised about to knock. Startled, she composed herself, unable to fix her robes to hide the throbbing bulge between her legs, "Hello? How might I help you?" " 'ello… My name is Gabrielle Delacour, Madame McGonagall…" Gabrielle purred salaciously in her sexy French drawl, the sheer eroticism dripping from her words being enough to stop Minerva in place. Taken aback by the young girl, McGonagall was drawn to observe the girl's clothing, her eyes widening as she looked down at her. She had exchanged her small Beauxbaton's uniform for a Hogwarts one, only it was far too small, even for her young and nimble frame. The young girl pushed her chest forward, the small shirt threatening to burst even with her small, perky breasts behind it. With only two buttons done up, her minimal cleavage and flat stomach were proudly on display. However, it was her skirt that drew the eye, tight and riding high on her hips. Whilst McGonagall could only see her from the front, she was confidant that the young girl's ass was plainly on show, proudly presented to anyone who wished to see it. Not to mention the girl had gone to explicit lengths to adopt the typical saucy schoolgirl look. Knee-length socks and a bow in her hair, her smile enough to melt anyone's heart. "I know… I know who you are. Can I help you in anyway? Is there a reason that you are dressed in a Hogwarts uniform?" Minerva breathed heavily, unable to ignore her obvious arousal and the fact that her cock was throbbing at the sight of Gabrielle. The young girl was exceptionally hot and considering McGonagall's entry in the perverse notebook, it played right into the elderly teacher's fantasy. First Hermione and now this. Truly a lucky day. "I was wondering if we might… talk? I 'eard you 'ad an interest in moi? Or is zat 'ear-say?" Gabrielle purred, hanging on the door. Sliding her hand up and along the frame, she cocked her hips slightly, her skirt hiking up enough to show her own bulge, prodding at the elegant pair of satin light blue panties she wore, "Like… what happened before ze second task? Alone in such a small little room? Avec moi? Et 'ermione?" "Ah… Well… Perhaps we should talk. Do… Do, come in," McGonagall said, freezing up as she realised that she had been made. By what means, she didn't know, but she definitely didn't want the secret that she fucked three students whilst they were under the effect of a sleeping charm to get around. And Gabrielle seemed like an amiable girl. One open to negotiation. "Oui…" Gabrielle smiled, bouncing into the room and taking the seat in which Hermione had been sitting only half an hour ago, making sure to keep her legs parted and the view between her legs on show. Bouncing her feet back and forth, Gabrielle smirked. "I wish to explain myself…" McGonagall began, only to get immediately cut off by Gabrielle. Sliding back into her seat opposite the young girl, Minerva was offered a brief look up her skirt before Gabrielle rose to her feet, that devilish and mischievous smile on her face. "You fucked me? Non. You sucked my cock. A swallowed me down your throat. Without my permission? Zen you would 'ave most likely fucked me!" Gabrielle smiled, pretending to feign anger and annoyance, but quickly batting her eyelids as she walked around the desk towards McGonagall. Sliding backwards on her chair, McGonagall buried her head in her hands, allowing Gabrielle to move between her and the desk. "I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me. It was… A flight of fancy. But I never would have done more than that without your permission," McGonagall breathed into her hands, on the verge of tears. Giggling audibly, Gabrielle looked at the woman with a smirk. "Zen you 'ave my permission…" Gabrielle smirked, watching as McGonagall raised her head, looking forwards. She was immediately presented with a glorious sight; the young blonde bent over the desk, pushing her round, pert little arse towards McGonagall, her small, lithe little cheeks framed perfectly by her satin panties. Looking at the stunned look on the teacher's face, Gabrielle giggled, "Please! As if I would 'ave said non to a blowjob. Mon dieu! I am French! Zere are few pleazures I enjoy more zan an 'ard cock up my arse. And I 'ave never been averse to a little roleplay, Madame McGonagall… And I 'ave been a very naughty girl indeed…" "Mon dieu indeed. Are you sure?" McGonagall asked, on the verge of lunging into a pleasure-consumed haze. Unable to control herself much longer and in dire need of some form of pleasure, she waited, her hesitance like a paper dam against a rushing river. Nodding and with a perverse smile, Gabrielle wiggled her pert little bum and that dam shattered, the river rushing like a torrent across McGonagall, turning the composed woman into a feverish, lecherous animal, driven only by lust. A true step down from her stern mannerisms. Lunging at the young girl, Minerva sank to her knees behind her, grabbing her waist and pulling her sharply backwards. Pressing her lips against the girl's cheeks, she kissed and bit playfully at the soft, supple flesh, mauling it with her mouth as her fingers grasped the young girl's panties. Giggling at her eagerness, Gabrielle lay calmly on the table, happy to simply push her ass out and let the woman go wild. As long as that wriggling tongue of hers found its way inside her beforehand, she had no problem. Whilst this was partly for the pleasure and counted amongst Gabrielle's many plans before returning to France, having the teacher plunge her tongue deep into her rectum before fucking her would in fact scratch task one off the list of tasks to complete, proving to her mother just how capable she was. In fact, Gabrielle had many plans to complete the tasks that if she pulled them off would net her the reward with ease. But first, a little enjoyment and a somewhat personal encounter. McGonagall was far more attractive than Maxime in the young girl's mind. Age had not wearied her the same despite her being clearly older. Prying her panties out from between her ass cheeks, McGonagall slid them down her slim and delicate legs, revealing her gorgeous pale ass, her tight puckered hole winking proudly as her cock was squeezed by her thighs, which were clenched tightly together, pre-cum trickling down to her calf. Adoring the sight, McGonagall spared no time, forcing her tongue deep into the girl's agape ass, endeavouring the bury it as deep as possible, wriggling it further and further inside, exploring the girl's well-explored cavern and relishing the taste of a good ass, all the while feeling and fondling her pert little ass cheeks, the ass cheeks that had taunted and teased her so often with their sheer perkiness and delightful cuteness. Pushing back onto Minerva's tongue, Gabrielle happily moaned, letting her eyes roll closed, content now to simply turn her ass over to the woman to do as she will. Knowing the length of cock between her legs, she was happily waiting the woman to pump her full of it, wanting nothing more than to be pounded from behind by the horny, orgasm-starved woman. McGonagall, however, was not done savouring the girl's depths. Due to the size of the girl, McGonagall's tongue was able to lay flat against Gabrielle's prostate, the woman able to tease it as if it were her cockhead; though, admittedly smaller. Curling her tongue around the bead, she flicked back and forth, tracing the subtle ridges and bumps, making Gabrielle squirm. It was incredibly intense to have such a concentrated treatment of her ass, the woman's tongue literally fluttering across the most sensitive and intimate areas of her depths, attacking the most pleasurable and weakening places. Whilst Gabrielle had expected to thoroughly enjoy this, she had never expected to such a length as this. Moaning like a common whore, Gabrielle bit her lip, not wanting to shout the school down from within the teacher's office and bring her undue attention; despite her growing desire to do so. Feeling the young girl writhe beneath her tongue, McGonagall grinned, all before relaxing her face and focussing on the task at hand. Dropping Gabrielle's cheeks, she felt them jiggle back into place, relieving her hands and allowing her to free her own cock. Her robes were a little complex, but with a little work, she managed to drop them to the ground, revealing her lithe and aged form, her cock bouncing between her thighs, hungry for the pleasure that was to ensue. Continuing to lick at the young girl's depths, Minerva turned to lubricating her, drenching the girl's insides with her saliva. Despite the French dame's eagerness and the horniness in Minerva being palpable, she was still conscious of the size difference between them and the enormity of her cock. Little did she know that the little Delacour had been raised on her sister's cock, a shaft of equal size and length. If anything, Gabrielle was the most suited person in all of Hogwarts to take the teacher's length. Pulling away, Minerva spat another mouthful of saliva down to her entrance, rubbing it in with her fingers before taking up her own cock in both her hands. Stooping slightly to get to Gabrielle's level, Minerva ran the head of her cock against the young girl's tight entrance and found the hole to give away with ease. Her fat cockhead slipped inside without the girl wincing or grunting. If anything, it was a moan of familiarity; of satisfaction. One that set of bells in McGonagall's core; bells that prompted her orgasm to rear it's pleasurable head. With the head inside, she took a tight grip of the young girl's hips and gently eased herself forward, watching with awe as she carved her way through the girl's ass, her hole enveloping her like a greedy beast, swallowing and drawing her deeper and deeper. Marvelling at the girl's talents, Minerva felt herself bottom out with ease, her wiry pubic hair pressing against the blonde's hairless bum, the two connected intimately and deeply. Baffled at how simple it was, McGonagall fell in love, with the young girl wiggling her ass happily, turning over her shoulder and giggling with a wry and salacious grin, "Madame McGonagall. I 'ave been ever so naughty. I don't think a simple fucking shall set me straight. I need a good… hard… punishment… Don't you think?" Had the girl said that moments before, McGonagall would have forbade it, not wanting to hurt the young girl. But having sunk herself so easily inside of the French girl, it was clear that she a propensity for being fucked and fucked hard. The girl barely made a sound as her cock submerged itself deep into her arse. Perhaps Gabrielle was indeed that perfect little butt-slut that Minerva had longed to find and fuck. That combined with the darling outfit she was wearing made McGonagall putty in Gabrielle's perverse hands. Conceding to the idea, McGonagall drew her hips back, holding Gabrielle in place firmly against the table. Right up until only the tip remained, Minerva kept a slow and steady pace. Once she was ready, she unleashed her animalistic side, jack-hammering her cock back into Gabrielle's ass and finally eliciting a groan of pleasure from the impact. Colliding sharply with the girl's rear, McGonagall picked up the pace, slamming again and again, turning long and steady strides into sharp and climactic pounding. Her balls smacked against Gabrielle's thighs, her cock stretching the young girl and obliterating her prostate through continuous and firm massage. The two of them began to grunt, the pleasure surging through their bodies warranting loud and audible moans, however the fervent pace reduced them to breathy messes, the two of them living for the next sumptuous morsel of pleasure divined from yet another hard thrust. McGonagall's eyes were focused entirely on her ass and the cute jiggling that came about via her thrusts. The way her small cheeks shook was simply divine and McGonagall could have watched it for all eternity. However, much to her annoyance, her orgasm reared it's untimely head. Whilst she was in dire need of relief, she was furious that It came so soon. The tantalising teasing of sucking on Hermione's cock had rendered her sensitive. Combined with the hungry pace in which she decimated Gabrielle's ass and she couldn't hold off much longer. Sweaty and breathless, the aging woman gritted her teeth and fought the immediate urge to cum, eventually giving way and burying herself deep into Gabrielle's ass, pulling her hips firmly back in order to get as far inside as possible. Spilling her cum inside of the young girl, McGonagall pumped her entirely full, unloading a thick and creamy load inside her. Gabrielle groaned as the hot liquid splashed against her insides, coating her prostate and filling her to the brim with the substance. Wiggling her ass, she bounced back and forth on Minerva's softening cock until the shaft bounced out of her ass, cum running along her thigh as McGonagall fell back against her chair. Grabbing a tissue, Gabrielle cleaned herself up, dutifully pulling her panties back into place and hiding her erect cock behind the fabric, "I could… finish you off, if you wish?" "Non, Madame McGonagall. I came only to service you. Ze pleazure is all mine," Gabrielle smiled, leaning forwards and pecking the teacher on the cheek before walking to the door. Opening it up, she watched as McGonagall lunged to grab her robes to hide herself from any passers-by. Smiling wildly, Gabrielle winked, "I 'ave only a month or two left in 'ogwarts. Yet, should you need more servicing, you need only ask. I can be a very naughty girl and I'm sure we can find some reason for me to be punished…" And with that, Gabrielle turned, hiking her skirt up for one last flash of her arse before bouncing happily along the corridor in search of her next challenge, leaving McGonagall breathless and exasperated, yet wholeheartedly satisfied. It was almost guaranteed that she would be taking that young girl up on such an offer. Especially considering just how amazing that was. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Luna? You had clothes. Why are you naked?" Ginny asked as they staggered clumsily out of the corridor, veiled beneath the thin fabric of the cloak. All three of them were pushed up together, their naked bodies grinding together as they shuffled back and forth around beneath the cloak, endeavouring not to be discovered. Ron did his best to try and not rub up against Luna, figuring that it would hardly be a good first impression to rub his erection against her naked body. Then again, the first impression she left him with was rather… strange. After all, what Ginny said was true, and yet the blonde abandoned all of her clothing to fumble around naked beneath the invisibility cloak. "You two were naked? I didn't want to be left out. Besides, I've found walking around the school to be very relaxing. I've met a lot of new friends doing so. Though… they seemed to be a little amused. They laughed a lot. Oh well…" Luna murmured, leading the group through the corridors. Making their way to the grand-staircase, they looked around for the staircase that went to their common room, finding nothing leading up that way. "Bugger… We'll have to wait," Ginny groaned, looking towards the shifting staircases and finding them to be hesitant in doing their sole purpose. To make matters worse, it was Sunday, meaning that the staircase was packed, filled with people, forcing the trio to jump back and forth to avoid getting caught. "This isn't working. We should get somewhere else with less people. We're going to get found," Ron stammered as his cock jostled up against Luna's ass, a splodge of pre-cum streaking across her creamy skin. Wincing at is happened, Ron blushed, but ultimately sighed a sigh of relief as Luna ignored it, "We should go down to the fifth floor. It'll be practically empty today. Get our bearings and such." "That's a smart idea Ronald. Ginny, I thought you said he wasn't that bright," Luna smiled dreamily, Ron turning sharply to Ginny who simply shrugged. Shrinking to the sides of various students, they made their way down, Ron constantly aware of the fact that his cock was bouncing against Luna's ass, again and again, "Ron… I'm sorry. I'm flattered, but your penis keeps hitting me. Perhaps if I were to…" "Sor…" Ron began, only to have his words silenced as Luna reached behind herself and grabbed the base of his cock with her hand, directing it away from her bum. Breathing heavily as the blonde girl so nonchalantly grabbed his cock, purely without any sexual intent, Ron steadied himself. "Better. Let me know If I'm holding it too hard," Luna smiled as they reached the fifth floor, turning the corner to reconvene. Nodding, Ron watched, and Ginny sniggered at him. As they turned the corner, they were met with a strange duo, arguing. "Believe me, I am not 'appy about it either. 'owever, I need your 'elp regardless," Fleur sighed, folding her arms across her chest as she tried to talk down the person in front of her, the blonde becoming somewhat desperate in her attempts to complete the challenges. "Why the held would I want to see you naked, freak? Beauxbaton's is full of sluts. I'd rather not have anyone than you. Now fuck off," the person snapped. As the trio neared the conversation, their eyes widened, baffled by the exchange that was going on. Fleur Delacour was trying to convince none other than Millicent Bullstrode to help her get naked. Even Luna cast a confused look towards Ginny and Ron as they ground to a halt. "Mon ami, you aren't exactly a pretty penny yourself… Trust me, I will make it worth your while. Just take my clothes off, already…" Fleur groaned, abandoning the pretty girl act and simply levelling with the girl. She had been met with dismal responses and poor candidates for each of the challenges and was thus forced to resort to Millicent, a rather unsightly person, but a person nonetheless. "Oh, and how will you do that? Something slutty no doubt?" Millicent snapped angrily, repeating the same point rather frustratingly, being defensive and obstinate, relying on hearsay and her own foolish mindset. As she was turning down an opportunity to see none other than Fleur Delacour naked. "Mon dieu. Tu es vraiment une pute stupide. Oui. I shall suck your cock," Fleur said, hoping that the promise of some form of sexual intercourse would convince the girl, under the pretence that she was obviously not receiving much on her own account. "Alright then. Fucking slut," Millicent smirked, walking forwards and fumbling loosely with Fleur's straps. Turning around, Fleur was helped out of her clothing, the girl then working her bra and panties off, leaving Fleur completely naked. Closing her eyes, Fleur breathed deeply, realising that she had to ask the dumb fool to kiss her on various parts of her body. "Mon ami… I need you to…" Turning around, Fleur was met with thin air. Glancing down the corridor, Fleur saw that the bitch had run off with her clothing, leaving her completely naked and in the open. Cursing beneath her breath, she was about to rush off to find cover when she felt someone tug at her arm. Before she knew it, the air in front of her parted, with three faces appearing from nowhere, huddled beneath what looked to be a cloak; all the while as equally naked as her. "Come on then, quickly!" Ginny breathed, gesturing for the blonde to join them beneath the cloak. Not wasting a moment, she ducked between the three of them, the cloak folding back over and rendering them invisible. Blushing nervously, she stood there, waiting for the inevitable questioning. "Are you going to tell us what that was about?" Ginny asked as Fleur folded her arms and lifted her nose. Luna looked on with the same dreamy smile, intoxicated by the woman's nudity and apparent equal love of walking around naked. It was quite endearing to meet someone of the same mindset. "Non… Et… Ginny? Your friend?" Fleur asked, looking to Luna with hope in her eyes. Trying to maintain some degree of neutrality and not give herself away, she tried to subtly inquire about the girl. However, in their current state and confined surroundings, it was near impossible, "Is she a virgin?" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Take it bitch!" Angelina grunted, her hands clamped tightly down on Harry's head, holding his lips in place around the base of her cock, saliva pouring in spades down his jaw, his tongue pressed listlessly against the bottom of her mouth as he was forced to savour the thick black length plunging itself down his throat. Gagging and spluttering at Angelina's firm and powerful thrusting, he simply allowed her to continue, finding it easier to focus on being throat-fucked than anything else. Meanwhile, behind him, Alicia and Katie pawed and played with his ass, their fingers working in unison to loosen his ass a little, the pair hoping to commandeer it with both their shafts. "Go easy on him, Angie. It's like you hate him or something," Katie smirked as Angelina began to draw her cock back and forth, her cock slamming in and out of his immensely sloppy throat, the showering being filled with the wet slurping sounds of Harry's throat being put to proper use. Angelina's heavy balls whacked his chin again and again, the water from the shower adding to the wet and slippery sounds of her thrusting. Gargling on her cock, Harry found it hard to argue that there wasn't some small pleasure in what she was providing. It was rare he had such a firm hand in control of him and he found it somewhat refreshing to simply kneel there and have the hard work done by someone else. It wasn't like he was physically unable to everything the ladies had in mind. After an entire year of hardcore sex, he was surprisingly well-exercised. "Harry asked for a facial and a facial is what he'll get," Angelina argued, moaning as she leant back against the wall, her thrusts slowing growing deeper, forcing his lips wider as her balls pushed against them. Groaning, she bit her lip, her hips moving fluidly, thrusting back and forth in such a deliciously delightful way. Watching her rock back and forth, lazily fucking his throat was quite a treat. It was certainly worth it to be speared on the end of such beautiful women. A lucky man indeed. "He's more likely to get a broken jaw. Either way, Harry dear? You alright with me and Alicia taking you back here? We're going to have to share one way or another and it seems Angie has you stuffed," Katie smiled, patting Harry gently on the ass. Glancing back over his shoulder as best he could, he nodded, his sounds muffled, his moans reduced to slavering suckling sounds. Smiling, Katie slipped underneath Harry. Of course, she could have had him impale her instead, but Katie was kind of curious to see how well the boy could handle two cocks. Alicia, eager and unable to stop herself, replaced her fingers with her fat cockhead, pushing it tightly up against the boy's ass. Much to her surprise, his hole melted apart with ease, the woman being able to sink half of herself deep inside him, all echoed with a pleasurable, sloppy moan, muffled by Angelina's constantly shifted, mammoth cock, which was now slippery with not only water, but saliva. Shuffling forwards, Alicia managed to slip the rest of herself inside, pressing her bare shaved crotch against the boy's pert little ass. It was this point she realised how gorgeous his cute little butt was. Toned by Quidditch, yet decidedly plump. The perfect rear. Happily admiring his ass she bobbed the first three inches of her cock in and out of him, she waited for Katie to get herself into position. Occupied briefly by Harry's cock, she pinned both hers and his together, using both her hands to jerk them off simultaneously. A quick slap against her thigh from Alicia and Katie remembered her place, adjusting so that her smaller tip was pressed against both Alicia's thick shaft and Harry's flexing hole. Continuing to jerk Harry off, Katie understood that even the most talented butt-sluts such as herself had difficulty with two cocks. It wasn't the same as just having a thicker, longer cock. It was a more intense sensation. It stretched you wider than you could imagine and required a little work to get used to in the first place. Pushing forwards, Katie gently thrust forwards, finding herself able to inch inside of Harry with ease. She assumed that Alicia's massive length would be an obstacle but failed to know that Harry had been introduced to the multiple cocks in one hole by the size-queen Delacours. Sliding his ass down onto her cock, Harry welcomed the pleasure of being full, even if it felt a bit much. The dull ache of a stretching hole was nothing and he wanted them to fuck him. He needed the distraction; something that Alicia noticed immediately and was more than happy to provide. Pulling herself back, she began to fuck Harry nice and slow, taking a tender approach, primarily because she knew that not only was she responsible for her own pleasure, but also Harry and Katie's as the white girl had no option but to enjoy the friction of Alicia's cock moving back and forth, all the while getting a front row seat to watching Angelina destroy Harry's throat, his gullet bulging to accommodate the massive length. The two black girls stuffed Harry from either end, the two of them synchronising their rhythm. Where most would thrust in and out whilst the other did the opposite, Angelina and Alicia thrust in at the same time, ensuring that he was the fullest he could possibly be, doing everything they could to milk themselves dry, all for Harry's perverse goal of a bukkake. The three girls were sold as soon as the words came from his mouth; in fact, they were liable to have done so without him even asking them to. Katie was in heaven at the moment. Her friendship with Harry had blossomed and her fantasies alongside it. Of course, she wanted to see him stuffed with cock and painted with thick and copious layers of cum. Her only annoyance was that she was not in a position to truly savour the pleasure that was being wrought throughout his body. She wanted to see his holes stretch, his lips pressed tightly around Angelina's cock, his eyes bulging as he was filled in every possible capacity. The satisfaction from having her fantasy enacted made her close to cumming. That and the lengthy conversation about the twin's presumed incestual tendencies that preceded the fucking had rendered her incredibly horny and incredibly susceptible to orgasm. Alicia and Angelina were the same, with Angie being a little more tolerant. Her fondness for hard and fast sex left her able to last a little longer than most. Picking up speed once more, Angelina began to break the synchoronisation they had built, her feverish side taking over as she pounded Harry's slick hole, his face becoming a slick and streaky mess, water pouring down over his face, but not quick enough to wash away the saliva and pre-cum that drooled out from his packed throat. Eyeing his mouth and the way his gullet expanded, Angelina let herself go, hammering and pounding relentlessly, giving up on savouring the pleasure and simply working to push herself over the edge and end it. Her orgasm finally bubbled to the surface, allowing her to pull out from Harry's throat. Sliding every inch from his throat, she barely let him gasp before slapping her cock down onto his face, cum pouring from her tip like a fountain. Just able to shut his eyes, Harry felt a constant stream of cum hitting his face, splashes showing his lips and forehead, cum dribbling down his chin in buckets. Finally pulling away, Angelina, also breathless, walked over to another showerhead, washing the sweat and cum from her body as Alicia pulled out of Harry's ass and crossed to his head. Adding her contribution, she painted the spots on his face that were not already slick with Angelina's offering, making him a stickier mess. Katie took a few more pumps into his ass before pulling out and working her way around to his face. Sniggering as she saw him, she forced his hand around her cock, the girl taking a unique sense of pleasure in having him jerk her to completion and add to his facial. Doing just that, Harry sprayed himself with the last load, completing the first and only challenge he would. Letting Katie's cock flop softly in front of him, he rose to his feet and staggered beneath the shower, washing away the mess, "You not going to keep it? I reckon it looks good." "As much as I trust your opinion of style, I'm very much alright," Harry chuckled, cleaning himself down, his cock still throbbing and in need of his own relief. Turning around, he saw Angelina and Alicia already towelling off, only Katie and Harry left in the shower. "Fancy me returning the favour? You won't get those two chipping in, but I've managed on my own before?" Katie smiled, nudging Harry as she strode out in front of him. Looking down at her, Harry ogled her body, slick and slippery with water. Smiling softly, he nodded, watching as she leapt up into the air and wrapped herself around his hips, her ass bouncing against his cock, "Well then… Ride me like your life depends on it…" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Right… Out of the frying pan and into the fire…" Hermione muttered to herself, having managed to distract Madam Pince with a falling bookshelf long enough to race out of the library. Consumed in the heat of the moment, she made the foolish move to accidentally abandon her clothing, even though she would need them later. However, she managed to sneak out and into the corridor. Unable to think straight, she remembered her last two tasks. Have a three-person facial and engage in a new sexual act with a complete virgin. That last one had a degree of difficulty about that Hermione hadn't foreseen. In her new-found sexual awakening, she was rather forward with what she did and didn't do. And as such, she didn't really have any obvious sexual acts that she could engage in. The basic ones were all taken. Trying her hardest to figure something out, it suddenly became a lot easier for her. Stumbling around the corner, she was met with not only someone she thought could possibly be a virgin, but someone who carried with them the means for a new avenue of sexual exploration. She just had to trust that the notebook would count it. It had to, otherwise, she was risking a lot, "Okay… Confidence Hermione… Confidence… You're just naked…" Walking forwards, she abandoned her hesitant sneaking for a one of a bolder nature. Puffing her chest out, she relaxed her shoulders. Swaying her hips back and forth, she set her eyes on the boy, only a year younger and clutching in his hands a camera. He didn't notice her just yet as he inspected one of the tapestries, preparing to take a photo of it. Strutting as sexily as she could towards him, Hermione draped herself against the wall, biting her lip seductively. Colin's eyes widened as he saw her, slowly lowering his camera and ogling her with his mouth agape. Suddenly, the flash on his camera erupted, the boy startled, "Oh, sorry! Sorry, sorry, sorry!" "A bit premature? Not to worry," Hermione giggled, slipping into her element as she raised her eyebrow. Colin attempted to keep eye contact, but found his eyes glancing down towards her ample breasts and the cock between her legs; a surprise to him, but one that wasn't nearly as shocking as it was to most. In fact, strangely enough, Colin was into them as you'd expect someone to be. "I'll delete it. Burn it… Sorry, it's just… I didn't expect you to be… naked," Colin stammered, pulling the photo out from the camera and tearing it in two, pocketing the shards clumsily. He moved to drop them but realised that they'd simply be found. He made to hand them to Hermione, but she had nowhere to put it, and thus he simply slipped them away himself. "No need to do that. In fact… I was wondering if you'd be able to take some snapshots of me? A few private pics, naughty kind of stuff. I'm naked already, just need a faithful little cameraman. I'll make it worth your while… If you… catch my drift?" Hermione purred, lifting her finger to her lip rather suggestively. Once again, Colin's dumbfounded face was lit up by the flash of his camera. "Erm… sorry. I mean, yeah… I'd be happy to help. Do you wanna go somewhere more… private or something?" Colin stammered, once again ripping the picture that came out, despite it being of Hermione's belly and completely unsexual in almost every way. "I think here works fine. A little publicity? A little risqué? Makes it more… exciting, doesn't it?" Hermione smiled, as Colin nodded in response. She could have recited a speech that made Voldemort out to be a saint and Colin would have nodded happily along; such is the allure of a pair of breasts. Biting her tongue and giggling, Hermione ushered Colin back to a distance and smirked, "I'll do some poses… And you can get all my intimate angles, close-ups and… hands on perks?" "Okay… Just… Yeah, okay…" Colin said, stammering constantly over his words, before taking a step back and peering through the camera. With a smile, Hermione got into her element, embracing her sultrier side. She started with the obvious, turning around and pushing her ass backwards, all framed with the casual look over her shoulder and subtle nibbling on her finger. The camera flash went off again, this time more controlled. Colin's eyes couldn't believe what he was seeing as he tore the camera, his eyes widening as it came into focus. Hermione Granger, naked. Somehow it meant more to him to have it in a picture than in front of him. "How about it? Does it look good? How about a little more… spread?" Hermione grinned, reaching around with her hands and spreading her cheeks, flashing her tight little ass to the boy, "Ever seen a woman like this before? Done something like this?" "No… never done anything… Not even a kiss… And you look stunning… Perfect," Colin breathed as she bit her lip, his camera capturing her sultry look and the gorgeous framing her spread ass cheeks, the hint of her cock down between her legs. Throwing her hair back, she turned around leaning against the wall and bending one knee, her chest puffed out to accentuate her breasts. "Oh stop… You're making me blush? Any positions you'd like to seem me in? Anything particularly saucy?" Hermione purred as the camera flashed again, capturing her plumpness and her incredibly salacious features. Her eyes wandered down to Colin's crotch, spying his hard-erect cock, wrestling with the tight confines of his clothing. Biting her lip, she pressed her breasts together, her tits spilling over themselves as she leant forward and blew a kiss, Colin visibly twitching in his trousers, much to her delight. "Erm… No, you're… you're perfect like that…" Colin breathed as he collected the photo, watching as Hermione abandoned the sexy charade and walked towards him, her hands resting on his chest, his heart pounding wildly and his cock on the verge of exploding with arousal. "Really? How about this?" Hermione smirked, sliding down to her knees in front of him, her hands hooking themselves on his belt as her hot breath ran across his bulging crotch. Spreading her legs, she made sure that photo would capture everything she had to offer. Her soft smile, bouncing breasts, thick cock and even a hint of her arse, all framed by her on her knees ready to suck cock. Frozen in place, Colin was prompted back into action by Hermione, the woman purred, "Snap, snap?" Unable to formulate words, Colin did as he was told, taking a picture of her, capturing everything she thought it would. As the flash flashed, she began to undo his trousers, letting them drop to the ground, revealing his six-inch cock, rather average, but hardly terrible. Holding it in her hands, she felt it practically dance, throbbing and pulsating, almost jerking itself. Holding the shaft near her lips, she gestured for another picture, which Colin readily took. With that, she jerked him off a couple times before parting her lips and enveloping his cock. The gasp that came from him was sensational, the virgin glee of a sumptuous blowjob. Moaning, he snapped constantly, pressing the button every chance he got, capturing ever moment of his first ever blowjob, the pictures dropping to the ground as she bobbed her head up and down. Unluckily, he came quickly, spilling his orgasm into her mouth, emptying his heavy balls onto her tongue. Collecting every drop of cum, she popped his cock out of mouth, holding the rapidly softening length In her fingers. Looking up, she opened her mouth, displaying her cum soaked mouth for the camera. Fumbling to take the picture, Colin did so, allowing her to swallow it and rise to her feet. Throwing her hair back, Hermione smiled, pecking him on the cheek, "Thanks for that…" Colin watched her walk away, his eyes dropping to her ass cheeks, watching how the flesh bounced and jiggled, shook and moved with her stride. Eventually, she turned the corner, leaving him standing there, camera in hand, photos strewn across the floor and another hardon building. At least now, he had some material to please himself with. He had half a mind to give her the photos as a sign of good faith. Then again, it was only half a mind, and the harder, hornier part of his body chose to neglect such a Samaritans deed. Tucking himself away, he gathered up the photos, tucking them ceremoniously into his pocket and rushed back to the Gryffindor Dorms to properly enjoy them in the comfort of his own bed. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Ow Ron! You stepped on my foot!" Ginny grumbled as they continued onwards. The fifth corridor seemed a poor place to hide out and they were jostled deeper into the school, unable to find a way back to their common room. With four of them beneath the cloak, they were struggling immensely to keep themselves and their nudity a secret, all the while battling the carnal desires that arose from such close proximity. "Ronald? I can't keep a hold of your penis. Could someone take a hold of it, so it stops poking my bum?" Luna chirped dreamily, causing both Fleur and Ginny to snigger as Ron was forced to take it into his own hands as to not disturbed the Ravenclaw any further. "Mon dieu… Whose terrible idea was zis?" Fleur berated, her cock luckily being heavy enough to slap down between her thighs, even when aroused. Fleur was uniquely interested in Luna however. Despite not being a virgin, she was a rather attractive young girl, the kind that Fleur was always attracted to. And having her in such tight confines did nothing but add to the desire. "It was alright until you got fooled by Millicent. Which you still haven't explained?" Ginny stammered, growing a little hot-headed in the uncomfortable situation. Sure, it was wonderful to have such a plentiful source of arousal, but it was all for naught. There was no way to stop and have any fun. It was all the foreplay, but without the satisfaction. Something she vehemently hated. "Hush. Someone's coming!" Ron snapped as they ground to a halt, hearing light footsteps around the corner. Not heavy and seemingly lacking any footwear. Suddenly, Hermione burst around the corner, flustered and out of breath, and, coincidentally, completely and utterly naked. The surprise had worn off if anything and all four of them negated to acknowledge it. Staggering around aimlessly, she walked straight towards the four of them, only to be stopped as Luna lifted the cloak and smiled wildly at her. "Bloody hell! Luna? What the…" Hermione breathed, only to be grabbed and thrust beneath the cloak, all of them being pushed even closer together, the cloak barely stretching to encompass them all. Trying to find a way to look around to each of them, Hermione was baffled by their nudity, not bothering to question why Ginny and Ron were naked as well. Turning to Fleur, they both shared a curt nod, an understanding of their situation, "The third challenge?" "Oui… Fleur simply said, the two of them sharing a smirk before turning to the rest of them. Completely confused, it was Ginny who spoke up first, becoming a little disgruntled at how packed it was becoming and the discomfort she was feeling. Not to mention how damned confusing it was all becoming. "Does someone want to explain what is going on here?" Ginny said, looking to Fleur and Hermione. Hermione had half a mind to ask the same question but decided against it, noticing Ginny's annoyance and not wanting to cause a ruckus. "Well… Me and Fleur were playing a game. That went… kind of wrong. See we had these challenges we had to complete and well… I didn't really plan ahead and got… well, my clothes are in the library. Along with my good panties… Bugger," Hermione sighed, turning to Ginny, hoping that was enough to explain, "Speaking of challenges? I kind of… need a favour? I'm supposed to get three facials and well… we have a surplus of cocks?" "Sure! That sounds like a good challenge. Facials can help a lot. Ward of unwanted beasties. That's what my Grandmother did, and she lived until she was a hundred and two," Luna smiled, eager to help Hermione out, something that Hermione appreciated. "Do you really think now is the time?" Ginny asked, a little lost for words at how Hermione could think that a couple blowjobs would be the best thing at the moment. Ron, eager to have Hermione suck his cock, as anyone would, was quick to mediate. "I think it'll do us good. Relieve some tension? A little break from the panic?" Ron suggested, nudging Ginny in a surprisingly comfortable way, one that Hermione didn't even second guest. Truth be told, she was less happy about the fact she was no longer completely exposed and was instead thrilled that she found three friends to help out with the final task. "I suppose you don't want to take part? Helping the enemy?" Hermione smiled, turning to Fleur, who was exasperated, tired and almost completely defeated. Against all odds, she contended that state with a bemoaned sigh and a groan of annoyance. "Non… I 'ave… 'ow would you English say? Royally buggered it… A blowjob would do me good…" Fleur smirked as Hermione shuffled to the middle of them. The tight confines barely allowed for any movement, but with a little careful positioning, Hermione managed to slide down onto her knees between the four, all of them huddling in tight, their cocks bouncing against one another as they tried to get into position. Hermione had minimal access to turning her head and thus Fleur draped her cock over the girl's shoulder, giving her access to half of it. Ron and Ginny were in front, with Luna to one side, making it somewhat easy to access them all. Luckily, emotions were running hot; arousal too, and thus they were all close to exploding. A little discomfort was liable to not amount much displeasure. With Ron's cock in front of her, Hermione wasted no time in taking it into her mouth, her hands immediately lunging to Luna and Fleur's cocks, clumsily jerking them off, tugging downwards considering the angle. Lovingly dragging her lips up and down Ron's cock, their eyes met, and she offered him a wink, speeding up her lips as they had very little time to spare. Deepthroating a small portion of his length, she focussed on using her tongue, tickling the spots that she knew he adored, all the while keeping that sultry and sexual composure, knowing that nothing made Ron hornier than her acting bold and assertive. Popping his cock out of her mouth, she licked along his length, flicking his balls back and forth as his hand lunged to his shaft, stroking himself off whilst Hermione moved to his sister, enveloping her length with ease and familiarity; Ron's heart racing as he bore witness to a long-standing fantasy of his. All of this seemed like a dream of sorts. A perverse and salacious one at that. Bobbing her head up and down Ginny's cock, Hermione quickly rectified her terse attitude, the redhead melting into Hermione's throat and allowing her to lavish her cock intimately. It was exactly what she needed. Enough probing and teasing; she just needed a good, sloppy blowjob, and true to form, Hermione was eager to provide. She felt a hand cup her arse, her eyes turning to left where she saw Ron's hands, the boy growing bold enough to fondle her arse in front of his girlfriend. Smirking, Ginny dared not stop him, allowing his hand and fingers to massage her cheeks, squeezing and playing with them as Hermione tended to her cock. Were they not stuck beneath the cloak, she would be in literal heaven. Maybe a few strawberries and melted chocolate as well. Keeping their moans to a minimum, the group began to watch as Hermione bounced from cock to cock, straining her neck to reach Fleur and Luna, using her tongue more than her mouth and simply dragging it across each thick and veiny cock in front of her, all with a salacious and eager pace. Turning to Luna, Fleur admired the softness of her features, lifting a hand to the young girl's chin. Prompting her to turn to look at her, Fleur leant in and kissed the blonde, the heat of the moment consuming her lust and causing her to grow forward. Luna didn't object, eagerly returning the favour, their tongues battling as they did so, moaning softly into each other's mouths, using one another to muffle their lustful sounds. Ron looked on, eyes wide as his fantasy spiralled out of control. It wasn't one that he had had for long but seeing the two gorgeous blondes making out was enough to make his cock almost spurt. Hermione felt this in his length, and relegated him to a handjob, wanting to make the time in between cumshots as minimal as possible. It was far easier to bounce from cock to cock without a face-full of semen. Fleur took the initiative, removing her cock from Hermione's grasp and placing it in Luna's, the two blondes showing more affection for each other. Turning towards each other, they lifted the cloak a little, but not enough to reveal themselves. Wrapping their arms around one another, they left the redheads and Hermione to their own devices, choosing instead to pleasure themselves, or rather each other. Grabbing Luna's cock, Fleur began to slow and lushly jerk her off, guiding Luna's hand to her shaft as well, "You're bigger than most… That's almost as big as a Hippogriff! Thick as well…" "Mon ami… Zat iz only ze beginning… 'ave you ever…" Fleur began, only to be silenced by Luna forcing her finger against her lips. Not stopping jerking each other off, Luna looked into the middle-distance, listening closely. Confused, Fleur ignored it, focussing on stroking the girl off as Hermione focused her oral attentions on Ginny. She didn't care what the blondes did as long as they finished on her. "Hinklepooms… They wait for people to kiss and then stop to breathe. Then they fly down your throat and make your tonsils itch… Quickly!" Luna exclaimed, planting her lips firmly back against Fleurs, the two passionately kissing. Not willing to argue with her logic when it resulted in this, Fleur returned the favour, increasing the intensity and speed of her hand movements, sensing that Luna was about to explode, herself included. If anything, Fleur was quite surprised at how deft and skilled the young blonde's hand was. And the size of her cock. What drew her to Luna was a mystery; perhaps she saw something of herself in the young girl. It mattered not. All that mattered was that she gave an immensely pleasurable handjob and wasn't a half-bad snog. Ignoring Luna's outburst, both Ron and Ginny focussed on the sight of Hermione choking on the younger siblings cock. Close to cumming, the two siblings were strangely proud to be doing this in front of Hermione. That and her ambivalence to their incestuous nature was a welcome thing. Perhaps they could be more open about it. That remained to be seen however. Their cocks were on the verge of exploding, twitching and spasming in Hermione's hand and throat. Holding off for as long as they could, the two redheads were met with similar moans of orgasmic pleasure from Fleur and Luna, the two of them close to exploding as well. Stunned by their synchronicity, Hermione watched as four throbbing, pulsating, sticky cockheads loomed near her face. She had wanted this after all and could hardly complain, but she didn't expect them to be so sudden and in tandem. She closed her eyes and waited for the first one to explode, hoping they would go one at a time. Unfortunately, that was hardly what happened. She felt one strand come from Luna, then two from Ginny, all of their cumshots layering on top of each other. Fleur and Ron went in tandem, each strand of their orgasm being matched by the other and at the same time. Stroking themselves dry, they all painted the brunette's face with thick and copious amounts of cum, making sure her pretty face was soaked to the bone with the substance. Finally unloading every droplet, their let their cocks flop to their thighs, empty. Clearing her throat, Hermione knelt there, finally having the courage to open her eyes, cum dripping from her face and landing on her breasts, her entire body covered. Breathing heavily, all of them huddled together, waiting for someone to break the silence. However, unbeknownst to them, someone else was about to break the silence. Suddenly, they felt a rush of cool air, the cloak being tugged off them, exposing their naked flesh to the open corridor and the judgemental glare of a close friend. Folding his arms, Harry tucked the map into his pocket, looking at the state in front of him and sighing, "Ginny… I think we need to talk?" Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed that. I really like doing these chapters as mini-projects. Longform sex stories. The Yule Ball is a little longer, but this one is enjoyable nonetheless. However, don't get used to them. They are a lot of effort and this will be the last one for this story. The sequel however… If my planning goes… to plan, Christmas may be a great day! I wanted to stress again that commissions really help. I know I sound like a stuck record and this will be the last time I belabour this point. But, this chapter was going to be delayed until Christmas. I would have continued with the story, leaving a space for it, but because I got enough commissions, I was able to crank it out in a week. This is almost triple the size of most chapters in this story and was possible because of commissions. So, if you want to support the story, commission something and get not only your own personal piece of smut, but more of this content! You don't lose! I've had someone ask about , which is something I'm not going to do. They have weird rules about this kind of stuff. To put simply, it's less of a legal minefield to run commissions than it is to have a . Simple as that. Would love to, but… that is the way the cookie crumbles. Might allow donations or something, but not entirely certain at this point. Might even start some subscription thing of my own. Pay monthly for exclusive stories or something. I don't know. I like writing smut, so would be interesting to try and make it easier to write more of it. The biggest stopper in the way is the biggest stopper in most situations. Money. Either way, the next chapter involves our lovely Hermione receiving her prize and one of the greatest mysteries of this universe get's revealed. This story is going to be fifty chapters long, so we're in the home stretch!
Author's Note: So, I've got a couple things to say before we get into what will undoubtedly be a weird… well it's not actually weird. Like in comparison to the majority of these chapters, it's probably like the most non-weird one. But with the context of these chapters, it's very weird… You'll understand soon enough. But, I have a question to ask. Now, I fully understand that my target demographic are those who fantasise about shemales. And if you don't fit that demographic, then I am very curious as to how you manage to stomach this story to this point. But, I wish to ask a question. Recently, I perused the smutty HP fanfiction this site had to offer and found it desperately lacking. I have filled the shemale quotient up until this point, but I wonder if I should foray into more wide-spread endeavour. The question I have is, would people be interested in a straight Harry Potter smut fic? Essentially this story but minus the cock wielding women? I have a few interesting ideas that don't fit into this particular story that I would be willing to experiment with. I should clarify, this story is priority. Of course, commissions and paid pieces take precedent, but any free time I have is spent delving into the erotic world of chicks with dicks (wouldn't have it any other way). But, I have been toying with starting up a more conventional story and considering that which is on offer in the ways of straight HP smut, I am sorely disappointed. So, should I endeavour on another crusade to valiantly supply more high-quality smutty goodness, or nah? Would love to know! Chapter 42… My, my… Getting closer to the end with every moment. As previously mentioned, there are going to be 50 chapters in this story before we move onto the sequel. Hoping to have it done relatively soon. Also, have already begun plans for this years Christmas extravaganza. Always enjoy putting together copious amount of smut for people to enjoy during the holidays. This year, shall be no different! Chapter 42: The Grand Reward She won. Hermione won. The bushy-haired brunette could hardly come to terms with the idea that she had managed to win a competition derived solely from the sexual endeavours of her and many other, arguably hotter candidates. She couldn't help but blush with a perverse sense of pride as she and the rest of the naked bunch made their way back to the Gryffindor Common Room. Even Luna and Fleur were forced to tag along as the majority of them were heading back there. Disappearing upstairs, they all donned some clothing, Luna and Fleur remaining beneath the cloak until they at least got out of the Common Room. Ginny and Harry disappeared for what Hermione knew would be a stern and rather awkward conversation. But none of that mattered because she had won. It was more for her self-worth if anything. She couldn't help but smile at the fact that she won. It was validation of her sexual acumen. Not that she needed to prove herself to anyone. She couldn't help but walk with a spring in her step, proud of herself and grinning ear to ear. Entrusting Fleur to pass on the message, she sat by the fireplace, giddy with herself for having won and eager to receive her reward. Ron wondered exactly what was going on, but kept quiet, a little worried about the lengthy conversation his sister and best friend were having. Little did he know, that had devolved into something quite different. Quite different indeed. Fleur relayed the message to Hermione that she was to visit Apolline the next evening and the young brunette could barely contain herself. She also told the brunette that Apolline order she shave her pubic hair, making sure she was completely hairless down there. Confused as to why that was a problem, she did so, not wanting to miss out on the reward of a lifetime. Waiting patiently, she slept with the hardon growing between her legs, stomaching the next day and it's discomfort, all with the promise of immense pleasure from the older Delacour. Stuffing it down her jeans, she attempted the spell that Fleur used to hide it and promptly set her panties on fire. Instead, she simply made sure to hold her bag in front of herself until the evening came and she staggered down the hillside to the carriage. Brushing herself up, she knocked on the door, waiting patiently for someone to answer. Fortunately, it was Fleur who answered, greeting the young girl with a kiss, "Mon ami… Ma mere has been so excited. Truth be told, I think she didn't want me or 'arry to win. Zen again, she 'as also been awfully fond of 'arry as well…" "Really… Well, I'm excited to see what the reward is. I can't imagine what she has in store," Hermione smirked as she walked into the grand hall of the carriage. Fleur dutifully took her bag and coat, hanging them up before taking her hand and walking her through the many halls. As they turned into the Delacours quarters, she was met instantly by Apolline who lunged at her, grasping her hands in her own and stealing and deep and meaningful kiss from the young girl, her tongue lunging down her throat, the two moaning lustfully. " Mon ami! C'est très bien! Bien! Magnifique! I am so glad zat you are 'ere. I 'ave spent all day preparing ze most wonderous evening for us. Come, come. Fleur… If you wouldn't mind?" Apolline squealed almost childishly. Nodding to Fleur, the young Delacour bowed her head, completely understanding. "Of course. Ze winner only. 'ave a good evening," Fleur purred salaciously, turning and walking through the door, closing it behind her and leaving Apolline and Hermione alone. A little nervous being alone with her, Hermione used her new-found sexual confidence to overcome it, following Apolline further into the room to a small table, upon which an ice bucket and a bottle champagne awaited beside two crystal glasses. "I know you are not allowed such beverages at such a young age, but ze evening is truly special. Besides, we 'ave done far more zan this already. A little bubbly shan't 'arm you," Apolline smiled, pouring two hefty glasses of the liquid and handing one to Hermione, the young girl eagerly taking it. Clinking the glasses together, Apolline murmured, "Cheers…" "Cheers," Hermione smirked, drinking a sip, the surprising taste enthralling her immediately. Taking it slowly, she was led towards the bed, where she and Apolline sat. Laid, open on the bed was her notebook, the pages turned to Hermione's one. Where Hermione saw only the bare bones of information, Apolline saw more. Much more and had obviously spent the day enveloping herself in the intimacies of the young girl's sex life. Normally, she would have felt a little exposed, but now it was almost… exciting. "Ze notebook is yours of course. I should think zat such an object in my possession would be delightfully misused. However, I did enjoy reading your adventures throughout ze challenge. Ze were quite surprising indeed," Apolline smirked, picking up the book and handing it to her, the young girl raising an eyebrow curiously, "Well, I would 'ave thought zis Ronald would be your choice for ze redhead challenge. Yet his brothers are ze ones you chose? Two of zem? Does ze boy know zis?" "No. But he wouldn't mind. We're a little open about our sex-life. We came to an understanding that we liked each other, but that we wouldn't judge if we had a few encounters of our own. He does things with Padma and Parvati… And apparently… apparently Lavender," Hermione explained as she tucked the book into her back pocket, drinking down some champagne to ease the tension. "An excellent agreement. But, I would wonder 'ow he would think about 'is girlfriend having sex with his brothers?" Apolline asked, knowing full well the intimacies of not only Hermione's sex life but also his incestual brother. Learning of Ron's incestual encounter with his sister made Apolline somewhat interested in meeting him and the redheaded sister of his. Naturally, she was very fond of incest. "Well… He knows I have sex with his sister, I doubt it would make a difference," Hermione mused, trying to avoid coming to a concrete conclusion and knowing full well it would infuriate Ron. But he didn't have to find out and his brothers would never tell him that they spit-roasted her in a broom-cupboard. Would they? "Ah, maybe I am being too forward. You are not 'ere to debate ze hypothetical, non? You are 'ere for a night of pleazure like no ozer?" Apolline purred, handing the young girl her glass of champagne and walking over to the nightstand. Hermione's eyes followed, and she watched as the woman began to undress. With a wave of her wand, the strands of her dress and the strings that held all her clothing in place undone themselves, the garments falling to the ground and the woman breathing a sigh of relief, her plump, immaculate arse on view for Hermione to see. Almost dropping the champagne at the sight of her glorious rear, Hermione felt her cock twitch and bulge, ready for a night of intensity, though one she could have never seen coming. Not at all… Rifling through the drawer, she plucked a small purple bottle from inside of it. Not enough to hold even a shot of liquid. Taking in her hand delicately, she walked back to Hermione, "Zis potion iz your reward. Zat an entire night to explore every opportunity it provides, avec moi. Zat is my only condition. You 'ave to trust me az ze effects are only temporary. I would never 'arm you or wish to do anything of ze sort. I myself 'ave taken zis potion twice before and intended to take it once again. Now… Take a swig of champagne… Non, a little more… bien… And take this…" "What does it do?" Hermione asked as she drank down her glass of champagne, having the glasses taken from her. Apolline moved to hand over the potion, but stopped and pulled her up onto her feet, carefully laying the potion down as if it were the crown jewels. "It does something very special. Ze potion is incredibly rare and difficult to produce. You either 'ave to 'ave a lot of money, talent, or approach ze magical authorities for a dose; one zat often comes with strict rules. So, trust me, it is worth it. Take of your clothes. It will make it easier," Apolline explained, helping Hermione out of her t-shirt. Undoing her bra for her, Apolline sank to her knees to remove her jeans and panties, letting her thick and throbbing cock bounce free. Standing up, Apolline admired the young girl's gorgeous body, their cocks bouncing closer and closer together. Retrieving the potion, she handed it to Hermione, "Trust moi?" "Yeah… Sure… Of course,…" Hermione breathed, letting Apolline uncork the bottle and hand it delicately over to her. Gently, she tipped it back into her throat, swallowing it. It tasted sweet. Unbearably sweet. Like pure honey, only intensified and made evens sweeter. Coughing at the sickliness, she felt it travel down her throat and land in her stomach, sitting there. And then, a pleasant warming sensation, trickling all the way down to her cock. Suddenly, it felt like she was on the verge of pissing herself, her cock growing exceptionally warm for a second. And then, just like that, she felt herself grow flaccid, her cock shrivelling, unaroused. Apolline looked down between the young girl's legs, licking her lips as she watched. Twitching slightly, Hermione felt her body tighten, her stomach twisting sharply, before settling down. And then, she felt her thighs start to dampen. As if she had in fact pissed herself. Steadying herself, she looked down, her eyes widening and her mind becoming completely and utterly baffled. She couldn't believe her eyes and it was only as Apolline hushed her and attempted to explain that she calmed down. Her cock was gone, replaced instead by a thin and delicate slit, her folds peeling apart like the petals of a flower. Her newfound anatomy was slick and drenched with arousal, the substance rolling down her creamy thigh. Shocked at first, she dipped her hand down between her legs, feeling funny at the lack of weight between her thighs. She felt lighter and airier, and as she threaded her fingers through the slick flesh, a sudden burst of immense satisfaction coursed through her body, pleasure like no other rippling through her bones. Staggering backwards, she moaned loudly, an orgasm sweeping over her, though intensified to new and exciting levels. Moaning loudly, she was caught by Apolline, held upright as she shuddered and twitched, the arousal dripping from her pussy streaming more and more, her body growing a thin layer of glowing sweat. Guiding the young girl over to the bed, Apolline began to explain, calmly and in her soothing French drawl. "In order to reproduce, a witch must drink a dose of zis potion. It allows zem to return to what ze muggles call a vagina. Ugly word. I prefer quim… or more crudely, a pussy. It lasts about 'alf a day, zen ze woman reverts back to her normal form. Before ze delivery of ze baby, another draught of ze potion is taken. If not, zen… zen it iz a little unfortunate… Ze potion itself is incredibly 'ard to make and iz primarily produced by ze government. Ze 'and it out to anyone provided zat they use it to produce a child. If ze do not, zen they are fined ze entire price of ze potion. And believe me, it iz very expensive. I 'appened to procure zis bottle when a family member died. Tragic. Zey never 'ad a chance to use it. Alas, now I 'ave a chance to use it. And experience ze pleazures it provides from ze ozer side," Apolline explained as Hermione caught her breath, still quite unable to come to terms with it, "Believe moi, being fucked like zat is like no ozer. When me and Monsieur Delacour conceived Fleur and Gabrielle, I begged for it again and again until ze effects wore of. It was intensity like no ozer." "And you're happy to share it with me?" Hermione breathed, choking back her panic and consoling herself with the fact that it was only temporary. And if her initial, instantaneous orgasm was anything to go by, this was going to be sublime. Like no other. Apolline brushed a hair from her eye and smirked. "Oui… I 'ave enough children. And… Well… I 'ave often wondered what it would be like to give rather than to receive in such a state. And what is life without a little fun every now and again," Apolline smirked, her cock twitching between her legs, eager to see what Hermione could provide. "But… But I'm fertile? That's how the potion works? I mean no offence, but I'm not exactly looking for a child…" Hermione stammered, her mind instantly turning to the obvious approach. Apolline did nothing but laugh in response, walking over to the cupboard and pulling out a small bowl. "Ze muggles are really wonderous people. Zey 'ave invented a way for one to fuck like zis and not impregnate one anozer. And, zey 'ave made it so zat one may customise. Look, zese ones are red, and blue… And… Mon dieu! Zese taste of banana!" Apolline exclaimed, sliding down beside Hermione and displaying a bowl of condoms, the young muggleborn instantly understanding what she meant. She wasn't exactly well-versed in muggle sex-education. They didn't explain the intricacies in Primary School. She always knew she was different, and her mother made clear to not let anyone see her downstairs appendage. But she never knew that muggle women had slits down there. At least, she never imagined that they would look like that which was between her legs now. Of course, she knew what condoms were from boisterous talk from bawdry boys and of course, the muggle-born students at Hogwarts. She swore she even saw Seamus bragging as he waved one around. "Oh… My, this is… this is strange," Hermione breathed, still a little taken aback by it all. Having your body entirely changed in such a unique way was difficult to comprehend. Sure, she had been transformed into a half-cat person, but having something that was so vital to her life disappear took some getting used to. "We can take our time. Zere is plenty time zis evening and in ze morning… I'm glad you shaved downstairs as well… Zere can be unfortunate side-effects if one is 'airy down there. Ze hairs can get intertwined in the transformation and it… it iz incredibly painful I 'ave 'eard. I must say, it suits you… Not as much as zat 'efty cock of yours, but it looks pretty on your body…" Apolline purred, reclining and propping herself up on an elbow, trailing her fingers across Hermione's belly, hoping to calm and soothe the young girl. "How does it feel? You know when you put… When someone puts their cock inside?" Hermione asked, almost childishly, eliciting a giggle from Apolline as she pulled her body closer to Hermione's, her large puffy breasts spilling out and onto Hermione's chest as she leant her lips down to the young girl's neck, gently nibbling at the girl's soft and supple flesh. "Zere are millions more nerve endings in a woman's quim than there are in an asshole. Imagine the sensation of 'aving your prostate massaged by a thick and veiny cock. Imagine zat small pleazure. Zat is the sensation you feel across every inch of your pussy. It is intense, sublime, succulent and so fucking good…" Apolline purred, biting her lip as she recalled the divine nights in which she used the potion, the immense and seemingly incomparable pleasure of being fucked in such a new way, "And then… then zere is ze clitoris…" Without missing a beat, Apolline's fingers slipped down to Hermione's newfound slit, curling through her folds and nestling up against her clit. The sensitive bead of flesh throbbed beneath Apolline's touch, her fingers rounding across the hardened nub and gently massaging the flesh. Hermione's breath was robbed from her, her moans reduced to silent ghostly panting. It was intensity like no other, as if Apolline had he prostate in the palm of her hand, ready to squeeze and massage, making the young witch squirm in the most delightful of ways. Gently tickling the young girl's sensitive bead of slick flesh, Apolline watch the eroticism flash across Hermione's eyes. It didn't matter if she wasn't swayed by this point, as the simple massaging of the most sensitive spot on her body was enough to win her over. Moaning hungrily, Hermione instinctively pushed her crotch upwards, chasing more of the intense and sublime pleasure, wanting Apolline to claim her body and show her the true depths of pleasure that could be divined from this illicit situation. Any doubt and worry in her mind bled away instantly. The hornier and hungrier side of her wanted to experience this new world. Had this situation been presented to the Hermione that had been so timid at the World Cup only a year prior, she would have fled in fear. Now, embolden by her own sexual promiscuity, she craved the new experience and the throbbing pulsating urge to be fucked that was building in her core was not liable to be satiated anytime soon. Looking to Apolline, she gazed at her lustfully, pleading with her puppy-dog eyes for the woman to wrought her pussy with the most immense pleasure she could provide. Apolline saw the look in her eye and melted, pushing her lips against Hermione's as she gently rolled on top of her, pinning their soft squishy breasts together, their sensitive nipples poking and prodding one another, battling for dominance. Kissing her delicately, the two women chased each other's tongues, their hands exploring one another's bodies as they melted into each other's grasps, moaning constantly, grinning as they grinded more and more intimately together, Hermione's pussy being carved in two by Apolline's cock, the sensitive woman's folds tingling in the most sublime and interesting way. Slowly, Apolline began to trail her lips downwards, tracing her kisses along Hermione's chest, dancing between her two nipples and sinking between her soft and supple breasts, savouring the young girl's creamy, soft flesh. Gliding further and further south, Apolline eventually came to Hermione's slick and delicious thighs, her pussy dripping with arousal, begging to be devoured in the most intimate and intense ways. Displayed like a delectable feast, her pussy was incredible. Taken aback by being placed face to face with something that always seemed so alien, Apolline halted. Sure, she could have found a muggle to enjoy, but there was something about the intensity that she felt during her experiences with the potion that made it special. As if the potion heightened the sensitivity or made it more enjoyable. Partly through self-abstinence, she found herself finally presented with a perfect looking pussy and twelve hours to lavish it in any and every way. Unsure where to start, Apolline started broad. Laying the flat of her tongue against the base of Hermione's pussy, she dragged it slowly along her quim, covering most if not all of her cunt with salvia and rendering the Gryffindor completely speechless. The feeling of immense pleasure rushed over her, as if she was being attacked at multiple different spots, her body simply swarmed with the pleasurable sensation of Apolline's tongue. Quickly darting back and forth, Apolline began to slowly spread Hermione's pussy wider and wider, peeling apart her folds and allowing her body to open like a flower. Tasting her sweetness on her tongue, Apolline was reduced to a hungry, animalistic sensibility. Her prim and proper posterior was reduced to a slavering beast, her tongue craving the taste of the young girl. She had of course tasted herself during her uses of the potion, but they had been so few and far between that tasting a delicious pussy was like tasting it for the first time. The sweetness slipped through her body and she wanted nothing if not to be bathed in the substance. It was a peculiar situation where both women were driven by heightened sense. Apolline's pussy depravation meant that she was driven to simply lavish and love the taste, her lack of it in the past forcing her to enjoy it. Hermione, however, was rendered immobile by the sheer pleasure. It was completely new and unbelievable, overwhelming in fact. Putting aside the fact that the potion accentuated the nerve endings that made up her pussy, the pleasures were far too intense to simply be savoured calmly. She worried that she would wake the entire carriage with the sounds of her squeals, a worry that Apolline not only shared but embraced. It would definitely show Madame Maxime if they kept her awake all night with the sound of their lovemaking. Wouldn't be the first time on Apolline's part, but she'd take no lesser pleasure in it. And with such a tight, sopping wet hole at her disposal, she'd making use of it all night long. Imagine experiencing the pleasure of masturbation for the first time ever though without having grown up with fleeting glances at it. Without the brief and fluttering moments where you accidentally rubbed yourself or experimented for the first time. Imagine pure and unadulterated newfound pleasure. Entirely new and entirely unfelt before. The sensation would be pleasurable enough to drive the weak mad and the strong through countless unending orgasms. Hermione, as an example of the latter, felt another building inside her from naught but a few licks and rubs. Lunging her tongue along the girl's pussy, Apolline eagerly and hungrily devoured every aspect of Hermione's cunt that she could, using her tongue to explore anything and everything. Ignoring Hermione's impassioned squeals and delectable wriggling, Apolline curled her tongue beneath every fold and flap, clumsily exploring as best she could. Instinct couldn't guide her and so she chased Hermione's insatiable moans. Whenever they gained an octave, she knew she had found a sweet-spot, her tongue focusing on whatever portion of her pussy that was, making sure to milk it for all it was worth. Her own moans dribbled from between her lips, the subtle vibrations reverberating across Hermione's quim, making it all the sweeter. Throbbing between her thighs, Apolline's cock was begging for more pleasure, begging to be squeezed and suckled, tenderised by soft and delicate hands. However, Apolline ignored those desires, knowing full well that a blowjob and handjob were a dime a dozen; an intimate oral feast with a delicious and slick pussy, not so much. Using her hands to push Hermione's thighs backwards, Apolline spread her pussy wider, her hole blossoming in front of her, folding outwards to reveal her soaking depths. A hollow moan escaped Apolline's lips as she gazed down at the sumptuous flesh, diving in with her tongue lavishing everything that she could. Pushing her tongue deep into Hermione's untouched entrance, she caused the girl to gasp, the new sensation of having something lodged inside her sensitive hole making her almost orgasm again. Holding of, she writhed beneath Apolline's tender touch, completely unaware that Apolline wasn't exceptionally talented in this respect. If anything, Apolline was doing a job that would barely be special were it on a muggle, however, a magically enchanted pussy rendered even the slightest touch orgasmic, making Apolline a queen at it. Jamming her tongue as deep as she possible could inside of Hermione's pussy, Apolline unwittingly pushed her nose firmly against Hermione's clit, sending the young girl into shock, her cunt tingling and spasming in the most delightful way, tightening uncontrollably around Apolline's tongue, pulling the wriggling muscle deeper and deeper into her clutching hole. Moaning as juices dribbled along her chin and tongue, Apolline wiggled her tongue as deep as possible inside of the young girl, wanting to make her cum from her oral pleasures. Her fingers clenched tighter into Hermione's thighs, her digits becoming slicker as Hermione's glistening hole spilled out, drenching her skin in her juices. Gripping tighter, Apolline eventually gave up, simply wrapping her arms around her legs and pulling her closer in, diving her tongue deeper inside, spurred on even more by the constant streams of moans coming from Hermione. Apolline wondered just how sublime this evening would have been sharing it with Fleur, but quickly pushed it from her mind. The true lingering question she had was one that brought a smirk to her face and was an experiment she was dying to try. A shame she wouldn't get a chance. She couldn't help but picture Harry having taken the potion, his flat chiselled chest sliding down into his very own feminine anatomy. It was a sight that was certainly special and very much something she would have paid exponentially to see. And no doubt Hermione would have sacrificed her opportunity to see that as well. A little femboy Harry. Having Gabrielle and Fleur was one thing, but her own little boy-toy was something that she would simply adore. She'd have to invest in one when she went back to France as for now she only had her fantasies, of which there were many. Her cock throbbed and twitch, pulsating at the sheer and simply thought, those thoughts driving her tongue to go deeper and harder into the young girl, exploring wildly inside of her with a lusciously slippery tongue. Hermione's eyes remained fixed on Apolline and her tongue, enthralled with the sight between her legs. She simply adored the way her pussy peeled apart, the slickness that was born from it, and the way her hole interacted with Apolline's tongue, her folds flapping away as she dove deeper inside. She could have watched and played with it all day, not with any sexual intent; simply wanting to peel her folds to one side and see what it was like. Not only that, but she couldn't help but wonder what it would look like, pulling apart to accommodate Apolline's mammoth thick cock. The thought alone made her moan, her mind trailing down a rabbit hole of immense pleasures. She pictured Ginny, Harry and Ron, all of them taking one of her holes, neither having to share, each one hammering into her slowly and tenderly, working orgasm after orgasm over her body. A simple tongue inside her was enough to elicit such a strong reaction, she could only imagine what a cock would do. Or two… Or maybe three. It was certainly more pliable and perhaps a little easier in terms of hard and fast sex. Never before did she imagine being such a submissive little slut, but there was nothing more intensely satisfying than the thought of being mercilessly pounded in her tight little cunt. Oh, the pleasure, she thought, finally drawing her eyes away from Apolline's tongue long enough to recline backwards, pushing her hips up and into Apolline's face, begging for it deeper. Begging for more. Like a good slutty, fucking whore… "Oh… Oh, go on… Deeper please… I need it… I want it…" Hermione moaned unconsciously, letting her mind and lips run wild. Grinning into her pussy, Apolline provided such a pleasure, pushing her tongue deeper inside, smothering her nose with Hermione's slick and glossy flesh as she endeavoured to make the young girl cum and cum hard. Apolline primarily wanted to see what happened as she had glorious memories of her orgasms when using the potion and found that having a pussy could be just as messy as a cock, under the right pressure. Licking her lips, she pulled back, her lips and face a sticky unceremonious mess. Lunging forwards, she wrapped her lips around Hermione's swollen clit, suckling softly on the bead of pure pleasure, rendering Hermione near catatonic with pleasure. Her silent squeal filled the room and she shrieked with unbelievable pleasure. Managing to hold off for the briefest of moments, she indulged the simple pleasure of having Apolline's tongue play with her clit, bouncing it back and forth, flicking it as if it were a plaything and flooding her senses with immeasurable and unbelievable pleasure. Hermione could have sworn, for the briefest of moments, that her tongue lolled to the side of her mouth, her eyes rolling into the back of her head, and her thoughts grew foggy, until she snapped back into reality, her orgasm snapping alongside her. Her body shuddered, the girl humping the air and grinding against Apolline's face. Pulling her lips away, Apolline grinned, watching Hermione's crotch, belly and breasts undulate, rising and falling rapidly. She didn't even need to touch the girl for her orgasm to flood through her, cascading through her body, flowing like a river. Which was an apt description, as moments later, a burst of her arousal spurted into the air, spraying Apolline's face, causing her to grin wildly, clapping as she was showered in Hermione's squirt. Thrusting forwards, she let out a few smaller and meeker offerings, her pussy spasming and clenching in a purely sensational way. Flopping back against the bed, she lay breathless, her depths still clutching and spasming in response. Rising to her feet, Apolline grabbed a towel and began to dab herself clean, wiping up her face and breasts, making sure she was a little more presentable before she slid down into a seat beside her dresser, her hand lazily jerking back and forth along her cock. Hermione lay there, afraid that if she moved, she'd simply faint. For five minutes she lay there, breathless and completely stunned, the wave of pleasure that had rocked through her finally coming to a standstill. Moaning softly as she turned to Apolline, she was once again met with the sight of her gorgeous cock, wanting nothing more than to be filled to the brim with it. She didn't think she'd last long enough to make Apolline cum, but Hermione was still working on the pretence that her orgasms were limited. She didn't quite remember that the pleasure she could provide was infinite and entirely relying on her own stamina and the eagerness with which Apolline was going to fuck her. Little did she know that Apolline had ingested a strong virility potion, one far stronger than she usually used. She was going to get her money's worth and she wasn't going to stop until every part of Hermione, her room and herself was drenched in cum. Finally braving the movement to push herself onto her elbows, Hermione smirked, laughing almost maniacally as she came to terms with what just happened, "That was… Well worth being groped up by a pervert… And asking a well-respected teacher to suck me off…" "Well, the night iz not over… Zere are pleazures abound to be enjoyed… Besides… Zat reward of yours, comes with a price," Apolline purred, reclining in her chair, stroking herself faster and faster. She wouldn't bring herself to her end, but she could still savour the delicate touch of a talented Veela's palm. Though she could think of a multitude of things that would be a better fit than her hand. Not that the fit would be perfect. With a little work, Apolline was certain she could make her fit like a glove. "And what's that?" Hermione asked, her usual wit being replaced by carnal lust. Apolline couldn't help but smirk in response, her hand continuing to speed along her cock, hoping the young girl would be smart enough to put two and two together. Grabbing from the nearby bowl and condom, Apolline rather uncharacteristically tore it open with her teeth, slipping the extra-large sheathe over her thick and veiny cock, jerking it a few times to ensure it remained in place. "Mon ami… Zey say zat you are smart. What do you think I could possibly want in return? Zat you could offer me?" Apolline said in her normal salacious drawl. Finally clicking into place, Hermione blushed, giggling slightly as she rolled to the edge of the bed. Standing up on shaky, uneven feet, she walked slowly towards Apolline, moving back and forth, unable to walk straight with her new anatomy. She was always used to a bounce between her thighs, yet now it was so different. The smallest of things proved to be most peculiar. Looking up at Hermione's gorgeous form, her soft plump breasts and newfound slickness between the legs, Apolline stopped her jerking, instead sliding her hand to the base of her cock, holding it stiff and steady. Biting her lip, Hermione straddled Apolline holding herself above the head of the massive cock, her hand slipping down instinctively towards her folds. Snaking two fingers through her slit, she spread herself as wide as possible, knowing that it was going to be a tight fit. It wasn't going to be as bad as taking it in her ass, but it was plenty threatening even with the pulsating lubricant running down her thighs. Breathing heavily, Hermione was taken by nerves, hovering in place; half-squatting, half standing. Apolline in and endeavour to calm her, leant forwards planting her soft, lips against Hermione's belly, trailing kisses across her soft skin, whilst slowly using one hand to guide Hermione's hips slowly downwards, easing herself up against the girl's delicate dainty slit. Beginning to feel the pressure building at her pussy, Hermione moaned, the sensation not quite unlike that whenever a cock rubbed up against her asshole. Only this time, there was no need to find the right angle or the sweet-spot that allowed you to carve through the hole. Instead, she was like butter, the hole stretching and contorting to accommodate the thickness begging to enter her. All she needed to do was slowly ease downwards and she felt herself give away. The head of Apolline's cock burst inside of her, the young girl gasping and clutching at the woman's shoulders to steady herself. Apolline's kisses continued, trailing up to the soft curve of her breasts, her neck unable to crane any higher than that. The sensation was like no other, pleasure building at her entrance, threatening to course across her body in an instant. Halting for a moment, and only a moment, Hermione's mind came to a quick and sudden realisation: she wanted more. She needed no further convincing as she slowly began to ease herself downwards, pushing her pussy to newfound limits, stretching herself in ways she never thought imaginable. Apolline's hands guided her hips down, a grin of pure ecstatic pride etching itself across her face as she felt her cock sinking into an unbearably tight, wet, warm hole. It was the combination of the tight lavish depths of an asshole and the slick warmth of a throat, all combined into an indulgent entrance. She now understood the craze amongst muggles, the hungering for the sweet depths. It was making her cock sing in ways she didn't quite understand or even want to, all with only a third of her length being submerged. Hermione's eyes rolled into the back of her head, her arms tightening around Apolline's neck. The woman's cock bulged in the middle, widening and forcing her to stretch even more. She quickly felt the head of Apolline's cock reach her depths, the tip prodding against what was her cervix. However, her depths could accommodate a lot more, with her cunt stretching and expanding to indulge more and more, the girl sinking lower and lower, eagerly, hungrily taking all the woman's cock, never quite knowing when her arse would collide with Apolline's thighs and when her cock would finally hammer home. "Holy shit… Oh, that's…" Hermione breathed, wriggling back and forth, feeling Apolline's cock rearranging her insides with even the slightest of movements. The woman's hands gently caressed her supple young body, massaging her in an attempt to make it more comfortable. Little did Apolline know that Hermione was sold on the pleasure, craving it hungrily. Though, in saying that, she remained still, a little afraid to move, her pussy bubbling on the verge of an intense orgasm at the hands of such a veiny intruder. "C'est merveilleux… I know. My 'usband is not as big as me, but even he made me quiver incessantly with the first stroke. The feeling of being so full and oh… mon dieu!" Apolline exclaimed, a part of her wanting to experience that pleasure herself again, whilst another part reminded her a new evening of pleasure awaited her with Hermione's first bounce upon her cock. "I feel like if I move, I'll cum again…" Hermione breathed, chuckling as she began to gently hover, moving herself back and forth, grinding against Apolline's cock, savouring the way that she simply bounced around inside of her, stretching her wider and wider with each movement. Of all the cocks to experience this with for the first time, Hermione was both glad and terrified that it was with the largest, thickest, most virulent cock she had encountered. With Harry or Ron, it would have been bliss, but it wouldn't have threatened rendering her listless or even unconscious. The pleasure was near unbearably intense. Near, mind you. With the hungry lust of a thousand sluts in both the women's eyes, Hermione fear of cumming to quickly or too often would quickly be thrown like caution to the wind. After all, they had only spent half an hour of twelve hours so far. Slowly, Hermione lifted her hips slowly along Apolline's cock, shifting only a couple inches out of herself before being forced to come crashing down, the pleasure spilling in buckets from her pussy, her arousal standing comparative to how horny she was. Moaning, both women didn't mind that they were taking it slow. Both of them were usually a lot rougher, but the freshness of the experience prompted them to savour it. Besides, Apolline had her eyes set on the moment where Hermione would allow her to roughly pound that little hole of hers and truly unleash her sexual vibrancy on the young girl. Building a steady rhythm, Hermione began to speed up, the pleasure becoming mellow enough for her not to have to take a few moments to breathe after every bounce. Soon enough, the room was filled with soft moans and wet slaps, the sound of their bodies colliding in such a slick and slippery way becoming music to both their ears; Hermione more so. Forcing herself to lengthen her strides, Hermione managed to take half of Apolline's cock in and out of herself without shuddering in disbelief. The woman's size was both a boon and an annoyance, overwhelming the young slut as she vividly impaled herself again and again on such a thick and vein cock. Apolline's hands ran along her skin, gently massaging her as she rode the massive cock like a dutiful whore. Gently squeezing Hermione's plump breasts, she tweaked her pert nipples with her fingers, the additional pleasure working to stimulate Hermione and push her even further. Her orgasm was coming closer and closer, but Hermione didn't care. She continued to rise up and down the cock, feeling every inch and vein she could, slowly building herself to the point where she was hammering up and down, her ass cheeks clapping as she lifted and dropped along the mammoth length. Apolline's prideful look turned to pure lust, watching as almost every inch of her cock came out of Hermione before being slammed all the way back inside, the young girl's cunt spasming and clenching in the most delightful way. Supporting herself with Apolline's shoulders, she let her sexuality consume her, right up until the moment her next orgasm hit her. Stopping suddenly, she hung there for a moment, her pussy twitching rapidly as she sank back down, grinding to a halt and simply moaning loudly, her orgasm flushing red upon her cheeks. Clinging to Apolline as she rode through the pleasure of her first orgasm via vaginal fucking, Hermione let the last drops of pleasure dribble out of her body before she opened her eyes and saw the salacious intent on Apolline's eyes. Having not cum yet, Apolline wanted nothing more than to show the young girl just what could be achieved from this potion. Hermione, breathless, could tell what Apolline wanted, and with a breathless nod, she conceded to being used as a proverbial fuck toy at the hands of the older woman. With Hermione's permission, Apolline hooked her hands underneath Hermione's thighs, lifting the girl up as she stood, keeping herself submerged inside of the schoolgirl. Staggering towards the bed, she flopped Hermione down, landing on top of her as she spread the young girl's legs, her pussy stretching as well. Moaning at the sensation, Hermione looked up and saw Apolline lean backwards so that she was standing off the bed, stooped at Hermione's pussy level, ready to hammer her into oblivion. The first stroke set the pace for Hermione and completely changed the mood of the evening. Slowly, Apolline drew her hips backwards, right up until only the tip remained, before hammering hard home. The resonating sound of their bodies colliding filled the room, Hermione's body going limp as her legs fell to her side. Her tongue lolled in her mouth and her eyes almost rolled back into her head. Moaning, Hermione did nothing but lay there and accept it. The intimate near romantic nature of the rest of the evening bled away into pure bliss. Apolline and her weren't fucking for anything remotely emotional. It was pleasure. Pure pleasure. Were Apolline to kiss her now, it would feel weird. They were shagging for pleasure alone. And that was heavenly for Hermione. Laying there, she accepted each deep and powerful thrust into her pussy, spreading her legs to allow herself to be used harder and harder. Her breasts bounced with each thrust, the more powerful of which caused her tits to bounce and almost slap across her face. Eventually, she seized her breasts and began to massage them, around the time that Apolline switched from long and deep, to fast and hard, sending her body into shivering cataclysms of pleasure. Leaning forwards slightly, Apolline quickened her thrusts, moaning herself as she watched with absolute glee at the emotions running across Hermione's face. Her eyes had rolled closed, her body spasming with pleasure. It was truly joyous to watch those sensations ripple across her face. Her own cock was close to explode, though not in a bad way. Her shaft was near to pumping the condom full of her thick, creamy cum, though despite the encroaching finality of that, Apolline felt nothing but pure arousal. She could have came a hundred time and would still have the stamina to continue capitalising on this salacious situation. The virility potion she had previously consumed was a little stronger than most, meaning that even through her orgasm, she could continue the rhythmic pounding of Hermione's tight little snatch, even as cum poured from her condom and dribbled down and along her balls. Apolline had prepared to enjoy every moment of this evening. Right to the last moments where Hermione's pussy was replaced with her usual thick cock. Even then, it was liable she'd squeeze another shag out of the young girl. Suddenly, Apolline's cock spurted several long ropes of cum out of her throbbing tip, filling the condom to the brim. Not stopping, she continued to fuck Hermione, slamming into the young girl again and again, the warm cum trickling down her shaft only amplifying the pleasure. Coming to the same realisation that Hermione did, Apolline threw away all intimate pretence and simply caved to the need for pleasure. Rolling Hermione over onto all fours, Apolline entered her pussy once again, grabbing Hermione's round, fat arse cheeks and using them to pull her back onto her cock, the young girl hungrily bouncing on the thick cock, moaning as her arousal dribbled down her thigh, her skin growing slicker and slicker as she grew hornier and hornier. Pleasure built and bubbled inside her, Hermione happily being thrown around like a ragdoll and fucked in whatever position Apolline wanted. Fucking her from behind, Apolline eventually pulled the young girl backwards, forcing her to kneel upwards so that the blonde could fondle the girl's breasts as she rutted against her like a wild dog. Moaning in unison, they both melted into the moment, craving nothing but that next orgasm. The next hour was spent dancing across the room from position to position. One second, Apolline would have Hermione up against the wall, next the young girl would be riding her like her life depended on it. Orgasms descended into momentary bursts of relief instead of the session ending moments of bliss. Each woman came and continued, letting it heighten their senses before they continued fucking and fucking hard. Cum began to pour out of Apolline's condom with each orgasm, the previous load of cum being forced out by the new one and adorning each of their bodies with sticky residue. Lifting Hermione into her arms, she bounced her up and along her cock, all before planting the brunette on the bed, forcing her to prop herself up onto her shoulders so that Apolline could jack-hammer down and into he young girl's cunt, hammering away for minutes on end before tiring and switching the position. Cum and arousal spilled everywhere, until finally, both Hermione and Apolline flopped, breathless and exhausted. Peeling her condom off, Apolline jerked her cum soaked cock as she caught her breath, the two of them sweaty and tired. Hermione couldn't help but grin, unable to wipe the smirk of glee of her face. Apolline was much the same. Neither of them was done. That was the important thing. Despite countless orgasms and their bodies aching, they knew that the pleasure they were both feeling was worth pushing through it. However, it was only when Hermione glanced over at the clock on the wall that she truly understood just what that meant. They had been fucking for two hours. Two of twelve hours. Hermione didn't know whether or not to be thrilled or terrified. It was only when Apolline folded another condom over her cock and impaled her once more that she simply gave up and let herself get fucked; pleasure rippling across her body uncontrollably. Author's Note: And thus, is answered the question I get asked most often and have been asked probably once per chapter. How to pureblood babies get born? Well… unsurprisingly the answer is well… well, it's magic, innit? Might have guessed… But, regardless, those who want details have them. This was an exceptionally strange chapter to write. Because I had to approach it in such a way that normal sex seemed alien. It was very counter to most stories I've ever written. Most stories have vaginal sex being really tame and usually the first thing characters do. But I had to write it where it was really kinky, which was exceptionally weird. I intend to do more of this kind of stuff in the future, namely in the sequel. We'll explore the potions and their effects and will probably explore their uses on characters that aren't female. Which brings me onto my next point. I wrote this story as a response to the fact that there wasn't much shemale fanfiction. I wanted to fill a gap. And so, in that spirit, this story will be expanding to include gay sex, hardcore sex and so on and so forth. I want to provide that which there is a lack of. But, I also want to make it clear that that doesn't mean people should just abandon the story. Because of how my stories work, if you don't like one of the chapters, just wait till the next one. If one includes some gay content, skip it and next week'll be something different. Just putting that out there as the next chapter in particular experiments a little. I will however be including warnings and stuff, so don't worry about accidentally stumbling on something you don't like. I also have a work around for those who want to get the gist of events, but not want to read about blokes shafting one another. Which brings me onto the next chapter. The eighth final chapter… The Cup is as Hermione said, a friendly competition. And this chapter is emblematic of just that. In preparation of the final task, the Champions are invited to an evening of relaxation; massages, food and the such. But of course, Fleur's going so… Yeah. Till next time! P.S. Commissions are still open. Would love to get a couple. If I get a couple, chances are I'll get the next chapter and maybe another one done for next week. Love ya guys!
Author's Note: I realise that I said there would be two one-shots, but I changed my mind. This is the original one-shot that I wrote, but I tweaked and adjusted it so that it would fit within the main story and actually connect. It didn't take that much effort and so I figured I may as well put that effort in because it's a particularly sultry idea that would be criminal to not include in the main story. After all, we all need a little more Luna in our lives. She has been one of the most popular characters in this story, so it will be particularly fun to dedicate an entire chapter to her and her lustful ways as she celebrates Christmas. If you are interested in hearing my plans for the new year, then read to the very end, as I have listed an outline of what I'll be focussing on and aiming to do. It's the same end note that has been placed on pretty much every updated story, so if you have already read it, then feel free to skip. However, at the very end of that end note, there will be a teaser for the next chapter in this story, so give it a wee little peek to get yourself excited for what is coming next in the realm of Sensations of Shemales. So, with nothing left to say, join Luna as she wishes her newfound friends a very Merry Christmas in the only way she knows how. Just as her mother taught her. Chapter 43: Christmas With Luna Lovegood Rolling over in her bed, Luna slowly awoke, a smile etching itself across her face as she realised what day it was. She could barely contain her childlike excitement as she threw back her sheets and bounced out of bed. Her roommates glanced at her with the usual disdain as they too began to dress themselves, watching out of the corner of their eyes as Luna glanced into the mirror, lightly brushing her hair, dressed in a silk nightie that was far too sultry for a girl like her. It was Christmas and if there was one thing that Luna loved, it was Christmas. This wasn't normally the case, however this year was rather special. In previous years, she had only Ginny as a close friend and confidant, meaning that celebrating Christmas was rather… small-scale. She could hardly boast the biggest friend group and thus preparing presents was never that exciting, despite that being Luna's favourite part. Only this year, she had a far larger sphere of influence. Harry, Hermione, Ron, Ginny, Fleur; all of them close friends in her mind, despite having very limited time with a couple of them. Not that it mattered. Luna had spent several weeks planning just what she was going to do for all of them and in her usual salacious mind, that amount to the most perverse and kinky realms of sex that she could possibly devise. A Christmas tradition. Christmas was naturally rather eclectic in the Lovegood household, however her father neglected to indulge in the more lustful aspects. It was Luna's mother that had introduced the young blonde to the various Christmas traditions that had in turn been handed down to her by her mother. Whilst her mother had long since passed, Luna felt as if she was almost carrying on the torch by retaining the same practices. It was her way of paying tribute to her mother in a weirdly perverse way. All of this wasn't to say that she and her mother were every intimate with one another. No, neither of them ever went beyond being incidentally naked with one another, but that didn't stop her rather… strange mother from audibly passing on the many things that she did to celebrate Christmas. It was the last Christmas before her mother passed away when Luna was finally allowed to join in her mother's traditions. The first was that from the moment you wake up, you have to remove all your clothes before leaving your bedroom. As to why this was a tradition for her, Luna could never guess, yet she convinced herself that the gift of her nudity was some small blessing to those who didn't get a present from her. They still got something of a smile out of her naked body. Besides, Luna had never been shy about her naked body, with her roommates growing tired of the blonde reading in the buff and often wandering the castle halls naked, at least of late. The second tradition was that of presents; her mother always said that the best gift was a brand-new experience; a never before felt sensation or pleasure. Luna had never understood what she meant until in her youth, she began to spy on her parents in the evening of Christmas, when her mother gave her father his present. Every year her mother performed some new acrobatic sexual position for her father, unwittingly making sex synonymous with Luna's idea of Christmas presents. It wouldn't be until she and Ginny became close friends that Luna would begin to experiment with gifts of her own, but that deep-seated idea that the best present was sex always guided Luna towards coming up with new positions and acts to perform on her close friend. She still remembered how Ginny's first ever Christmas present from her was the blonde devouring the redhead's tight little asshole, forever making rimming a part of their sexual repertoire. As Luna finished in the mirror, she unabashedly pulled the silk nightie up and over her head tossing it in her trunk and revealing her supple naked body. Her roommates growled beneath their breath, hating just how flagrant the young girl was with her nudity. The rest of them had the courtesy to not simply flaunt their tits and cock, something that Luna hadn't ever been taught. However, every in the room was simply left astounded as Luna didn't even bother to put any other clothes on and simply turned towards the door and disappeared around the corner. They all glanced at one another, completely baffled by the girl's complete lack of modesty. As Luna bounced through the tower, she was ground to a halt as one of the doors open and she was intercepted by someone. Unwittingly bumping up against them, Luna staggered backwards and profusely apologised as she recognised the older girl. Turning around, Padma's eyes widened as she saw Luna's completely naked body, the Indian girl groaning beneath her breath as the sight of her exposed creamy skin made her cock begin to harden. Her clothes were being washed, meaning that she had rather tight-fitting jeans on, making her hardness exceptionally apparent. She had hoped to rendezvous with her sister before it became too noticeable, but the sudden nakedness of the rather cute young blonde had shattered those plans completely, "Oh… Loon… I mean, Luna… Why… Why are you? You do realise you are naked, right? Shouldn't you be… I don't know… Dressed?" "Why would I be dressed today? Of all days?" Luna smiled back to her, causing Padma to raise an eyebrow in confusion as she let her eyes wander up and down the young girl's body. She was remarkably well endowed for such a thin and lithe body. And her pert little breasts were the definition of cuteness. However, Padma made increasingly unsubtle attempts to catch a glimpse of what proved to be a rather delicious looking arse. Of all the people she imagined being attractive naked, Loony Lovegood was not one of them. "What? Tuesdays?" Padma asked, as Luna giggled and moved to walk past her, ignoring the girl's words entirely and winding away on one of her dreamy little tangents. Stopping however, Luna quickly realised just how rude that was. Not the fact that she completely ignored the girl's question, but instead the fact that she had been so stingy on Christmas Day. It was safe to say that Luna was completely in the festive mood as she turned back around. "I'm sorry, Parvati. It was rude of me not to offer. I didn't prepare anything special, but you've always been nice to me. Would you like a Christmas present?" Luna asked, completely glossing over the fact she mistook the twin's identity, something that made her sigh. Startled by the offer, Padma brushed it aside, figuring that there was nothing Loony Lovegood could do that would surprise her. "Christmas… Pres… You know what? Sure. I'd love a Christmas present, Luna," Padma smiled, humouring the young blonde and unwittingly solving her pitched tent problem at the same time. Not worrying about her public, she was, Luna closed the distance between her and Padma, sliding down onto her knees in front of her and reaching her hands up to the young girl's tightened jeans, gently squeezing her crotch and eliciting a gasp from Padma. It wasn't one of pleasure, but simply surprise that the present in question was so blatantly sexual. She had expected a kiss on the cheek or to be allowed a quick fondle of the blonde's tits given how naked she was, not that Luna would simply slide down onto her knees and get to work on her cock. Had she known that Hogwarts' easiest piece of ass was in the dorm-room next to her, Padma could have saved herself long and stressful nights where she had to wait for her sister to relieve her the next morning. The initial reaction in Padma was to stop her and politely decline, yet the Indian girl had been steadily broadening her horizons when it came to sexual partners as of late and quickly saw no problem in simply letting Luna have her fun. Not that she expected the social outcast introvert to be especially skilled when it came to sex. Yet, the mystery of Luna's existence at Hogwarts hid a great deal many secrets. And Luna was eager and happy to treat herself and Padma to an early morning blowjob before the rigours of the day. In Luna's mind, it was the surprise present that she never planned for; her own thick, hard, throbbing treat to delight in. Swiftly undoing Padma's jeans, Luna pulled the tight-fitting clothing down and over her ass, letting them bunch down by her thighs, her thick, pulsating cock threatening to burst through the girl's pink floral panties. They were hardly the most sultry of underwear, yet they were the only ones she had. Becoming more aware of how exposed they were, Padma glanced up and down the corridor as her panties were peeled over her cock, her thick shaft bouncing free and immediately being collected in Luna's soft and tender hands, the young blonde gently squeezing the shaft and working a small bead of pre-cum across her bulbous tip; the first drop of what would prove to be a hefty day's treat for the young blonde. She wasted no time at all in jerking Padma off, drizzling saliva along her cock until her hands began to glide and fly across her shaft, lubing the entire thing to a glossy shimmer and rendering the soft supple squeezes from her fingers all the more satisfying. Luna couldn't have cared less about who saw her, the young girl tugging on Padma's cock as she lowered a hand down to her balls and gently began to fondle and massage them, coating them in an identical shimmer, her crotch gleaming with Luna's spittle without the single indulgence of the beginnings of a blowjob. Padma had been quite a while without relief and thus was already close to pushing rope, yet she fought it entirely, knowing full well that she had quite a resistance to cumming prematurely. She intended to savour the morning blowjob as much as she could, and it would be proper if she came before her cock even found its way inside the blonde's thin, delicate lips and down her tight, slick, clutching gullet. Finally, Luna graced Padma's cock with her mouth, revealing just how talented she was orally. Wrapping her lips around the head of her cock, Luna tasted and savoured the taste of pre-cum on her tongue, letting it spill wildly across her slick and slippery muscle, playfully batting the bulbous, engorged tip back and forth with her tongue, flicking and curling it around her tip. It was hardly the most talented experience, but Padma couldn't deny the pleasure of it. And then Luna played her hand, relaxing her lips and throat and plunging her mouth all the way along Padma's cock in one swift and steady movement, wrapping her lips snugly around the base of her shaft, her nose gently prodding the girl's shaven crotch. The heavy balls that hung beneath Padma's shaft smacked her chin as she enveloped the gorgeous shaft in its entirety. Taken aback, Padma groaned deeply, unable to remain silent any longer as she fought of her impending orgasm. The tight, wet, warmth of Luna's throat was immense and the delicate touch of her lips around her base was something quite special. She collapsed backwards against the wall, pushing her cock forwards and that little bit deeper into Luna's throat. She merely gagged, her throat barely convulsing in the slightest before the young blonde pulled her lips all the way back to Padma's tip, halting there and allowing the cool chill of the castle air to attack her slickened shaft. Her hands wrapped around her cock once again, using the increased spittle to create and incredibly slick and sloppy handjob, her hands speeding back and forth, slapping down against her base as she moved with such power and fervour, creating a delicious pleasurable haven of flesh for Padma's cock, taking the wind completely out of her and rendering her a mess of moans. Switching back to lavishing the girl's engorged cock-head with her tongue, Luna cleaned it of pre-cum, hooking her tongue around the purplish mushroom tip, salivating over the slick musk that enveloped her tongue. Her constant jerking meant that there was a steady stream of the substance flooding her mouth. Unbeknownst to her, a group of girls walked by, giggling as Padma clumsily tried to hide her face, Luna unabashedly and unashamedly wearing the fact that she was suckling on the girl's cock with pride, more than happy to be reduced to the mantle of slut on this fine Christmas Day. Creating a rhythm, Luna plunged her lips down the entirety of Padma's cock, nice and slowly, savouring the sensation of each inch rolling past her lips, into her throat and deep into her gullet. She'd hold there for several moments, massaging her balls tenderly, working them with delicate precision and gently making sure that the young girl was on the verge of orgasm. She'd then pull back, her hands finding Padma's chocolaty shaft once more and stroking her relentlessly, changing the slow intimacy of previous plunge for animalistic fervour as she jerked her off, her tongue attacking the girl's pulsating cock head with hungry passion, wanting the glean as much pre-cum as was possible from her tender flesh. Continuing to bounce her mouth along at that rhythm, she worked up and down, salivating and slurping on the girl's shaft, not caring as her chin got smeared with pre-cum, Padma's balls beginning to smack against her chin as the Indian girl thrust forwards onto Luna's plunges, getting that added depth and tickling the back of her throat. It got to the point that Padma was so embroiled in the moment and the pleasure enveloping her cock that she didn't care who saw her. She had half a mind to hike her top up and begin fondling her tits but fought the urge as it would have ultimately been pointless. Her body was humming with pleasure, surging with the satisfaction and building precipice of a powerful orgasm. Her moans became deeper, sultrier, as she fought for those last few stokes, wanting to unload the next time that Luna plunged forwards. Taking her time, Luna was busy relishing the more frequent streams of pre-cum that came prior to the girl's orgasm, ultimately deny Padma the satisfaction of cumming balls deep in the girl's throat, to the point that she had to take matters into her own hands. Grabbing Luna's head, Padma forced it down onto her crotch, thrusting forwards at the same time and sending an almighty, wet slap through the corridors of the Ravenclaw Tower. Burying her cock right up to the hilt, she finally let herself cum, pouring strand after strand of pent up cum deep into Luna's eager, willing throat. Moaning around Padma's cock as the cum flooded down her throat, Luna happily accepted the substance, drinking it down freely and happily slurping on Padma's cock, even as her head was held in place, her lips twitching lightly around the base of the shaft. It took little to no time at all to drain her balls into Luna's throat, with Padma giving a couple thrusts to make sure that the last few drops spilled down into her stomach, settling inside her. Not one to relinquish the pleasure of a tight, clutching throat, Padma kept her cock inside of Luna's mouth, holding her place, right up until her cock began to soften and thus slipped out of her lips. Pulling back, her cock dripped with saliva, the young Indian clutching to the wall, breathless. Wiping her mouth, Luna didn't waste a moment and rose to her feet. Padma was quick to tuck her softened cock back into her panties, her underwear becoming soaked from the spittle. Knowing she'd have to change, she didn't care, instead pulling her jeans back over her juicy ass and beginning to catch her breath. Luna stood there with a smile on her face, clasping her hands in front of her thick, throbbing cock, waiting for Padma to get changed. As the young Indian looked up at her, she received a wide grin as Luna smiled, "Merry Christmas, Padma!" "Merry… Christmas… I suppose," Padma stuttered back as Luna turned around and bounced away. A moan escaped Padma's lips as she watched the young blonde's cute little bum bounce around the corner, the sight that had long eluded her proving to be a delicious one at that. However, the moan of delight quickly turned to a groan of annoyance as the sight of her wiggling little ass sidling away reinvigorating Padma's cock, her jeans tightening once more and bringing her right back to square one. Realising that if she hurried, she'd be able to use the distraction of Luna's nudity to avoid people noticing her own arousal, Padma rushed after the blonde, hoping to sneak out and find her sister before she was ridiculed for her inappropriate clothing and obvious bulging crotch. Of all days, it had to be today that she had tight jeans on. To say that Luna's nudity took the Ravenclaw Common Room by storm would be an understatement. There were countless wolf-whistles, several blushing first years, a number of people that immediately snuck back to their dorm rooms to relieve themselves, and a couple offer significant amounts of money to sleep with her, things that Luna took as jokes at the time. Leaving the common room, she made her way through the castle, managing to capitalise on the fact that it was a small week-long holiday, meaning that most people were either in their dorms or preparing to go home for the holidays. Though, to her surprise, she couldn't see anyone who was planning to leave Hogwarts, making her think that there would be a sizable amount of people staying. Whilst she wasn't ashamed of her naked body, she did make efforts to avoid the rowdier places in the school, not wanting to be caught out by large groups of people. Instead, she made her way towards the library, knowing that that was where her first present would be given. She had sussed out where everyone would be prior to today, making the planning stage a lot simpler. She just needed to go to a couple places and give her presents out, all before culminating in a last-minute addition. A little present to herself for doing well this year. Bouncing through the corridors, Luna found herself at the library, finding it to be remarkably empty. Not a lot of people wanted to study during the holidays, yet the person she knew would be here was almost forced to lurk amidst the bookshelves in preparation for the Tasks ahead. Checking where Madam Pince was, she made sure that she wasn't seen sneaking into the first row of bookshelves, all before searching for none other than Harry Potter. "Merry Christmas Harry! I've come to give you your present," Luna smiled as she stepped into the small alcove in which Harry was hunched, pouring over dusty tomes with as little enthusiasm as there could possibly be. Glancing suddenly upwards, Harry leapt to his feet at seeing Luna, both from her sudden appearance and the fact that her entire naked body was on display. He felt his cock instantly rise and harden, something that only Luna, Ginny and Hermione seemed able to do with their nudity alone; a rare talent indeed. "Luna? You're… You're naked. You realise you're naked, you haven't just accidentally forgotten to get dressed again or something?" Harry asked as Luna checked up and down the library, making sure that they had a degree of privacy. As much privacy as the school's very public library could offer. "Yes. It's Christmas. What else would I be wearing apart from nothing? Really, Harry… It is quite sad. Growing up with those terrible muggles must have made Christmas a frightfully dull time of year. Anyways, I've come to give you your present if you don't mind. I've been thinking about it all year," Luna smiled, stepping forwards and closing the distance between them, enough to make Harry's cock stand truly upright as her heavy shaft bounced softly, the head of her cock bouncing against his jeans. "Are you alright, Luna? I think you might be…" Harry stammered. It was not out of nerves, but instead out of his own inability to simple succumb to Luna's strangeness. He often found that being in her company required a certain suspension of normality. Having her so close to him, completely naked, was a mere beginning to such a level of bizarreness, yet Harry quickly brushed all sensible thoughts aside and came to the immediate conclusion that if a completely naked, stunningly beautiful blonde approached you in the library offering you a Christmas Present, the only reasonable thing for a horny teenage boy to do is to readily accept. The fact that it was Luna changed nothing, "A Christmas present you say? What did you have in mind?" "Well, the best Christmas present is a brand-new experience. So, I thought we could perform blowjobs upon one another in a rather new and unique position. I had thought that the idea of us simply having sex in public together would count as a new experience, but it's Christmas and I thought instead that I would put some effort in for something rather special. You are quite strong, aren't you Harry?" Luna said, jumping from train of thought to train of thought seamlessly. No matter how many times he was subject to it, Harry would never quite get used to the pure bluntness that Luna wore whenever talking about sex. The way she suggested they give each other blowjobs was said in such a normal tone of voice, completely lacking any degree of sultriness, and was spoken in the same manner as if she was suggesting they take a lovely stroll down to the Black Lake. Nodding hesitantly, Harry saw a smile stretched across Luna's face as she began to unbutton his shirt, swiftly beginning to undress Harry so that they could get on with it. She wasn't looking to rush by any means, but she did have a busy day of perverse sexual endeavours to get on with, "Right. Let's get naked and I'll explain… Essentially… You know how people often fellate one another at the same time by one person laying on top of another. Couldn't we do it standing up? Like Makkoes?" "Makkoes?" Harry asked, immediately regretting it. He kept having to remind himself that he shouldn't indulge Luna's sudden introduction of fictional creatures, simply knowing that whatever Luna said next would be as wild and sincere as it was completely delusional. Dropping his jeans, he pulled his shoes of and stood naked beside Luna, suddenly realising the fact that he was now entirely naked in the library. The thought hadn't dawned on him. He had been so embroiled in Luna's eccentricity that he forgot his surroundings. Putting it to one side, he convinced himself that this was an opportunity that wasn't to be wasted. "A male Makko is born upright, whilst the female Makko is born upside down. So, to have sex they have to stand up and sort of bump together. Kind of like what we're about to do. I'll just get into…" Luna explained, not waiting for Harry to be ready before she turned away from him and bent over, resting her hands on the floor. Before Harry could react, she kicked her legs into the air, her arms only able to support herself for so long. Snaking an arm around her waist, he steadied her, grunting as he was forced to lunge forwards to stop her toppling to the ground. Straightening her legs, Luna glanced up at Harry's cock, seeing a couple feet above her, "Wow… My head's a little fuzzy. Shall we do this, Harry? You need to lift me…" "Are… You know what? Yeah, lets go," Harry breathed, conceding entirely. If doing this weird position was how he was going to end up getting his dick sucked, then he'd play ball. Lifting Luna upwards, he held her body close to his, waiting for Luna to wrap her arms around his waist, her head coming face to face with Harry's cock, just as his head was within sucking distance of her cock. The position was a little strenuous, but neither of them could deny just how much the eroticism of the situation added to the pleasure. Luna wasn't quite in the swing of things, but she'd soon discover just how much pleasure could be derived from having sex upside down as the blood ran to her head, intensifying the great deal many sensations her young, nubile body was about to feel. With the pair of them in position, there was little more to be done other than simply getting on with it. Harry briefly realised that having her positioned like this provided a simply sumptuous view of her juicy little ass, yet he hardly had time to savour it before he was busied with the thick, throbbing cock that was practically smacking him in the face. It was Luna that made the first move, eagerly wrapping her lips around Harry's cock and slowly bobbing along his shaft. She wasn't able to attend to his cock in a similarly intimate manner to that of Padma's as she only had access to her mouth. There was no soft and delicate lavishing with her hands and thus she kept to a simple slow and steady blowjob, gently working her lips up and down Harry's cock. The change in angle made for a remarkably pleasurable sensation as Harry's cock was reversed within her throat. It was subtle and simple, but the slight change was enough to set Harry on the path to orgasm. Moaning softly, his hot breath emanated across her thick and ready cock, the girl's shaft twitching in his face, begging to be devoured. Her cock-head was positively gleaming with pre-cum, pre-cum that had been building from the moment Luna first took Padma into her gullet. Humming around Harry's cock, she made sure to maintain a purposeful pace, driving her lips right down to his base and ignoring the fact that her nose was smothered instead by his heavy balls, the young girl able to feel them twisting in on themselves, churning as his orgasm built. Unbeknownst to Luna, Ginny had promised that she would relieve Harry's pent up orgasm following him actually preparing for the next Task. He hadn't cum in a couple days, so had been eagerly anticipating the evening, only to be provided the fortuitous haven of Luna's tight and eager throat. He had forgotten just how talented her lips were and the girl's remarkable lack of a gag reflex. His cock was hardly the largest that she had sucked, but Harry was still impressed purely of lustful merit, by any girl that could easily envelop the entirety of his cock, suckling and slurping away on his shaft with ease. And Luna was the first girl to ever seat the entirety of his cock inside her throat, something that he would never forget, as long as he lived. Unable to go any longer without returning the favour, Harry moved his lips towards the pulsating head of the girl's cock, taking her into his mouth, his tongue licking clean the bulbous tip and tasting the sumptuous taste of her pre-cum. He immediately felt the result of his ministrations, with a deep, lustful groan reverberating through his cock, bubbling along his length and driving more moans of pleasure from his lips, the boy humming around the hive of nerves that was her cock-head. He wasted no time in pushing his lips forwards, easing them down and along her cock, swallowing deeply when she rested against the back of his throat. He gagged lightly, his oral abilities in no way comparable to that of Luna's, but his enthusiasm on par. Spluttering slightly, he managed to take just over half her cock, attributing his lack of depth to the curious choice of angle with which Luna had decided they would do this. Their moans were muffled, keeping their presence away from prying eyes and ears. Luna began to deepthroat the entirety of Harry's cock, working her mouth not only along his shaft, but along every inch of his cock, pulling right back until the only pressure her lips rendered upon his cock was a gentle kiss on the very tip of his shaft, all before plunging right back down into position, using the copious amounts of saliva that she streaked across his cock as a helpful lubricant. She did always prefer a sloppier approach; nice a slick. If she hadn't rendered a cock completely shimmering and glistening, then she hadn't very well sucked some one off. Reaffirming the position, Harry held her tighter against him, feeling her breasts against his stomach, moaning at the simple pleasure of her nipples grazing along his skin. Of course, having his cock inside someone's throat was always going to provide an immense amount of pleasure, but when it came to overall satisfaction, it was the smaller touches that ultimately made him moan the most. The sensation of Luna's nose prodding into his balls again and again, the soft tingle of pleasure that ran through his cock whenever it was only her lips against his tip, and the sensation of her hardened nipples bouncing across his stomach. Small and simple. Sure, they never stood a chance of making him cum all on their own, but they made him smirk In a way that was pleasure enough. Luna didn't think that she would be brought so close to orgasm so swiftly yet being turned on her head did wonders for the amount of pleasure she was experiencing. It was as if the blood that had run to her head had amplified the levels of pleasure that tingled through her body, with everything becoming a greater haze of satisfaction. Normally, she have to get balls deep in Harry's ass to bring about an orgasm, but in this position, Harry's oral abilities were proving to be plentiful, making her moan and groan In all the right ways. Harry was a sucker for a good blowjob, with his cock already powering towards unloading into Luna's throat. Everything was working in his favour and his body was beginning to tense up. He also didn't expect that Luna would be brought to orgasm so readily, yet he could feel her cock twitching in that all too familiar way. He had begun to pick up on the clues after having so many cocks thrust down his throat. After a year of it, he was beginning to become somewhat experienced in it all, something that was a bizarre source of pride. Smirking at the thought, he became driven to try and bring Luna to orgasm, wanting nothing more than to boast that he could make the nymphomaniac Luna Lovegood cum with only his mouth. Pushing his lips that little bit further, he began to properly gag and splutter, his throat spasming and clenching around her cock, holding her tightly in place and fighting Harry's urge to take it deeper into his gullet. He knew one day, that he would be talented enough to have his lips wrapped around the base of her shaft, his nose plunged into the tuft of silvery hair above her crotch, the glorious sensational satisfaction of her balls smacking against his chin. Pushing himself that little bit further with each stroke, he managed two more inches, pushing Luna into a pleasurable fit. Her moans rippled wildly through his cock, tingling right to his core. Just like Padma, Harry held off on his orgasm for as long as possible, wanting to first push Luna over the edge and into hers. Unlike the two of them, Luna had no concern about letting her cock explode at a moment's notice, not thinking to warn Harry as she flooded his throat with cum. Her cock was like a hose, spraying wildly down Harry's gullet and unwittingly bouncing out of his mouth. Flailing around, Luna spurted several long strands of cum across Harry's face and shoulders, the rest spurting outwards and landing onto the floor of the library. She barely acknowledged it, with the increase in her moans amounting to the only sign that she was feeling any pleasure at all. That, however, was enough to push Harry over the edge, his cock pumping deep into Luna's throat. Once again, she dutifully drank it down, suckling on his cock until it was completely drained. Her own cock took a little bit more effort, with cum drizzling down her shaft for several moments after her orgasm. Well and truly exhausted, Harry slowly lowered Luna back down onto the ground, the young girl staggering on shaky feet for a moment. Harry grabbed his boxers and used them to clean up the mess, realising he could dispose of them soon enough. Pulling his clothing back on, he glanced up at Luna who kept the same dreamy smile on her face, watching him as he got dressed. It was somewhat unnerving and had Harry the breath to actually speak, he would have questioned her. Her cock began to soften between her thighs, undoubtedly going to be reinvigorated only moments later whenever she found her next gift recipient. Waiting patiently, she watched Harry pull his t-shirt on, waiting because of a bizarre sense of duty. That she had to wait until the sexual encounter was completely and utterly over, that being dictated by both parties being dressed. With her lack of clothing, that meant that she stood there, waiting for Harry to get changed, only to immediately burst out as soon as he was done, "Merry Christmas, Harry!" "Christmas… Luna! Wait, you…" Harry exclaimed as Luna turned and immediately burst out of their alcove, sneaking back through the library and disappearing around the corner, delving into the castle once again in search of her next chosen friend. Harry brushed it from his mind as he wandered back towards his desk and sat back down, pouring over various powerful spells and enchantments, all in preparation for the third and final task. Work that needed to be done, yet he could find no enthusiasm for. Especially not with the lingering thought of the young and pliable little Luna bouncing around the school entirely naked. Making her way through the castle, she wound her way towards the secret corridor and her next couple of endeavours. Being somewhat practical, Luna had scheduled her next few present sessions, asking each of the people to come to the corridor at different times. And In true Luna fashion, she both forgot who the first person was and when she had asked them to come. Slipping inside of the corridor, she moved into the first bedroom and sat down, sitting there for several minutes before realising that she should probably check the other bedrooms to make sure that someone wasn't sitting there waiting for her. Pushing up off the bed, she ducked into the next alcove and came face to face with the flustered cheeks of Ronald Weasley. Glancing upwards, Ron's eyes widened as he looked at Luna's naked body, his cock instantly hardening inside of his jeans, twitching at the sight of both her young and supple body and the thick raging hardon that was now burgeoning between her legs. Frankly, Ron hadn't really thought about why he decided to come here. Coming to meet a girl he had barely spoken a word to beyond being stuffed under an extremely cramped cloak whilst being naked together, seemed like a weird thing to do. He barely knew her and had no idea what the hell could possibly happen by him turning up to see her in the corridor that he now synonymised with sex. And frankly, Ron now felt as if he should have predicted this. Though, frankly, seeing her so flagrantly naked and without shame for being utterly exposed, made his cock tingle. Something about the confidence with which she walked. Yet, what she said next was what completely snuffed the wind from his sails. "Merry Christmas Ron! I thought that I could maybe fuck you in the ass?" Luna smiled, blatantly laying her cards out in front of her as Ron rose to his feet, casually adjusting his jeans so as to not smother and choke his cock. Staring at Luna, he half expected her to say that this was a joke, yet she looked back with complete and utter sincerity, her words meant in every capacity. She wanted to fuck him up the ass. Frankly, Ron didn't need much else other than that, yet his look of bafflement prompted Luna to clarify, "Sorry, I should explain. It's Christmas and I thought that a really good Christmas present for you would be for me to fuck you up the ass. We've never done that together before, so it would be really fun and new." "Okay… Just a quick question… Why am I the one being fucked up the ass? Surely, if its my present, I should be the one… Well, fucking you in… that hole?" Ron asked, genuinely curious as to why Luna had made the leap in logic that he would prefer being the one that was fucked. A bottom through and through, Ron could think of nothing better than Luna's thick, gorgeous looking cock submerged inside of him. It was a delightful looking shaft and he was more than happy to be fucked at a blistering pace by the young girl. Frankly, the barrier for entry into Ron's ass was that a girl simply had to show interest in him. That was all it took for him to become a slavering cock-slut. For want of a better word. However, it was what Lune said next that once again winded him and made him blush. "Well, I asked Hermione and she said that if she had to describe you sexually, she would call you a proper butt-slut. Was she wrong?" Luna asked, clasping her hands behind her back and looking rather expectantly at Ron, who blushed a deeper red as he stammered. "Well… Not entirely…I'm quite manly when it comes to… And fucking… On top… Hard and fast… I'd say I'm an alpha… If… Oh, fuck it… Let's do this…" Ron conceded, pulling his jacket of as Luna's eyes lit up with glee. She began to help him strip down, pulling his top of and throwing it to one side, Next came his jeans which she rather nimbly and elegantly peeled away, unbuckling his belt as if she knew the intimate intricacies of his clothing. Pulling them down, she helped him out of them, revealing his rather fat and juicy cock. It was miniscule when compared to Luna's, yet plenty sizable on a more traditional scale of cock-size. With him naked, Luna gestured to the bed. Laying down on his front, he relaxed somewhat as Luna clambered onto the bed after him, straddling his thighs and gently massaging his plump, juicy round ass. "Wow… No wonder Hermione loves you. You have a really soft and squishy ass. Like a woman's…" Luna chirped, the compliment not landing exactly how Ron wanted. Sure, he loved to have a cock up his ass, but he was hardly rendered any less manly by it. Especially in this world where men and women were fucked in equal measure. Yet, his teenage insecurities once again flared up to remind him that his preferences were rather submissive and somewhat… weak. It made him cum harder than anything else, but his sexual tastes were hardly the manliest in the world. Something that was helpfully reaffirmed by Luna's comments. "Erm… Thanks, I guess…" Ron muttered as he looked forward. Peeling apart his soft cheeks, Luna dribbled a mouthful of saliva down and onto the boy's hole, letting it run across his entrance as she jerked her cock back and forth. Harry had done such a stellar job lubricating her cock that she didn't feel she needed to do anything more. Had Ron known that it had been his best-friend that had prepared her cock for his ass, he wouldn't have been so eager to have it slamming inside of him, yet he was blissfully unaware, allowing for Luna to gently ease the tip of her cock up and against his hole. It peeled apart of its own volition, slowly folding over the head of her cock, eagerly and hungrily enveloping it. Even Luna was taken aback by how easily the boy's asshole took her cock inside of him, his hole almost clutching her cock and dragging it deeper. The tightness wrapped around her tip was monumental and she almost wanted to simply savour that for a while, but ultimately ended up gently pushing forwards, watching as her cock carved through his arse like butter, easing deep inside him without a single blockade. It was incredibly easy and incredibly silky. Pressing her crotch against his ass, she let out of a moan of pleasure, the two of them joining each other in letting out a sumptuously pleasured sound. Biting her lip, Luna let his cheeks bounce back into place, all before savouring the sensation of her balls bouncing against her bum, hitting of those soft, delicate cheeks. She was going to enjoy this a lot more than she had previously envisioned. But that didn't stop her from trailing down the path that she had prepared for. "Tell me about yourself, Ronald," Luna said as she drew her hips back and lazily began to fuck the young boy's ass, driving her cock in and out and marvelling at just how happy Ron was with taking what was a massive cock. He did it with such ease and elegance that it was quite extraordinary. In between moans, he glanced back, seeing the seriousness on her face and realising that she was honestly taking this opportunity to try and socialise. Her fat cock was grinding and swallowing his prostate, milking the sensitive bead for all the pleasure that it was worth, draining the bulb of nerves for every morsel of satisfaction that she could with each and every soft, purposeful thrust; and now was the time she chose to try and make friends. It did remind him that they were no more than casual acquaintances and he was already being leisurely butt-fucked by her sumptuous cock; a cock that he was slowly falling in love with for its ridges and veins, and the sheer thickness that she sported. He would forever love Hermione's cock, but Luna's shaft was proving to be a rare and frankly delectable treat. "Is now really the best time to be talking about that?" Ron groaned as Luna began to work up a decent pace, sliding herself deeper inside of him with each thrust, his arse slowly widening to accommodate her thicker than average cock. The wet slaps of her slickened balls against her ass joined the chorus of moans and groans that filled the room. Luna leant forwards, adjusting her position so that she was thrusting downwards into his ass as opposed to horizontally, ultimately allowing a deeper and more pleasurable angle to be achieved, making the pleasure all the more intense and enjoyable. Ron's cheeks began to flush red as Luna continued the conversation. He didn't know whether he would prefer her to keep talking or for the two of them not to speak to each other until they bid each other farewell. Clutching onto the pillows, Ron began to prepare for Luna's increase in pace, the young blonde taking Hermione's butt-slut comments as seriously as she possibly could, planning on making her Christmas present to Ron the most impactful and monumental one she could. "Well I figured we should get to know each other. If we're going to be having sex on a regular basis," Luna said nonchalantly, grabbing the back of Ron's head and forcing him to turn back around as she rested a hand on his shoulder blades and pushed him downwards, propping his ass up slightly and allowing a much deeper thrust, her breath growing ragged as she continued to pound his tight ass, building up to a pace that managed to elicit a grunt or groan from Ron with each push. The sensation of Luna's fat cock moving inside him was quite special. It had such a filling feeling and made Ron realise that she had the perfect sized cock there could be. Whenever he had bigger, it stretched him in such a way that was somewhat painful, yet when he had smaller, there was that niggling feeling within him that he wanted more. Whereas with Luna, she filled him so nicely that she straddled those two dichotomies perfectly, allowing for the most pleasurable, rough shag there was. There was no pain, no discomfort, no dissatisfaction; only immense pleasure, the pure unhampered pleasurable joy of being fucked. Whilst Ron didn't want to admit it quite yet, this was and would be the best Christmas present he would ever receive. Moans flooded from Luna's lips, the girl finally breaking her austere silence and showing some degree of pleasure from Ron's ass. The lack of meaningful sound from the girl had Ron worrying that his submissive tendencies had rendered him so loose that he wasn't even able to give a girl with a cock like Luna's any form of pleasure. Little did he know that Luna was simply used to far kinkier sex than a simple fuck. "On a reg…" Ron coughed, taken aback by how open Luna was to them having regular sex. It was astounding to him. He was still baffled that he was on sexual terms with more than one woman, but for someone to immediate suggest that they do this again mid-way through the first ever time they had sex was quite exhilarating. In a moment or rare wisdom, Ron cut himself off before he could say anything stupid and came to the realisation that this was the kind of situation where you just sit back and not make a fuss, "Well, what do you want to know?" "I don't know…" Luna groaned, grinding to a halt, her cock half-way inside Ron's ass and half-way out. Pausing mid-stroke, she knelt there for a fair while trying to come up with a question, leaving Ron in a unique realm of pleasure. Her cock-head was nestled right up against his prostate, her pre-cum directly dribbling across the sensitive bead of pleasure, plunging his body into pleasure that he couldn't quite comprehend. He had had his prostate lavished by tongue after tongue, but something about having the ball of nerves squashed by a pulsating, throbbing, twitching cock-head, all the while having it glazed in a slick, warm substance, whilst having his asshole nice and stretched, simply made him moan like a common street-whore, Ron finally living up to Hermione's butt-slut description. It was that simple, unique pleasure that convinced Ron that that was what he truly was and ultimately persuaded him to not give a flying fuck as to what that meant about him. So, what if he loved and revelled in the pleasures of being roughly hammered in the ass. That was a perfectly normal thing to enjoy. Apparently, a great deal many muggles made careers out of it. If it was good enough for them, it was good enough for him. Luna resumed her thrusts, picking up right where she left of, continuing the exact same thrust at the exact same pace. If Ron didn't know better, he would have guessed that time had momentarily frozen, yet as she asked him her question, he was quickly reminded of Luna's eccentricity, "What are your hopes and dreams for life?" "That's a bit heavy of a question, isn't it?" Ron groaned, pushing his ass back into Luna's thrusts, savouring the pleasure and absolutely loving every moment of it. He hadn't been expecting sex and as per usual, the surprise of surprise sex makes it all the better. Luna was particularly surprised by Ron's ass as Hermione's descriptions of it simply didn't do his silky entrance justice. The way his insides hugged her cock, fitting right up against each inch of her throbbing length, was quite spectacular. Most times you fucked someone, it was as if you were disturbing their ass by fucking them, yet with Ron's, it was like they were perfectly made for each other, at least sexually. His ass perfectly enveloped her cock and her cock perfectly fitted his ass. An excellent combination and one that both of them were thrilled and excited to experiment with again and again. "Sorry… Erm… I don't do this often," Luna sighed, grinding to a halt once more and bringing a groan of frustration from her boy-toy, with Ron speeding towards his orgasm and steadily building to that explosive end, only to have that progress curbed by Luna once again pausing. Of all the people he had ever had sex with, Luna was definitely the most absurdly interesting one, with every moment being a new twist and turn. If she didn't have such a sumptuous cock, he would never even think to do this again. That wasn't strictly true. Ron was, after all, a horny teenage boy. Whilst he wouldn't admit it, had she been a terrible shag, he would probably still go for a round two were the young blonde to ask again, once again living up to the brand that Hermione had labelled him with. He was, well and truly, a big butt-slut. He was going to have to talk to Hermione after this. He wasn't entirely sure how he felt about her walking around telling people of his particular perversions. Even if it did end up with him ultimately getting laid more often. Luna then slammed her cock back into Ron at a harder and faster pace, taking Ron's breath away and flooding his body with sublime, orgasmic pleasure; the kind that was close to making him explode upon contact. Her cock was really that good, "What is your favourite kind of pasta?" "Bit too simple…" Ron groaned, his cock dribbling pre-cum down onto the bed sheets beneath him, his cock pulsating and throbbing as it was pinned between his stomach and the bed. Each driving thrust into his ass ground his cock into the bed, adding another additional sensation for him to enjoy. Luna, just like with Harry, hadn't expected to be brought to orgasm by Ron, but found her balls tightening and clenching, churning towards another orgasm. She had underestimated exactly how pleasurable Ron's arse was going to be. Much to her surprise, he had proved her to be a fool, with her orgasm threatening to bubble over before Ron had even came. Beginning to hold back, not wanting to cum to early and have to resort to other means to make Ron cum hard, Luna continued her strong, purposeful thrusts, her breathing growing deeper as she leant forwards, draping her body over Ron's, pressing her breasts against his shoulder blades and humping his plump juicy ass. The new position favoured speed and depth, a combination that was intensely pleasurable, not to mention, the sounds of Luna's moaning being murmured right into his ear, were particularly enjoyable. The hardness of her nipples poking and prodding his skin as she roughly fucked him was also something that he greatly enjoyed, focussing on the new boundless realms of pleasure that Luna provided. The two of them fell silent, their meek conversation falling into the background as they focussed on relishing the pleasure, enjoying the sumptuous sensations that were tingling amidst their bodies. It was only when Luna broke the silence once more that Ron finally began to cum. "Ronald? Do you prefer women to cum in your ass, on your face, or across your body?" Luna groaned, barely able to muster the breath to speak as she came so close to pushing rope deep inside of Ron's asshole. Moaning deeply, Luna patiently awaited his response, trying not to cum in the meantime. Ron had to fight the haze of pleasure that had beset him as his own cock spurted copious amounts of cum down and onto the bed beneath him. Moaning continuously, he spilled his pent-up orgasm across the bed, his ass clutching and convulsing around her ass. Unable to focus in the slightest, Ron couldn't muster the brain power to respond properly, his mind to focussed on the overwhelming amount of pleasure that had hit him. "Yes…" Ron groaned, unable to think of any other response. He hadn't even heard what she asked and thus was oblivious to how his answer was insufficient. However, Luna didn't care, simply thrusting into Ron and pouring her seed deep into his asshole. Groaning, she allowed his orgasm ridden ass to milk her cock dry, with her barely having to shift her body back and forth in order to drain herself of cum. Despite having cum with Harry earlier, Luna's innate sex-drive meant that she had plenty cum to give even on her second round. Spilling that cum into Harry, he milked her dry, taking every single drop of cum deep into his ass, painting his insides and lavishing his prostate with one last burst of intense pleasure. Remaining laid on top of Ron, she allowed herself to catch her breath, her cock remaining as a plug inside of his ass, keeping the cum within him, right up until the moment her shaft softened and slipped out of his ass, letting the cum pour from his hole. Ron moaned softly as he felt the trickle running across his ass, the boy patiently waiting for Luna to roll off him. Not that he was in any hurry. The mere presence of her naked body pressed against his was more than enough to send a quiver of arousal through Ron's cock, almost beginning to harden once again. Finally, she rolled away and allowed Ron to sit up, wincing as his ass settled once again. Clambering of the bed, he looked down at himself and realised just how much of a sticky mess that he had been reduced to. He had his cum spread across his front and Luna's spread across his back, the boy being completely drenched and filled by the substance. Moving towards his clothes, he fumbled around inside them, before foolishly asking Luna, "Do you have your wand handy? I've got mine, but I think it's in a weird pocket." "Ron. I came here completely naked. I can think of one place that I could have kept my wand, but I think I'm far to loose for that to be an option," Luna explained with a smile, Ron glancing up and looking at her. She was just standing there with her hands clasped politely behind her back. She had wiped her cock clean and thus was ready for her next endeavour, simply waiting for Ron to fix himself up. "Ah… Of course," Ron breathed, fumbling around for his wand, before finally finding it and casting a spell to clean himself up. Slowly, he began to dress himself, all under the watchful and silent eyes of Luna, the young girl simply smiling politely as Ron pulled his clothing on. Finally pulling the last piece of clothing on, he turned to Luna and smiled awkwardly, not entirely sure as to what he should do. He didn't know if he should hug her or what, but Luna was quick to the mark. "Merry Christmas Ron. Now, if you don't mind, I would appreciate it if you left. I have several other people that I have to have rambunctious sex with and whilst I would love to invite you, I think that it would be unfair for them," Luna smiled, gesturing towards the door and waiting for Ron to leave. Nodding, Ron, taken aback by the girl's words, simply turned towards the exit of the corridor and disappeared, unable to stop thinking about how weird that situation just was. He would still be thinking about it for several weeks to come, constantly finding something new to focus on and think about. It was all so incredibly weird. Absolutely baffling. Glancing back at the bed, Luna realised that it was far too sticky to continue using. Moving into the next room over, she sat down and waited patiently. She simply couldn't remember who she had asked to come visit her next, so she waited in complete secrecy, wondering just who would walk through that door next. Little did Luna know that the secret corridor was not an entire secret to a great deal of Hogwarts students, with a fair few of them frequenting the corridor on a weekly basis. It was still a minority who knew about it, but naturally, even a small amount of people were able to use the corridor quite often. And in true Luna fashion, she wasn't exactly thinking straight. And whomever walked through that door was going to receive a Christmas present, regardless of whether or not they had been invited there by Luna. As a result, well, Luna was most certainly going to be taken advantage of. If she was able to be taken advantage of. When it came to Luna, she could hardly tell when people took advantage of her and thus it got to the point where she simply enjoyed having sex. Thus, if someone was taking advantage of her sexually, she began to enjoy it and thus… she envisioned it not as being taken advantage of, creating a weirdly strange situation in which she simply ended up getting fucked. And there was no way that she could possibly see that as a bad thing. "Come on. I've been waiting for this all week…" a voice called as the door to the corridor opened. Luna sat there, waiting for a face to be placed to the voice. Suddenly, from around the corner two figures emerged, one of them immediately pulling their t-shirt up and over their head to reveal their pert bouncy tits. The girl mid-way through undressed was none other than the delightfully athletic and lithe Daphne Greengrass, with her little sister standing to her side, completely and utterly dumbfounded by the sight of Luna sitting there, completely naked, with a smile stretched across her lips. Not sure why her sister had fallen silent, Daphne pulled her t-shirt of and was rewarded with the same sight as her sister, her eyes running up and down Luna's exposed body. Other women would have sought to cover themselves, yet Daphne was so confidant and assured with her body, that she couldn't care less who saw it. As long as she was the one that had decided she was going to be naked, she was more than happy to allow people to see her. After all, she was Hogwarts' finest piece of ass, the only blonde bimbo who stood any chance of rivalling the salacious sultry looking Delacour family. The Greengrasses were the Hogwarts equivalent of their beautiful French cousins, with Astoria of a similar physical stature to that of Gabrielle, only a little more developed in terms of breasts and asses; with the British girl holding more juiciness in both those departments that the slightly younger Delacour. Still, to have such physical forms without the aid of Veela genetics meant that the Greengrasses boasted quite the natural sex appeal, with he two of them garnering a fair few wandering eyes in the Slytherin Common Room. However, unlike the Delacours, they boasted some degree of restraint, having notable kept to themselves. In fact, the only person that the two Greengrass sister's had had sex with was themselves, knowing that the moment they opened themselves up for business, was the moment their true carnal appeal was diminished. Right now, they had a lofty, almost ethereal appeal amongst the school and they wanted to capitalise on that at the right moment, losing their non-incestuous virginities to the right people; with both of them focussing on romance over standing. They may have been gorgeous beauties, but the both of them were helpless romantics, boasting the least sinister personalities of all the Slytherin house. Their beauty cast them out from most circles, with the majority of people assuming them to be self-centred egotists, with that mindset ultimately perpetuating that mistake. They may have been Slytherins, but they were hardly evil. At least not in the traditional sense. "Daph… She's naked. Why is she naked?" Astoria whispered to her sister, standing there, frozen in place by the sight of someone's naked body that wasn't her sister. This was the first pair of breasts and cock that she had seen that she wasn't related to. "Merry Christmas!" Luna grinned, recognising the two sisters, but not quite realising that she hadn't invited them there. It made no difference in Luna's mind. Again, she was in the festive spirit and was more than happy to spread as much Christmas cheer as was humanly possible. If the way to spread Christmas cheer was in fact to spread her legs, then she was almost giddy with the thought that she was lucky enough to do so. Dumbfounded by the outburst, the two sisters stared at her, aimless. "Merlin's beard… She really is insane…" Astoria murmured, knowing that it was Loony Lovegood in front of her. She had heard stories about the blonde but didn't think there was much weight or substance to them. However, with Luna in front of her, she found it increasingly difficult to feign ignorance to the girl's more interesting tendencies. Luna wasn't doing herself any favours mind you. Frankly, the fact that she was sitting naked, bidding anyone who walked by a Merry Christmas, all upon the pretence of offering her body up to them as some form of Christmas present, was definitely grounds for someone to section her. However, she was lucky that the two people who stumbled onto her were both equally horny and in need of relief. Whilst they had sought to find said relief with one another, the fact that Luna was seemingly waiting for them was incentive enough for them to at least consider their long-held abstinence towards non-incestuous sex. There really was no better reason to break that abstinence than a completely naked and exposed Loony Lovegood, with all her lithe and supple bits, proudly and explicitly on show. "Luna… What are you doing here?" Daphne asked, letting her t-shirt fall to her side, her breasts unhampered and bouncing free. They were nicely formed and perfect handfuls. Hardly the thick and juicy ones that the Delacours boasted, but delightfully delicious looking upon her thinner form and body. "Well, It's Christmas, so I was handing out Christmas presents to everyone I care about and people I ran into. I didn't expect you to turn up, but I'd be more than happy to give you two a present as well," Luna beamed proudly. Glancing at each other, the two sister's were instantly on the save wave-length. Despite being younger, Astoria was still rather sharp when it came to sharing her sister's thoughts. The two were always in touch with each other, which made for incredibly intimate and pleasurable sex. Both of them knew each other's bodies as if they were their own and whilst Astoria still had much to learn, Daphne was certain that her younger sister stood miles above the majority of people when it came to sexual talent. The young girl certainly knew how to move her hips and use the gorgeous cock that she had been gifted. "What kind of present?" Daphne asked, interested to see where this would go. The main reason that she hadn't had sex with anyone who wasn't her family was because the majority of people lusting after her were men, and Daphne had alternative tastes to the norm. But to have someone who is actually quite hot implying they should fuck was something that she was definitely interested. "The best presents are new experiences, so… We've never had sex, so I could give one of you a blowjob whilst the other puts their penis in my ass?" Luna suggested with a completely straight face. Once again, the two sisters glanced at each other, uncertainty on Astoria's face. "I'll take your ass," Daphne smiled as she reached down and began to unbutton her trousers. Smiling, Luna rolled onto her hands and knees and waited patiently for the two siblings to undress. Surprised by her sister's reaction, Astoria joined her regardless, trusting Daphne to never lead her astray. Dropping her trousers, Daphne peeled her panties away as well, kicking them to one side and revealing her nice and juicy cock. It was an admirable length, coming to an even ten inches with a delicious thickness to it. Her smaller frame ultimately made it look even bigger, but it was nothing compared to how Astoria's looked. Dropping her top and leggings to one side, Astoria revealed her throbbing shaft. It was identical in length to Daphne's yet had shown no signs of growing any further. She had blossomed early and had grown a marvellous length at a young age, meaning that she was able to capitalise on her cock far earlier than Daphne was able to. Not only that, but she was able to satiate Daphne's anal fixation far better than Daphne could have ever hoped. She had envisioned having to use dildos and such to acquire any satisfaction from her craving, clutching arse, but one summer, her sister suddenly boasted a massive cock despite her younger and smaller body, meaning that Daphne was able to derive pleasure from her ass via wholly natural means, a true boon to a teenage nymphomaniac who restricted herself to familial pleasures alone. The sight of Astoria naked was really interesting as her cock simply didn't fit her body yet looked absolutely stunning regardless. It looked monstrous on her lithe little body, but Daphne had assured her she would grow into it, whilst the older Greengrass silently hoped that her sister's cock would continue to grow, even as it became increasingly unlikely that such a case of affairs was ever going to happen. She had blossomed early but blossomed quick. Only her breasts and ass were proving to grow. "Sis… I thought you said that I wasn't to have sex with anyone else other than you?" Astoria asked, clambering onto the bed and sidling up in front of Luna. The young blonde didn't have a say in when her cock entered Luna's mouth as the Ravenclaw parted her lips and swallowed half her cock with ease. Moaning instantly as her cock slipped inside the warm, slick haven that was Luna's throat, Astoria gently rested her hand on the back of the girl's head, gently pushing her mouth further along her cock, trying to slip herself deeper inside Luna's gullet. Suckling and curling her tongue around the thick length as best as she could possibly do, Luna moaned and salivated around the cock, doing her best to coat it to a glossy shimmer, hoping to get another slick and sloppy blowjob under her belt for the day. Humming, she slurped on the cock, savouring the way that Astoria managed to gain another inch down her throat with each thrust of her cock. Despite her initial question, the young blonde took to fucking Luna's throat with exceptional enthusiasm and ease, gently rocking her hips back and forth, sliding in and out, absolutely marvelling at the sight of her cock growing more and more glossy with each push. It made her moan just how sloppily the Ravenclaw was. Daphne tended to be a bit more controlled and elegant with her blowjobs, yet Luna wanted Astoria's cock to get as glossy as possible. It took only a few slow and deep thrusts for Astoria to have her cock nestled entirely within Luna's throat, her heavy cum-laden balls smacking against her rapidly slickening chin. Moaning, Luna wrapped her arms around Astoria's hips, tightly pulling her forwards and pushing her nose deeper into the young girl's crotch. No longer supporting herself with her arms, Luna clung to Astoria tightly, balancing on the girl's cock and using that to remain as rigid as possible. The newfound depth made Astoria groan, the young girl becoming so embroiled in the oral satisfaction she was receiving that she didn't notice her sister smirking at her as she probed Luna's tight ass with her fingers, gently working the blonde open. "Are you complaining, sis? We can go back to the common room if you wish?" Daphne smirked, spitting onto her fingers and gently massaging Luna's asshole, lubricating as much as she could. Drizzling more saliva down onto her cock, she jerked herself to a thin, glimmering glaze, all before lifting the head of her cock up to the young girl's ass and gently pushing forwards. Whilst Luna hardly favoured being the bottom, her ass was considerably looser than most, primarily because of Ginny's preference for being dominant. Regardless, her ass easily took the head of Daphne's cock inside of her, the head gently pushing deeper inside. Moaning, Daphne let her eyes roll closed as she gently clasped the Ravenclaw's hips, gently pulling her backwards onto her cock, easing herself deeper inside of her. Astoria's ass was quite loose, yet it was hardly gaping. However, it was not as well-used and exercised as Luna's, making that initial insertion all the more pleasurable for Daphne. She was used to having to prepare Astoria considerably before she even considered pushing inside, yet Luna was completely ready and eager to take that cock all the way inside of her without so much as murmur in response; primarily because all sounds were muffled by the juicy, meaty cock plunged down her clutching gullet. Pushing right into Luna, Daphne moaned as her crotch pressed tightly against the young girl's pert little ass, her balls smacking up against Luna's. The depth she got from the Ravenclaw was unparalleled and there was hardly a more gorgeous sight than that of the two Greengrass sisters spit-roasting the delectable Ravenclaw reject that was Luna Lovegood. Were anyone to walk in at that moment, they would have been given a front row seat to one of the most delicious sights around. "Not at all… It's just… You made such a big deal out of it all. Why are we breaking the rules for her?" Astoria moaned, slowly beginning to pull back and forth, lazily fucking Luna's tight little throat. The sound of her balls hitting softly against Luna's chin was quite special and made the youngest blonde groan with satisfaction. With Luna's hands clasped around her waist, she wasn't exactly able to get long thrusts, but she was able to perform shallow deep pushes that were made incredibly pleasurable by Luna's oral talents. Her tongue continued to glide around her cock even as it was submerged in her throat, meaning that there was plenty pleasure coursing through her body, tingling through her balls as the pent-up orgasm she had been developing for the entire day began to rear its head, building that little bit faster as a result of the haven in which it was plunged. Moans came from both the sisters as they began to fuck Luna's holes with intimate intensity. Neither of them favoured hard and fast fucking, with the sister's always engaging with one another in a more intimate sense. They much preferred almost romantically impaling one another and thus ground their cocks into Luna's throat and ass whenever they were balls deep inside of her. The blonde impaled between them moaned around Astoria's cock, the pleasure of being butt-fucked by such a delectable cock making her hum with sumptuous satisfaction around the equally delectable cock. It was situations like this that Luna absolutely loved. The times when she simply stumbled into sexual fun. Like the time that she stumbled upon Ron and Ginny, or when she found Hermione naked in this very corridor. They ranked amongst some of the hottest encounters in her life and she was only a part of them by virtue of her being in the right place at the right time. Same as the time she got a blowjob from a Weasley twin. Pure happenstance combined with incidental nudity. It proved to be a very fortuitous combination when it came to engaging in frivolous causal sex. "Well, when someone is offering themselves, you may as well. Besides, it is rare that we have a chance to fuck someone as cute as her. Most of the time it's acne ridden greaseballs trying their luck with the hottest girls from Hogwarts. I've not said that we shouldn't fuck other people, but rather we should be more selective with who we do fuck. Only the hottest and most interesting people. I think you have to agree that Loony Lovegood is both hot and interesting. If even she is interesting in a really strange way," Daphne smirked, thrusting deep into Luna's ass and starting to move her own hips instead of pulling Luna backwards. The Slytherin couldn't draw her eyes away from Luna's pert little ass, with the girl absolute in love with the way her small, rounded cheeks bounced subtly. Watching them intently, she was only made aware of how stunning the sight of her sister balls deep in someone's throat was. She was so used to being the throat within which Astoria was seated that she didn't know just how much Astoria suited the look. Her sister was remarkably beautiful, yet Daphne was never reminded of that fact. Not until now. She desperately wanted to see just how much Luna's throat was bulging, though she was going to be immensely disappointed by that sight as Luna was an oral expert and the effects of being throat-fucked barely registered with her. Nodding in response, Astoria left the conversation there, her eyes rolling closed as she allowed her cock to be lavished by the most sumptuous lips imaginable. Daphne was a good blowjob-queen, but from now on Luna had claimed that crown from her. And were Daphne to try Luna's throat, she would undoubtedly agree. However, the eldest Greengrass was more concerned with Luna's ass and the sudden change in position that the Ravenclaw was putting her into. Similarly, with Harry, Luna also wanted to have a new experience and try out a new position. Naturally, she made none of this clear to the two sisters. Instead, Luna arched one of her legs around Daphne's waist, all before snaking the other into position and hooking her ankles together. Daphne and Luna groaned loudly at the change in position as it managed to somehow push Daphne's cock deeper into Luna's arse. Luna was forced to moan more primarily by the erotic nature of the position. She was currently suspended in the air by two cocks. That was an incredibly arousing through to hold. Moaning around Astoria's cock, Luna lay limply between the two sisters, effectively giving them complete and utter control of her holes. Moving back and forth, the two siblings gently fucked Luna's holes, with the new position making them physically unable to perform long thrusts. Instead, they kept to shallow, deep thrusts, working steadily back and forth, having their cocks lavished by the tightest, most sumptuous holes imaginable. Neither of them had expected to be in this position upon entering the corridor, but the two of them were thankful for their sudden desire to fuck one another; that sudden desire being solely responsible for the two of them being balls-deep in the two holes. The slow and tender pace worked wonders for both Astoria and Daphne. Combined with the fact that they were breaking their long abstinence by fucking a delightfully tight and clutching set of holes, and they were of the races in terms of their orgasms. Moaning constantly, they didn't need to work that hard to be on the verge of cumming deep inside of Luna's tight entrances. Keeping their thrusts steady and moving with purpose, they began to come close, the two of them glancing at one another to make sure that they both came at the same time. They knew each other's tells like the back of their hands, being able to read orgasms on each other's lips. As soon as they were in the same place, right on the edge of pouring themselves inside of Luna, the gave each other nod and collectively moaned, slamming balls deep as hard as they could and milking their cocks with Luna's clutching entrances. It took them little time to leak those first drops of cum inside of her, and as soon as the flood-gates were open, they couldn't stop them. Even Luna was taken aback by the sheer volume of cum. Astoria's cock may have been buried down her throat, but the power with which she drained her balls caused a single bead of cum to roll up her throat and trickle down her chin, a sight that made Astoria groan even harder. Pumping strand after strand of cum deep into Luna's ass, Daphne didn't even have to thrust in order to milk those last few drops, with Luna's ass clenching and seemingly massaging her cock, drawing out those last few beads, right up until the point that the two sisters and their cocks began to soften and Luna's grip on them began to wither. Flopping back down onto the bed, Luna took a moment to catch her breath, only to feel her ass and mouth get cleaned by Daphne's spell. Rolling over to wish the two siblings a merry Christmas, Luna was met with an empty room, the two of them having swiftly left, leaving Luna to wait for the next guests. Much to her joy, it didn't take very long at all, as the two Greengrasses were not invited there by her, meaning that the ones that she did invite only arrived a couple minutes later. "And she's naked…" Ginny smirked as she rounded the corner and entered the room, swiftly followed by Hermione who groaned. Reaching into her pocket, she fished out a couple galleons and thrust them into the redhead's hands, the girl grinning as she pocketed them, the two of them not even acknowledging Luna until she spoke. "Merry Christmas!" Luna exclaimed, walking up to both of them and pulling them into a tight hug. Baffled by the remark, the two girls shared a glance with each other, the both of them confused as to what was happening, "I've thought long and hard about your present for this year and seeing as you two are my closest friends, I thought that the two of you could double penetrate me. Seeing as it is Christmas…" "Luna… You know it…" Hermione began, only to be nudged rather sharply by Ginny and instantly silenced. Rubbing her elbow, Hermione was about to call out Ginny only to realise exactly what she meant and quickly remaining completely quiet. "Let's not be too rash. So, double penetration. Sounds good. Merry Christmas and all that. Ho, ho, ho… Can I be the one on top?" Ginny asked, immediately beginning to strip naked as Hermione followed suit. There were certain offers that you just accepted without question and the offer to double penetrate someone was one of them, a lesson that Ginny had swiftly reminded Hermione. As the two of them began to strip naked, Luna simply waited, a massive grin on her face. It had been a fantasy of hers to be double penetrated, but she hadn't been able to fulfil that fantasy for the longest time, simply due to a single restrictive factor. She only had one friend and have two friends was rather integral to the entire process of being double penetrated. She would go as far as saying that it was in fact impossible to be double penetrated by single cock, though Luna had spent many hours ruminating on the possibility that It may be possible, only to come to the immediate conclusion that no, it is in fact one of life's great impossibilities. "It's up to you. I just hope you both enjoy the present. I worked really hard on it," Luna smiled, raising an eyebrow from both Hermione and Ginny as they peeled away their bras and panties, readily jerking their cocks back and forth as Luna flopped onto the bed. Neither of them particularly knew exactly how she had been working on this, but neither of them could imagine a world in which Luna struggled to get practice. No doubt Harry would have been all over, but little did they know, Luna had specially order a variety of dildos so as to best work herself into a position where she could take two cocks at once. Though, by sheer accident and as a result of a postage error, all the dildos she ordered were not anatomically based on a human, but in fact a dragon, something that Luna wasn't quick to remedy and was in fact strangely alright with, regardless of the disgusted looks her roommates gave her way she left them scattered across her bed upon first receiving them. Though, yet again, no one would raise an eyebrow if Luna told them she had acquired a lust and desire to mate with a dragon. In fact, both Hermione and Ginny had both considered the very real possibility that Luna had experimented with some of the creatures held for lessons. She had, one day that year, described in extraneous detail, the means by which centaurs copulated and the exact means by which humans could also engage in said sexual relations with the creatures; a conversation that both perturbed the brunette and redhead, but interested them in equal measures, because Hermione was simply unable to find any form of book in the library pertaining to said information, leading them to the conclusion that Luna's rather detailed explanation and thesis may in fact have come from personal experience. A realisation that failed to surprise them in any way possible. "I'm going on top," Ginny smirked as she playfully and lightly spanked Hermione's ass. Chuckling, Hermione made her way onto the bed, laying down with her head amidst the pillows, slowly jerking her cock. Making her way towards her, Luna drizzled saliva over the girl's shaft, allowing Hermione to smear it across her cock and lubricate herself sufficiently. Coating her cock liberally in saliva, more so than she would usual, Luna finally deemed her shaft slick and glossy enough and made her way towards Hermione, straddling her hips and nestling herself right back against her friend's cock. Hermione wasted no time in angling her cock towards Luna's entrance, finding her ass well and truly gaped, no doubt as a result of her rigorous training, Hermione thought, blissfully unaware that she was hardly the first person to be thrust inside of Luna Lovegood today. Pushing forwards, Hermione slipped in rather easily, her hand abandoning her slippery cock and allowing Luna to take control. With one single, swift thrust, she pushed down and onto her cock, slamming it right up inside her with a slick slap against her ass. Moaning instantly, the two of them relished being reunited, cock and ass, once more. Taking the liberty to loosen herself even more, Luna leant forwards, adjusted her position, and lifted her bum up and down, working her ass with Hermione's cock and making herself all the readier. With a couple thrusts under her belt, she nestled right down and laid her breasts against Hermione's, their chests pushed tightly together, Luna reached behind herself and planted her hands squarely on her ass cheeks, giving Ginny a heavenly sight as she stretched her hole, allowing her to see in intimate detail, the way that Hermione's cock properly and nicely stuffed her arsehole. Moaning at that sight alone, Ginny would have been happy with that as her Christmas present, getting a front row seat to Hermione's cock, carving through the lithe and supple young blonde, pounding away. Yet, she was to be treated by Luna; treated good and proper. Unable to resist any longer, she rushed forwards, having already lubed her cock to a sticky dripping shimmer, ready to properly see that Luna's arse got the stretching it deserved. Lowering the head of her cock down to Luna's already stuffed asshole, Ginny pushed the tip up against Hermione's shaft, immediately running into trouble as the blonde's asshole fought vehemently to deny her access. The grunts and groans of duress that then followed were troublesome to say the least. Luna dug her fingers into her ass cheeks and spread them as widely as possible, properly pulling her hole apart to allow Ginny access. Gritting her teeth, she finally felt her hole begin to give away, her entrance peeling apart and allowing the very tip of the tip of Ginny's cock access. It was enough that the redhead could begin to ease forwards. With her foot in the door, so to speak, the rest was simply a matter of effort. Wriggling back and forth, she pushed harder and harder, until finally her hole relinquished itself and allowed the whole of the head of her cock inside. Luna gasped loudly as her hands fell away from her ass cheeks and clutched the sheets below her. Hermione gently groped and squeezed her breasts, hoping that the soft massage would make it all the easier to get Ginny's cock inside. Taking her time, Ginny waited for Luna to give the go ahead. The redhead may have been utterly randy, but she wasn't horny enough to slam her cock into an already occupied hole like Luna's. She was well beyond cruelty such as that. As Luna let out a meek nod, Ginny took a hold of her hips and slowly began to push forwards, dribbling more saliva where needed. The first few inches were amongst the hardest, as Luna's hole stretched to accommodate it all. The pain however was swiftly replaced by immense pleasure as Ginny got deep enough that had Hermione's cock not been there, she'd be thrust right up against Luna's prostate. As such, her cock sandwiched Hermione's cock tightly against that sensitive bud, placing it under immense pressure, pressure that elicited pleasure strong enough to mitigate the dull ache in her hole. Letting out a moan of pleasure, Luna reassured Ginny and Hermione that not only was she up to the task, but that she was going to readily enjoy it as soon as they got up to speed. Sharing a smile, the two girl's shirked their worried looks and began to enjoy the immense tightness that the other's presence provided within Luna's already admittedly tight hole. Moaning softly, they kept their enjoyment to a minimum until Ginny had herself entirely seated within the blonde, knowing that the true measure of the girl's abilities was when Ginny had her crotch pressed tightly against her bum. It was perhaps a wise decision to let Ginny go on top as her marginally smaller cock made that last little push all the easier. Easing the last few inches inside, all three of them let out a deep groan of satisfaction as they came together as one, sandwiched together in a delightful display of flesh and sumptuous pleasure. It may have been slightly awkward and uncomfortable at the beginning, but in seating themselves inside of Luna at the same time, there came boundless realms of pure pleasure, pleasure that they were all savouring. And Luna, Luna was thrilled to finally make her fantasy a reality. Not only because it was pleasurable, but because it meant that she had overcome that one hurdle, and finally had a second friend. Grinding right to a halt, Ginny waited for the proper go ahead from Luna, knowing that the key to double stuffing someone's arse was the slow and tender approach. Never rush them and simply take your time. It was more than pleasurable enough to make all three of them cum rather rapidly, so they were hardly pressed for time. Moaning deeply, the three grew accustomed to the new pleasures, Luna's cock rapidly twitching between their bodies, spurting and spraying pre-cum across Hermione's belly as she muffled her moans in the brunette's neck. Lifting Luna's chin, Hermione guided the blonde's lips towards her own, pulling her deep into an orgasmic embrace, their lips bouncing and fluttering passionately from one to the other, their tongues rearing themselves backwards and preparing to slip inside of each other's moans. Feeling and savouring the moans of pure pleasure that were coming from Luna's lips, Hermione was confidant enough to give Ginny to thumbs up and start the never-ending train of pleasure. Tentatively at first, Ginny eased her cock slowly backwards, drawing it out of her tight and clutching entrance, easing her cock out. It took a little time as despite having breached her insatiably tight arse, it didn't change the fact that she was still completely tight and almost unbearably clutching at her cock. It took a little more spittle and Ginny's hands spreading Luna's cheeks herself to actually work herself back and out of Luna's ass, only the tip of her cock remaining inside. It was quite a contrast in pleasures; to be submerged in the tightest clutching hole one minute, only to then be lavished by the blissfully cool air of the room the next, the sight sandwiching of her cock being completely and utterly relinquished, allowing for a momentary groan of relief from Ginny. Whilst being balls deep in one of the tightest holes imaginable was amongst the single greatest pleasures she would every experience, it was rather constrictive to her cock, suffocating it in a tight, warmth. It was sensational, yet, ultimately made the satisfaction of pulling out of said entrance all the more enjoyable. Something that struck Ginny as rather strange, yet ultimately not worth the bother of thought. She was after all fucking an immensely sumptuous hole. She hardly needed to write a ten-thousand-word essay on the complexities of double butt-fucking one of her best friends. Though she could easily see the research for such a paper being remarkably enjoyable. Slowly, she began to push back in, building a slow and steady rhythm, always making sure she worked every single inch of her cock out of the blonde's ass, all before easing it back in. The first few thrusts were a mish-mash of grunts and groans, but once she was set in stone, everything fell int pleasurable place, with Hermione and Luna's snog being mixed amongst a myriad of moans of pure delight, their tongues and lips grazing against one another as they clumsily mauled the other's lips. Ginny was given plenty to focus and ogle upon as well as the clutching and flexing sight of Luna's asshole, stretched and contorted to allow her cock inside, was quite a treat indeed. The way her hole folded and buckled with each passing thrust was of endless interest to the young redhead, watching her cock glide in and out of the girl's arse. The friction between Hermione and Ginny's cocks was also an immense joy, as the two relished the way their bulbous tips and veiny shafts rubbed firmly against one another, the pre-cum and spittle allowing for a delicious sandwiching of flesh, all encased in the tight, pulsating haven of Luna's rear end. They could feel the entirety of the other's shaft, being able to pick out the slightest wrinkles and folds of flesh, simply due to how tightly their cocks were held together, with Luna's ass actively pinching them firmly atop one another. Of course, the fluctuating pressure against her prostate was what kept Luna in constant pleasure. While when she was fucked by one cock, it was the alternating satisfaction of her prostate being untouched and ground against that made the whole thing enjoyable, the joy of two cocks meant that there was always a constant push against her prostate as Hermione's cock sat idly in place, readily squashing it. It as the driving thrusts of Ginny's cock, adding that additional push, that made it truly sensational. Had Hermione's lips not been pressed against hers, the magical enchantments of the secret corridor would have had explicit trouble trying to contain the outbursts of pure delight that she would have laid upon the entire castle of Hogwarts. As Luna's ass loosened and Ginny lavished the girl's ass with more and more saliva, her strokes became firmer and with a greater impact, building up enough steam to smack her crotch into Luna's ass, causing her cheeks to jiggle as a result, a rather big step considering the work the two of them put into getting to this point. Hermione kept herself busy with Luna's lips, snogging her intimately as they squeezed their breasts together, a sudden influx of moans coming from Hermione as she began to feel Ginny's balls gently smack up against her cock, the additional sensations becoming firmer and firmer with each thrust, each smack representing a steady incline in pleasure as Luna became more acclimatised to the entire process. It was beginning to get to the point where Ginny was able to work her cock in and out without so much as the slightest hitch, fucking Luna as if it was only her shaft inside her. Of course, she could hardly pound away mercilessly, but she wasn't far off being able to properly give the blonde a good hard fucking. Luna was in pleasure heaven, her body completely submerged in truly sensational pleasures. The brief flutters of pain that had begun their foray into this intimate position had completely dissipated, leaving only intense and unwieldly pleasure; pleasure she almost entirely contributed to the steady building from Ginny's cock. The pulsating and throbbing cocks inside her bulged and seemed to expand each and every moment, giving her a truly spectacular fuck. She wanted Hermione to be able to slide that fat cock of hers as well, but the position was hardly conducive to such a thing, something that she was constantly trying to figure out a way to fix. Whenever she came close to a possible solution, Ginny would increase her pace or the firmness with which she pushed into her and Luna was once again consumed by the waves of tumultuous pleasure that crashed against her body, her cock being milked completely by the pressure between her and Hermione. Only Luna and Hermione knew just how much the blonde was enjoying herself as she was in fact currently working towards her second orgasm. The first had arrived rather abruptly following Ginny slowly gaining momentum, with the sheer overwhelming nature of all the sensations pushing her over the edge and into pleasure oblivion. Spilling a rather meek and meagre load out and onto her belly, she groaned and moaned into Hermione's mouth, the two of them feeling her seed spilling out between their bodies, smearing across their stomachs. The brunette couldn't help but moan, her own orgasm climbing closer and closer to fruition. Ginny was the same. In fact, after Luna had cum once, the blonde swiftly built right back into the place she was before, her cock hardening and her balls churning yet again. Neither Luna, Hermione or Ginny wanted the pleasure to end, but they were all aware of their impending orgasms; Ginny and Hermione more than ever. They began to feel their double penetration partner riding closer and closer to the edge, the two of them working in tandem to bring each other to orgasm together, trusting that Luna would swiftly join them as soon as she had her ass pumped full of two thick and creamy loads at once. Moaning, their breath became heavier, their balls tightening as their bodies began to glisten with sweat. Luna was already gleaming with the substance, her nerves towards being fucked in such a manner making such a thing the case. It was Ginny who ultimately pushed rope first, instantly setting Hermione off and making a chain reaction as a result. The first spray of cum bathed Hermione's cock in the substance, dredging her shaft in cum and causing her to explode as well, her cum spurting into Luna and mingling with Ginny's. Again, and again, their cockheads twitched and spilt more cum into Luna's clutching rear, the two of them quickly and easily filling her up to the brim with a sumptuous combination of cum and cock, their own cocks being marinated in the fruits of their labour. Luna's cock came suddenly and sharply, spraying a massive load up and between Hermione and hers body, the strands of cum painting both their breasts as it worked its way up between their bodies. Slowly, the two of them began to soften, their cocks slipping out of Luna's cum-soaked arse, cum dripping and dribbling down her cheeks as the redhead flopped onto the bed beside her friends, "That was fucking incredibly, Luna…" "I'm glad you enjoyed! Oh, this has been a great Christmas so far… I almost don't want it to end. But I promised I would hand out a couple presents to a few lucky strangers. Spread the Christmas cheer. Sorry I can't wait to make sure you get dressed safely," Luna squealed, recovering from a rather rough ass fucking with exceptional ease. She rolled of the bed and ducked around the corner, only to immediately double back and poke her head back around, "Merry Christmas!" "Are we going to tell her?" Hermione as she and Ginny reclined in the bed, wiping of their cocks on the sheets and relaxing. Neither of them had anything planned for the rest of the day and had rather been hoping that Luna would stay a while. Hermione in particular wanted a go on top, but it seemed that it was only her and Ginny that would be left to entertain themselves. "Tell her what?" Ginny asked, as Hermione chuckled. Going blank for a moment, she stared at the brunette with complete confusion, Hermione looking back with equal disbelief. "Tell her what? That it's April. She's handing out Christmas Presents half-way through Spring. I figured we ought to let her know," Hermione explained, Ginny suddenly and swiftly realising what she meant, but ultimately brushing it off. "And ruin her fun. Besides, do you really think that It matters what time of year she hands out her weird, strange sexual presents. Blowjobs are a universal sign of good faith, Christmas or otherwise. Besides, she might ask you to take two cocks up the ass to make up for it. You've taken cocks, but I doubt you'd take two with ease," Ginny chuckled, playfully slapping Hermione's ass as she rose up onto her knees, collected her cock with her hand and playfully slapped it against the brunette's lips. Author's Note: I sincerely hope you enjoyed that. I wish to say that it is always a particular joy of mine to put together this little Christmas treat of sorts. And it is more joyous this year as I've had several commissions and sponsors over the year, from kind folk who wished to help me out. And so, this helps as a little bonus thank-you for all those good people. This is dedicated to you folks for keeping me afloat. I'm going to be putting this message at the end of every final upload for this year, so if you've read it before, give it a skip to the very end of it to read the tease for the next chapter. Same words, same stuff. I just want to talk about the future and what will be happening in the next year. Plans and the such. So, going into the new year, I have a few goals. Finish Sensations of Shemales: Items of Aphrodomina. That is top of the list, because I want to get onto the sequel. Shouldn't be too difficult but bear in mind I have quite a busy year aside from fanfiction, so any time I do get to do this will be devoted primarily to SoS. Secondary stories will be primarily the same, with some stories being occasional uploads whenever I feel like it. If the story is listed as 'completed' I will not be returning to it. I will be actively trying to update 'Clara Oswald: The Impossible Arse' 'Amy Pond: The Slut Who Waited' 'Game of Moans: Weekly One-Shots' 'Hunger Games: A More Sexual Story'. These will be the main focus aside from SoS. These four stories are open to sponsorship. Essentially, if you are willing, you can pay £20 which will give me a bit of time to sit down and finish the latest chapter. It takes a fair while to get time to write these stories, which means most chapters sit half-finished for a month or so. Sponsors essentially pay for an hour of two so that I can finish them. Cheaper than commissions. I will also try and be fairly balanced between stories. So, unless specifically sponsored, I will try and get each story updated, before I update one of the stories again. If that makes sense. Commissions will be closed for a couple weeks and will re-open on the Monday the 14th. Usual rates will apply, if interested, shoot me a message either here or on Tumblr. Tumblr would be preferable. Same name as on here. Speaking of Tumblr, I will be keeping all my current stories on there, but will be looking elsewhere to continue writing. I despise what Tumblr has done to the NSFW community and don't feel right continuing to post there. I will still check messages on Tumblr however, so if that is how you choose to get in touch, I'll still respond. Apart from that, Merry Christmas, go get absolutely sloshed and have a drink on me. Do the same on New Year's. If you don't remember a thing, you've done it right. All the best, and I will see you all soon!
Author's Note: Hey guys! It is a brand-new year and with the turn of the year comes plenty more smutty goodness to be enjoyed and devoured. First and foremost, I want to thank you guys for the response towards the Bellatrix chapter as it was very much appreciated. I used that chapter to test and put forward some of the kinkier ideas I had and seeing that they were all well received simply means that there will be more of that stuff in the future. Especially as we get towards the final chapters of this story. The story is very close to being finished with the last chapter being that of chapter 50. So, we are steadily ticking forwards and hopefully that will be finished relatively soon. I do have a busy year ahead, yet I am endeavouring to have this story finished in the first quarter of the year (hopefully before the last season of Game of Thrones so that I can write weekly chapters to coincide with each episode!). So, without further ado, here is the latest chapter. This chapter will feature some gay content, but as with the Bellatrix chapter, it will be signposted and marked so as to be skipped. If any vital information is revealed within that portion of the story, there will be a brief note at the end of the gay section. That is my plan going forward for introducing gay content. I realise it ain't everyone's cup of tea, but there will rarely be an entire chapter dedicated to solely a gay pairing. It is after all, a story revolving around shemales! Chapter 44: The Lost Tradition "And zat was zat? You did not discuss it any further?" Fleur asked as she and Harry sat on one of the benches in the open courtyard, watching as people walked by, utterly baffled by their presence together and the fact that their rivalry in the competition had been reduced to an idle chat on a park bench. There was only a week remaining until the final Task and Harry and Fleur had been given time away from their classes in order to prepare, the two taking that opportunity to simply sit and chat as opposed to studying and practicing any further; Harry because he had swiftly realised that any significant preparation he could do had long since had the opportunity to happen, and Fleur primarily because she needed a break. Her mother had been especially rigorous about the need to train restricting Fleur from the relief she needed until she had reached certain milestones. Little did she know that Fleur no longer needed to rely on her family for such necessities. Fleur continued with a smirk, "You are not bothered about your girlfriend fucking 'er brother, non? Zat should make for some interesting situations." "Of course, I'm a little bothered. But… Well… I don't really have much right to be, do I? I mean, I've been with you and your sister at the same time so obviously I'm not bothered by incest. So, fundamentally I should be on board. But… He's my best friend. I suppose it's the fact it's my best friend and my girlfriend. And the fact that they are brother and sister. I don't know. Point is, me and Ginny aren't really going to discuss it to be honest. I'd like not to think about it and as long as they don't do it right in front of me, well, I'll manage," Harry rambled, fidgeting, nerves still plaguing him in regard to the final task. Even though he neglected to prepare, he still felt a shambles. Hermione's constant advice did little to ease it and he only briefly escaped whenever he and Ginny spent the night together. Even then, it was only momentary. "Ah, but iz zat going to 'appen? Mon ami, Ginny 'as been presented an opportunity. 'er boyfriend and 'er brother? Zat iz an opportunity one is not likely to miss. And a girl like Ginny, well, she's probably already got ze date and time prepared… I would expect you invitation any day now, 'arry," Fleur teased, as she reclined in the chair, relaxing and letting the prim austerity of her usual posture dissolve. It was reaffirming to lounge places. She never lounged. Hell, the fact that her legs were slightly parted made her feel lewd if nothing. Despite her proclivity for perversion, whenever she was out and about she retained an air of elegance and beauty, embodying class in a short dress. Frankly, letting her legs part was always a sign of sexual intent, and yet now she sat there with no desire to fuck anyone beyond maybe sneaking of with Harry for a quickie. And even that was purely circumstantial. "Well… Here's hoping that date is far, far away… You know, It's weird. This entire year. I never quite think about it. Frankly it's baffling that Ginny and Ron is where I draw the line, when at the beginning of the year I didn't even know the line existed," Harry commented, watching as the courtyard began to clear, the bell for classes sounding and the majority of students disappearing into the castle, swiftly leaving Fleur and Harry alone. "Ah, I envy zat. I grew up with it all. Zere was no secrecy, no thrill. Sure, it was fun and exciting, but it was never new. By fourteen I 'ad felt it all. Anal, oral, ze 'ole lot. I never 'ad zat line as you zay. Everything was normal. Ze idea of taking two cocks up ze arse was a trivial as morning toast," Fleur added, breathing deeply as her cock twitched at the thought of it all. It was all pleasurable, even the thought of it, yet it was pleasure and pleasure alone. Her familial relationships were built on it. She loved her mother and sister, but that was never born or enhanced by sex. Sex and their love were two completely segregated things. One never spawned the other. There was the familial bond and then there was sex, "And zen… Well, sex became a tool. I was taught to bat my eyelids, lift my skirt, and get flying grades. Zat was zat…" "I can't imagine," Harry smirked, watching as Fleur leant forward, a smile on her immaculate face. He still got a flicker of life in his cock even from just looking at her. That was something Fleur would never escape. No matter how hard she tried. "Don't. 'old onto ze fact zat something sexual unnerves you. Zat zere are taboos for you. Zat means zat sex is something more zan just pleasurable," Fleur said rather solemnly, Harry raising an eyebrow at her distant and vacant glare. Boldly, he lifted an arm and wrapped it around Fleur's shoulder, pulling her close for a moment, just a squeeze before sliding away. A smile broached her face, followed by a chuckle. "Harry!" a voice squeaked from beside him, startling both of them and turning their attention to the side. Catching his breath, Harry simple chuckled. It was Colin, a smile wider than anything stretched across his face. Completely and utterly ecstatic, his cheeks threatened to tear in two. Suddenly realising that he had a reason for approaching him, Colin reached into his pocket and plucked a letter out from within it, "I've a letter for you Harry. From Professor McGonagall." "Ah! Ze invitation to ze incestual threesome…" Fleur whispered in Harry's ear, the boy playfully punching her shoulder as she giggled incessantly. Taking the letter, Harry nodded politely in response to Colin, his cheeks burning flushed and red. "And… And… Miss Dela…. Miss Delacour. I have a letter for you… Ma'am…" Colin stammered, the boy surprisingly more nervous in front of her than Harry. Smirking, Harry watched as she curtly took the letter, playfully winking at the boy and setting his cheeks on fire. Some habits were hard to shake for the young blonde. Standing in front of the two of them, Colin waited patiently, the two of them not exactly sur what he was waiting for. "Is that all Colin?" Harry asked with a smile, the boy still grinning. It was difficult to ascertain whether or not Colin was exceptionally giddy or just being Colin, especially when placed in front of Harry. Yet, there was a certain glimmer in his eye, one that was decidedly new. "Well, Hermione's just great, isn't she?" he beamed, taking Harry by surprise. Not privy to Hermione many salacious endeavours on the night of the great game, Harry didn't have a single clue that that was what Colin was referencing. And little did Harry and Hermione know that Colin cherished those photos from that day with abject glee, as anyone would, relishing the chance to ogle them. "Yeah, she's… she's pretty great," Harry stammered, Colin finally turning and walking away, leaving both Harry and Fleur confused. Brushing it aside, the two of them peeled open their letters, the text and message entirely replicated only with personal details changed. Dear Mr. Potter, As the Third Task of the Triwizard Tournament nears arrival, the collective schools and their representing faculty have decided that tradition must be adhered to. Thus, in agreement with the Ministry Of Magic, you are invited to attend an evening of relaxation and pampering at the expense of the host school. Your fellow competitors will also be in attendance and your presence is highly expected. The event shall take place in four day's-time on the Friday preceding the Task. It shall be held in the Prefect's Bathroom on the Fifth Floor, beginning at 6:00pm. Dinner shall be served. P.S. Whilst attendance is not mandatory Mr. Potter, I wholly expect you to be there and in best behaviour. Your inclusion in the competition remains contentious. Best foot forwards. With Regards, Professor McGonagall "Well, zis iz a pleasant surprise," Fleur smirked, reading and re-reading the letter a few times before tucking it into her bag, turning towards Harry with a smile. Less convinced of the idea than her, Harry shrugged and did the same, folding the letter and putting it away. "I dunno… Cedric and Krum aren't exactly great company. In fact… I don't think I've heard Krum do anything other than grunt. I suppose it'll be alright," Harry deflected, Fleur baffled by his lack of imagination. The two slid out of their seats, turning to walk away. "Mon ami, 'ave a little creativity. Ze bathroom, ze water, ze bubbles… Perhaps you forget your swimsuit and 'ave to go in naked. Ze possibilities are endless," Fleur grinned, her salacious tendencies still fiery within her. She had already begun planning the evening out in her mind and wondering just what she could get away with. "And why would I want to do that with Cedric and Krum of all people? You, definitely, but them? Not a chance," Harry laughed, hoisting his bag a little higher as they wound into the castle and along the empty corridors, the two chuckling as they went. "Why not? Cedric is a razer 'andsome boy. And Krum… Well, Krum is a superstar…" Fleur suggested, admitting that Krum was hardly a catch. In fact, she often wondered just what Hermione saw in the man. Beyond his celebrity appeal, the lack of anything between his head made him substantially… brick-like. "I'm not into guys like that. It's…" Harry began, allowing Fleur to lunge in with a tangent, bouncing out in front of him and walking backwards with a smile. Her breasts still bounced inside those immensely tight outfits and she made it incredibly difficult to simply chat. "Weird? 'ow could you ever be with a man like zat? Sucking cock? Preposterous! Taking it up ze ass? No sir, I am entirely straight," Fleur mocked, her understanding of the masculine mentality being entirely apparent. And whilst she thought it completely and utterly ludicrous, Harry found it to be grating, "If I asked them to wear a fake pair of tits, would you go for it? It is all ze same stuff and it all goes in ze same place." "You were the one talking about holding onto taboos. They make sex meaningful, do they not? Well, this the line I draw," Harry retorted, Fleur finding that unsatisfactory. As they neared the crossroads in their path, the two ground briefly to a halt. "You already 'ave a line. And lines are meant to be redrawn and at least experimented with. You saw Ginny and Ron and decided you didn't like it. 'ave you been fucked by a man yet?" Fleur asked, a smirk on her face, one that Harry despised due to it's smugness, "I thought not. I shall see you Friday and we shall toe the line together!" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Bonjour… I trust you 'ave been thinking on what we discussed earlier?" Fleur smirked as she stood outside the Prefect's bathroom with a smile. She had slung over her shoulder a bag filled with various objects that she intended to use for her salacious endeavours. "I have, and, no. I honestly don't want to be here at all, but…" Harry sighed as he approached her, absolutely despising the devilish look on her face. He had come to know Fleur rather well and she was wearing the smile she used to elicit reactions from those she was attempting to seduce. Having been at her mercy several times, Harry had become dull to her Veela charms, at least in a sense. Her overall allure and beauty never failed to make him hard regardless of his mood, yet he found himself resistant to becoming a slavering fool. She might be able to arouse him, but he wasn't a puppet desperately wanting to fuck her. He simply just wanted to fuck her of his own accord. "Put it from your mind zen… Mon ami, enjoy ze evening. It iz meant to be relaxing. Come on…" Fleur beckoned, grabbing him by the arm and pulling him towards the bathroom. Stepping inside, they were met with an immediate aroma of rich soaps and fine oils. Drinking it in, even Harry found himself strangely taken by the atmosphere and thin haze of steam that clung to the air. Already feeling hot beneath the collar, the shared a glance with one another, Fleur slightly more enthused about it all, but Harry slowly warming to it. Truth be told, ever since he and Hermione visited Fleur's mother and enjoyed their blowjobs in the hot-tub, he had fantasised about Fleur in slick soapy water, bubbles frothing around her breasts as she swam elegantly back and forth. It reminded him of his encounter with her in the Black Lake, something that both haunted him and made him horny. Making their way around the corner, they saw the bath already thick with bubbles and full of water. Searching around, they spotted that Krum was already in there, soaking in the water whilst Cedric was off to the side, indulging in another aspect of their evening. There had been several massage tables set up in a small private alcove of the room, with enchanted make-shift hands working back and forth across Cedric's body. Much to Fleur's amusement, the angle they were at allowed them a glimpse at the boy's curved ass, something she nudged Harry towards, annoying him and prompting him to move past her with a sigh as he powered towards the changing room, ignoring the quiet squeal of excitement that came from Fleur as she followed after him. "You are intolerable, you know that, right?" Harry sighed as he slipped into one of the small changing cubicles, the walls only coming up to his neck, allowing him and Fleur to see each other's heads as they were changing. Using her wand, Fleur removed her clothing and neatly folded it, plucking from her back her swimsuit, something that she was incredibly proud of. Pulling it on, she turned to Harry and leant on the small wall separating them, her eyes wandering down and ogling him as he changed. Smirking as she noticed how hard he was, she watched him pull his swimming shorts on before he exited the cubicle, "You done in there, Fleur?" "Ah… Yes. I fear I may 'ave bought a size too small," Fleur commented as she left the cubicle, flaunting the outfit that she had chosen for the evening. Harry's eyes went completely wide, his heart racing and his cock throbbing at the mere sight of her. It was perhaps the simply skimpiest bikini that there possibly was. It was a pale blue slingshot bikini, compose of the thinnest strings of fabric. Having enchanted the lower half, it looked as if her thick cock didn't exist, with the fabric clinging to her crotch as if it in fact hid a pussy. The fabric then split into two strands, each one running up her body and folding over her breasts, the swatches of fabric barely covering her nipples before sliding over her shoulders. She was pretty much naked and as she turned around to flaunt her rear end, she simply showed that her juicy, hungry round ass had enveloped the fabric, with her entire rear end in full view, unhampered by the fabric of her swimsuit. Knowing the exact effect, it would have on the boys, she was more than thrilled to realise that even Harry was gobsmacked with the sight of her. It would make her plans for later on all the easier. "You're actually going to wear that? Are you sure just going naked isn't a smarter idea? It would get the job done just as well," Harry smirked, completely enthralled by her outfit, yet still not under her Veela influence, something that Fleur admired in him. "It is about what is not on show, not what is. Basic rules of arousal. Take notes. Ah, before I forget…" Fleur smirked, reaching into the cubicle and withdrawing her wand. With a single wave of the wand, she cast a silent spell, a burst of flame lunging from her wand and catching on Harry's shorts. In one swift plume, the entire garment was incinerated, leaving Harry entirely naked. Leaping back into the cubicle, he glanced around for Cedric and Krum, not wanting to be seen naked by the competition, "Mon ami! I am so sorry! Mon dieu… Zat was not my intention…" "And what was? To burn me entirely? Right. I'm going," Harry stammered, grabbing his bag and moving to pull his clothes out. Cursing the fact that he had taken after Ginny's tendency to avoid wearing underwear, Harry was stopped as Fleur stepped into the tight cubicle, their bodies pressing up against one another and Fleur's delicately placed outfit being unsettled and her breasts bursting free. "I am sure ze will not might you free-balling, so to speak. Besides, ze will be looking at me and not you I expect… And… Well… I shall make It worth your while…." Fleur purred softly, sliding downwards, manoeuvring the tight space elegantly and coming face to face with Harry's cock. Without a second thought, she took the entirety of his shaft into her throat, her hands curving around and clasping Harry's ass cheeks, tenderly massaging them as she cradled his cock in her gullet, her tongue lapping and curling around his shaft, slavering and slurping hungrily on his shaft. After a few seconds, she plucked her lips from his cock, stood back up and wiped her lips with her thumb, offering nothing more than a sultry wink before she turned and left the cubicle, adjusting her bikini before she disappeared around the corner. Unable to ignore an offer like that, Harry gave into his teenage sensibilities and horny desires to chance any and every sexual encounter with that blonde bimbo he could. "I hate her… I really do," Harry muttered under his breath, lying to himself as he inched after her. Managing to grab a towel, he wrapped it around himself, hoping that he would be able to stave off, for the most part, having to let the other two men see his naked body. Turning around the corner, he saw that both Krum and Cedric were openly ogling Fleur as she soaked herself in the shower, letting the water flow down her body, rendering a glossy, gleaming beauty. Moaning as the hot water covered her, she gestured over to Harry for him to join. Ignoring that offer, he instead stood by the entrance, unsure where to place himself. It truly was an awkward collection of people, with no one really fitting in with one another, besides Fleur and Harry. Sighing, she turned the shower off and pulled Harry by the hand and into the small alcove reserved for the massages. Cedric was leaning up from his, only to quickly bury his head in the massage table as Fleur entered. "Come on, 'arry. At least try and enjoy yourself…" Fleur sighed, gesturing towards one of the massage tables. The alcove was situated so that they couldn't be seen by Krum in the swimming pool, affording them some privacy from his prying eyes. Sighing, Harry conceded and dropped the towel, quickly leaping up onto a massage table and hiding his arousal by laying down. Only a few moments passed however until he was met with Fleur's cock thrusting through the face-hole, prodding up against his lips and causing him to leap back as she laughed to herself. "You are pushing your luck," Harry groaned as he leant back down, but didn't dare place his head in the hole once more, instead keeping his eyes on Fleur as she batted away the enchanted massage apparatus and plucked a bottle of oil up herself, gently squeezing it onto her hands. "Ah, but zey are designed for zis. Zey even 'ave a little 'ole," Fleur smirked, before pushing Harry's head back down and beginning to work her hands back and forth across his back, gently working the oil into his skin, driving her palms back and forth, lubricating his soft skin to a glimmering shine. She didn't even bother to store her cock back inside the fabric of her bikini, instead letting it hang down between her legs, her nipples popping free as the fabric was displaced down below. She didn't care in the slightest however as she continued to work her hands along Harry's back, moving down towards his ass. Even Harry began to soften to the situation, her delicate hands and thoughtful pressures allowing for him to relax a little, even as he was completely and utterly aware of where this was going. Her oily digits certainly weren't going to stop at his waist. Frankly, he was surprised she hadn't simply leapt to that in the first place and began to pump her fingers into him. However, Fleur herself was a little pre-occupied, her gaze instead cast over her shoulder, trying to catch Cedric in the middle of one of his not so subtle fleeting glances. As their eyes met, Cedric froze, caught in the middle of ogling the beautiful woman. Expecting a stern reprimand, Cedric instead was given an invitation. Gently bouncing in place, she jiggled her ass cheeks, the two heavenly globes clapping against one another for the briefest of moments, all before she leant forwards somewhat and reached back with one of her hands. Oiled and slickened, she placed the hand on one of her cheeks, the substance drizzling down her bum as she spread her ass in two, giving Cedric a good solid look at her puckered asshole, concealed by the thin fabric of her bikini, yet with the fringes entirely on show. It almost winked temptingly. Fleur felt somewhat of a uncertainty about doing this, with the act suddenly feeling… whorish. She had done just this many times, with the number of instances of her simply bending over and making sure her asshole got a good ogle being innumerable. Yet, in light of her recent awakening, it struck her as intensely perverse. However, she was more than willing to fast-track the inclusion of Cedric and Krum as ultimately it meant nothing to her. What she wanted from them was simply their cocks and asses. Not for herself, but instead for the darling boy whose ass she was just about to finger. It was made a little more palatable as she told herself that she was flaunting her ass only to further her relationship with Harry, something that gave a streak of confidence and certainty. Besides, she only had a couple months left in Britain and she almost saw that as a farewell period to her old self. Once she returned to France, she was going to put it all aside. Yet… It wasn't as simple as turning off a switch. And so, she considered the next two months a grace period in which she didn't force her new-self to become prominent but didn't rely on her sexuality too much. This was the first time that week that she had purposefully attempted to garner attention from someone with her body. It felt, strange. Almost like it was a fix for her. Drizzling a bottleful of oil down onto her ass cheeks, she turned back around and left Cedric to his own devices, knowing that she was the bridge between the boy and Harry, and ultimately it was her that would facilitate something that she was excited to see. Peeling apart Harry's cheeks, Fleur gently slipped her fingers down to Harry's asshole, capitalising on the sensual haze that had claimed Harry. Having been a part of the Quidditch Team for some time, Harry wasn't totally embarrassed about being naked around other guys, but so flagrantly displaying his cock was what perturbed him. Taking comfort in the fact that his cock was hidden and just what Fleur was doing to his ass being hidden by her body, he was a little more relaxed to her probing ministrations. That, and after a quick glance over to Cedric, he noticed that he was still in his place, but not for much longer, unbeknownst to Harry. As Fleur massaged and rubbed his ass, gently loosening it with oil and her tender fingers, Harry lay back into the table and simply allowed her to do her thing. His teenage lust clouded his judgement and turned him towards simply letting the beautiful blonde do as she pleased. Harry might have become somewhat of a sexual connoisseur, but even he was prey to his youth and how horny his life was. Even having fucked several girls countless times, the sight of a pair of tits still rendered him boyishly excited. And having Fleur so eager to make him cum was a dream. And it would remain a dream long into his adulthood. So, that first probing push inside of his ass, a push that was marked by a soft groan from Harry, was the first step to breaking down Harry's barriers towards those of the same gender. He was more inclined to fuck Fleur in front of them, or even perhaps with them, but to be fucked himself by them was still a farfetched idea of lunacy in his mind. Two fingers nestled themselves inside of Harry's ass and both he and Fleur shared a soft moan. Before she could savour the tightness of his hole, a smile broached her cheeks. She felt two hands grasp her ass and begin to paw and pull at her cheeks, working the slippery slick oil across her butt, massaging it into every inch, relishing and ravishing each soft expanse of flesh. Cedric would have vehemently denounced doing such a thing with a girl other than Cho a couple weeks ago, but since her losing of the vial -something he was oblivious to- he had been far more inclined to lust after other ladies, whilst still adoring her. Boldly working the thin piece of fabric out from between her ass cheeks, Cedric was surprised as doing so caused the entire garment to loosen and fall around her feet, her cock properly flopping down and landing in Cedric's gaze. He may not have been under Cho's potion's influence, but that didn't change the impact that it had on his sexual desires. Following Cho's ministrations, one thing had changed. There wasn't a sight that Cedric loved more than that of a thick and juicy cock. In fact, any cock caught his interest. The position he was in made It difficult to suck her off, but Cedric didn't want his tongue to go to waist and considering what he was face to face with and his propensity and talent for oral endeavours, he found a place to seat his tongue easily, his hands becoming busied elsewhere, drenched in oil and lubricated beyond belief, creating a tight, slippery pocket of warmth in each of his palms. A truly heavenly thing for someone with so sensitive and thick a cock as Fleur Delacour. Pumping her two fingers in and out of Harry's ass, Fleur found herself to be quickly distracted by the ministrations of Cedric's hands and tongue. Boldly and without wasting a single second, Cedric lunged forward with his tongue plunged It into her asshole, even he being surprised with how easily her seemingly tight hole enveloped and accepted his tongue, with the muscle being seated right up inside her within a matter of moments. Her ass cheeks fell back into place, smothering the Hufflepuff in the haven of flesh in which he seemed content to simply revel. His hands however reached down to her cock, wrapping around her shaft and squeezing it softly, working his slickened hands along her throbbing shaft. The way that she was stood, and the weight of her cock meant that it dangled down between her thighs regardless of how hard it was. That then meant that Cedric was ultimately milking her as if she was a cow, sliding and squeezing his hands up and down, jerking his back and forth, moaning as she twitched and pulsated in his hands, her ass clenching and spasming around his tongue as he explored her delicious and rather delectable insides, writhing his tongue back and forth in search of that sweet, delicate prostate that would allow him to milk even more pleasure from the blonde's supple and delicious body. The moans that came from Cedric were muffled, but that didn't matter as Fleur seemed content to make her moans loud enough to cover the both of them, with her rather shamelessly letting the sounds of her being rimmed and jerked to fill the entire room, encouraging Krum to see just what was going on, the man lurking towards the entrance of the Prefect's bathroom, allowing him a decent angle on the myriad of salacious pleasures on display. Moans began to fill the small little alcove, the trio delving into a rather sumptuous area of pleasure. Cedric's tongue began to pull out of Fleur's ass, his lips gliding along her crack and down to her cock, his tongue curling and salivating across the girl's heavy balls. Moaning as he savoured the pulsating sack, his hands continued to work her cock, his tongue gliding along her shaft as he angled her cock backwards, allowing him to run his lips and tongue across her shaft, lavishing it with every possible movement of his tongue. As he got into it, the instincts that Cho had built inside of him as a result of her potion kicked in and his submissive ideals kicked him, the boy worshiping her cock with avid desire, his lips and tongue coating every inch of her shaft in saliva, his own cock throbbing and twitching at the mere thought of being at Fleur Delacour's sexual mercy. Distracted by the pleasure for only the briefest moments, Fleur continued her work on Harry's ass, increasing the number of fingers she was easing into him, knowing full well that his ass could take plenty. Whilst the idea of thrusting her fist into the boy's ass was incredibly enticing, she ended up abandoning that idea, instead lowering her lips down to his slickened hole, her tongue gently running back and forth across his stretched ass, darting around and between her fingers, adding a new realm of pleasure and simultaneously adjusting her position so that she thrust her ass back into Cedric's face, further forcing his lips up against her cock and driving his tongue along her shaft, the pleasure being palpable as her cock drizzled pre-cum like a fountain, mixing with the oil to create an absolutely heavenly lubricant, one that Cedric couldn't help but wish would be used to fuck him. The side effects of the exposure to the potion were quite apparent. Whilst Cho was doing everything to keep Cedric, submitting her body in new ways as her insecurities drove her to assume that sex was the only thing keeping them together, she overlooked the fact that Cedric was more submissive now. It had always been his preference, but the potion super-charged it, turning him into a slavering butt-slut and frankly the only thing that had changed between the potion no longer being effect was that he had more control. That didn't mean he didn't want Cho to slap him across the face and force her cock up his ass all night long. Frankly, the position he was in right now, worshipping Fleur's cock was the most aroused he had felt in a long time, absolutely adoring how it made his cock pulsate and his ass quiver. Little did he know exactly what Fleur was going to have him doing. Harry, oblivious to Cedric's involvement, simply took the slurping sounds to be that of Fleur's tongue working avidly around his ass. However, it was the addition of something wrapping around his cock that took him mostly by surprise. With his shaft sandwiched against the base of the massage table, it took him sharply by surprise the moment that he felt what was akin to a tongue running along his shaft, flicking back and forth against his sensitive skin. His eyes flew open only for him to be met with an all too familiar sight below him. It took him a moment to realise exactly what was happening, yet positioned beneath him was the throbbing, hardened shaft of a lithe, supple young girl. An ethereal young girl. The sensations were a surprise, yet not entirely unwelcome. Whilst his encounter with Myrtle previously was amongst the weirdest and most estranged things he had ever come to experience, it was still a rather fond memory in terms of sexual pleasure. If anything, it stood as one of the single most orgasmic experiences of his life. And her Myrtle was licking and… sucking as best as a ghost could suck, on his cock, working through the massage table as she slavered over his shaft. Suddenly, he felt her cold and wispy hand grasp his cock, circling around it, sinking into his shaft just as much as she surrounded it. Moaning sharply, he watched as the cock beneath him began to rise slowly. Not in hardness or arousal, but in proximity, with the ghost slowly lifting her hips and guiding her cock through the conveniently placed hole. Not that she would have been stopped by a solid surface. Harry would forever struggle to describe how unique and satisfying the combination of corporeal and real pleasure was. Having the cold chill of Myrtle's mouth working along his cock whilst Fleur's fingers and tongue dove into his ass, the warmth of her flicking muscle making him truly quiver. Moans flooded from his mouth as he was completely won over. He was in such a state of pleasure that were Cedric or Krum to simply walk up and thrust their cocks into his mouth, he wouldn't have been in anyways able to deny them that pleasure. Lucky for him, neither one was willing or in the position to do so. Cedric was busy lavishing Fleur and Krum was busy staring at them from the doorway, groping and squeezing his cock in a lustful way. Krum and Fleur were born in very different countries and very different lifestyles. This sort of situation was completely normal for them. The Quidditch life brought orgies a plenty and Fleur was Fleur. It was really only Harry and Cedric that needed convincing to have a foursome. Cedric was won over by Fleur's allure and Harry was well on the way to thinking a four-way was a swell idea. The evening was shaping up to be a rather pleasant affair in Krum's mind. Harry felt Myrtle's cock push past his lips, the ghost thrusting into an immediate slow and tender rhythm, softly humping his face to no effect on Harry. He would never get used to it but took to it with an eagerness. Parting his lips instinctually, he simply lay there, allowing Myrtle to use his mouth as she saw fit, primarily due to the fact that there was very little he could do to stop her. In fact, if she wished, she could follow him around as he went to classes, throat-fucking him as much as she wanted; something that had crossed her mind. Many times, she had thought about paying a visit to the Gryffindor Tower as Harry slept. It wasn't like he'd ever know after all. The combination of pleasures became too much for Harry and he began to feel his cock twitch and pulsate in that all too familiar way. Fleur picked up on what was happening almost immediately, the girl able to sense even the slightest convulsions through his ass. Intensifying her methodical pumping of his tight, clutching little ass, she drove him over the edge, Harry letting out a deep and orgasmic moan as he came onto the massage table, his cum spurting against his stomach and smearing across his skin. Myrtle continued to lavish his cock, forever tormented by the fact that she would never be able to indulge in tasting Harry's cum. It would forever lay there, unable to be savoured by the person who would enjoy savouring it the most. Myrtle's involvement in the sexual escapades was known only to Krum and Harry, with Fleur and Cedric being oblivious to the horny young ghosts eager involvement. As Harry came, she quickly ducked back into the wall, hiding away and offering a quick shush gesture to Harry. "Mon amies…" Fleur purred, lifting Harry's head softly as she pulled her fingers out of his ass, gently threading her two hands through each of her boy-toy's hair. Lifting Cedric away from her cock, she guided him around and into Harry's view, the black-haired wizard starting sharply and suddenly, blushing immediately, only to realise that Cedric was truly in a sexual haze, completely at the mercy of the sultry blonde. Guiding the brunette towards Harry, Fleur gently pushed their heads closer and closer, the intention entirely clear and known. Cedric, completely willingly, endeavoured to kiss Harry, knowing that it was what Fleur desired, whereas Harry quickly and sharply rolled off of the massage table, staggering back, overcoming his embarrassment over flaunting his cock to other men. Smirking, Fleur lifted Cedric's lips up to her own, offering a soft and luscious kiss to the boy before gently smacking his ass and sending him on his way, the boy walking out into the main area of the bathroom, completely forgetting a towel and unashamedly displaying himself to Krum, who avoided looking, even as Cedric realised and blushed heavily, darting towards the bath and sinking into it. Realising that his ogling was about to be noticed, Krum followed suit, dropping into the opposite side of the bath and awaiting Fleur's gorgeous form to come back into view. Crossing to Harry, she lightly laughed and grabbed his cock, softly squeezing it and bringing it back to full mast, her hand soaked in his cum, "Come on. Let's get you washed up…" Turning around, she swayed her way around the corner, her arse wiggling in the way that she knew grabbed even Harry's attention. Lacking in the energy to even argue with her anymore, Harry moved to walk after her, but briefly stopped. Grabbing a towel, he didn't wrap it around his waist, but instead cleaned up the cum that had covered his body, not wanting Krum to judge him despite already being aware of everything that had happened. Following after Fleur, he found her inside the pool already, the bubbles dying down just a little, enough that he could see her breasts, but not so much that he could see her cock. Cedric was reclined beside her, his eyes fixated on her breasts, the boy so engrossed that he didn't even bother to be subtle about it. Slipping down and into the water, Harry spaced himself a little from Fleur and Cedric, being about as far away from them as Krum was to them. Worried about exactly what Fleur was going to do, Harry decided to err on the side of caution, finding the water and relaxing aromas to be exactly what he needed. It didn't stop him from worrying consistently about the various whispers and murmurs that Fleur made to Cedric, the Hufflepuff eating out of the palm of her hand. It was always astounding just how Fleur could wrap people around her fingers. She was able to do so even without the implementation of sexual perversions, yet Fleur had found that that was the simplest way. She had a way with words, compounded by her Veela allure that simply made her a siren. A damn good fuck, but a siren, nonetheless. And then, Harry watched as Cedric dipped below the water, disappearing amidst the bubbles. Immediately panicking, Harry lunged his hands towards his own crotch, hoping that Fleur wasn't attempting something. A few moments passed when a moan finally broached Fleur's lips, the blonde reclining against the wall and letting her eyes roll closed, her lips parted as she let her pleasure be known. She glanced a couple times over at Harry, suggestively and sultrier with each passing moment. A minute passed, and Harry eventually let his hands come away from his crotch, remaining wary as he did so. Another minute passed, and Harry grew a little more relaxed, his muscles untensing and his body sinking into the water a little more. It was, however, a relaxation that was ultimately twinned with more pleasure. Gasping suddenly, Harry didn't feel anything attack his cock, but instead his loosened asshole. Not that the looser nature of his hole meant a single thing, as the person invading it cared not for Harry's anal proficiency. The cool chill of Myrtle's fingers began to work themselves into his ass, pushing into his hole and sliding up until they found his prostate. Ignoring the fact that in order to reach it, she was required to push beyond the physical limitations that would have been in place were she human, Myrtle began to rub and massage that tender button, treating it as a muggle would treat a clit, gently rubbing and massaging it, even going so far as to mimic pinning it between her thumb and forefinger, rolling the digits back and forth as she applied her unique form of pleasurable pressure to his sensitive bulb. Moaning deeply, that was the push that finally caused Harry's eyes to roll closed, the scented soaps and oils taken a hold of him and his defences slacking. Relaxing entirely, he felt his cock get slowly enveloped into the realm of pleasure as Myrtle advanced her endeavours to make her darling Harry Potter cum again and again. Or so Harry assumed. For amidst the bubbles and pleasure haze, it became difficult to distinguish what was real and what was ethereal. Fleur's façade cracked, her fake moans of pleasure ceasing as she watched Harry's defence's fall. It was rare that Fleur had to pretend to be pleasured as she could often just get someone to pleasure her, but her little trickery required a degree of acting, acting that she was remarkably good at. After all, when you've spent so much time in orgasmic ecstasy, it becomes incredible easy to mirror that sentiment. And finally, she snaked Harry into her trap. Or rather, into Cedric's. A bubblehead charm allowed his breath to hold and as he waited for his moment, it finally revealed itself. Gay Content As per Fleur's instructions, Cedric swam towards Harry, watching for the perfect moment when Harry was distracted, allowing him to envelop Harry's cock. Not entirely averse to the idea of sucking a guy's cock, Cedric saw as a stepping stone to the real feast. Fleur promised unhindered access to her juicy, delicious cock, if Cedric did as she asked, ultimately making him completely subservient to her. Besides, the idea of being forced to be gay sent shivers down his spine. With Harry distracted, Cedric moved forwards, gently wrapping his lips around the head of Harry's cock. Stopping, he waited, worried that Harry would immediately push him away, yet for whatever reason, he was completely alright with it, almost completely unaware that it was happening at all. With that in mind, Cedric angled himself to properly slurp and suckle on his cock, wanting to make Harry explode as swiftly as possible. With his lips and throat in the right place, he pushed his mouth down towards Harry's base, finding it easy to deepthroat the entire length, nestling his nose against Harry's crotch, his throat clutching at the boy's cock. Cedric was used to throating monster cocks like Cho's, meaning that Harry's was a trifle in his eyes. It was still rather sizable and a proverbial treat to the cock-hungry Hufflepuff, yet it paled in comparison to what he was used to. That, however, was to the benefit of Harry, who was given the pleasure of an expert blowjob from a well-trained throat, something that Harry would forever enjoy and relish, no matter how many times he was given one. Whether it was Luna, Fleur or indeed now Cedric, it was always a true joy and a delectable indulgence of pure orgasmic heaven. Still under the assumption that it was in fact Myrtle sucking his cock, he moaned deeply as Cedric's throat slipped up and down his cock, working back and forth with a distinct eagerness. Not noticing Cedric's lips imprinting against the base of his cock, or the very real sensations tingling along his shaft, Harry was placed in a truly sumptuous position. Myrtle was fondling his prostate whilst his cock was sandwiched inside a tight, clutching throat. Had his senses been about him, he would have realised what was happening, yet once again his horny teenage sensibilities got the best of him, and a blowjob was ultimately a blowjob, the lesson that Fleur was so passionate in teaching him. Little did he know; the pleasures of Fleur's lesson were only just beginning. Getting into the mood, Cedric began to let his hands run rampant, letting them squeezing and cradle Harry's cock, his palm stretching up and along Harry's chiselled chest. It was surprising how much it made his own cock throb, tracing and caressing those toned muscles, his cock spasming in the water below him. The idea of being forced into gay sex was something that he adored and being prodded into suckling and savouring a man's meaty cock, all for the desires and pleasures of another woman would forever make Cedric a quivering mess. Perhaps it was a way to hide his latent homosexuality. Or maybe it was just another kink to add to the many that he already possessed. Cedric never gave it much thought, instead simply letting his hands marvel and squeezing at Harry's athletic body, even going so far as to cup his taut ass cheeks, pulling them forwards and jamming his cock farther down his already packed throat. And funnily enough, that wasn't what gave Cedric away to Harry, as the black-haired boy was still completely enthralled by the pleasure, presuming it all to be Myrtle, with the very real sensations being a trick of the warm water paired with Myrtle's cold grasps. Myrtle's fingers left his ass and were replaced by an all too familiar sensation, one that took Harry a few moments to get used to. The cold chill of Myrtle's hardened cock, pushing into his ass and sliding along his insides, hitting every single nerve from every single direction and submerging his prostate inside the frozen haven that was her flesh. It was that sudden flush of pleasure that caused Harry to open his eyes and look down beneath the rapidly dispersing bubbles, only to see the eager, pleasure-ridden face of Cedric Diggory, his cheeks bulging with Harry's cock. Startled, Harry tried to move away, only to have Cedric grab Harry's ass cheeks, holding him in place and treating the Gryffindor to a haven of pleasure as his tongue and throat began to spasm and clench, undulating along his cock and loosening and tightening in ways that only Fleur could have mimicked. Moaning, Harry glanced over to Fleur, only to see her smirking as her hands worked beneath the water, slowly and tenderly jerking Krum back and forth, working her fingers along his cock as Harry was treated to his first gay blowjob. A part of Harry wanted to call her out for this, bitterly. Yet, every time his lips opened, only moans found their way out, his breath getting caught in his throat as Cedric continued to slurp hungrily at his cock, providing a delicious amount of pleasure with the subtlest of movements. Being placed in that situation, having his cock worked diligently by a man revealed that it didn't bother him nearly as much as he thought it would. It was normal if anything. A tender degree of pleasure that took some effort to get used to inside, yet was utterly enjoyable, nonetheless. Gritting his teeth, Harry simply took a depth breath and allowed himself to be swept along with this, chuckling softly as he realised that Fleur had bested him. Sighing, he let the moans replace his doubts, absolutely adoring the way that Myrtle's cock contrasted the hot tight warmth of Cedric's throat. Bobbing his head up and down, Cedric found himself hindered by the water. With Harry's outright agreement, Cedric took a bolder step forwards. Grabbing Harry's thighs, he pushed them upwards, with one firm movement, pushing Harry out of the water and setting him down on the edge of the pool. Startled, Harry's moans of pleasure came from the pushing of Myrtle's lower body throughout his, the ghost having to quickly adjust herself to hide her body, slipping beneath the tiles and angling herself back into position, starting to fuck Harry's ass once again. The bubblehead charm broke and Cedric's slurps and suckling moans came back into full force. It was one thing to see Cedric's eager lips moving along his cock, but it was another to hear it; with the sounds that Cedric was making being intensely arousing. The sheer sloppiness with which he moved, the moans and pure orgasmic delight coming from the boy's mouth, made even Harry fall in love with it. Just as Fleur had predicted, the line that Harry drew was beginning to shift. It was, however, not this that caused Fleur to believe it, but instead what happened as Harry's hands grew more confident, grew bolder. Casting her eyes over to Harry every now and again, halting her conversation with Krum that was solely designed to wheedle out information he had gathered around the final task; an ulterior motive for Fleur's attendance that evening; she saw Harry's hand gently rest on Cedric's head, actively guiding and encouraging the Hufflepuff up and down his cock, the moans increasing as Harry succumbed to it all. Having expected Harry to simply cum there and then, Cedric was surprised at his stamina, humming louder and louder around his cock as he bounced his lips along his shaft, his water-soaked balls smacking against his chin. The firm grip now growing around the back of his head made Cedric's own cock throb, the delicious idea of having a man forcibly jam his cock down his throat being enough to make Cedric giddy. Moaning at the thought, he began to soft his movements, trying to encourage Harry to take control and slide his mouth along his cock, something which Harry instinctually did as Cedric's bobbing went slower and slower. Dragging Cedric's heavenly mouth up and down his cock, he let his eyes roll closed, unable to look down for long without beginning to question himself. It wasn't that the sight of Cedric gagging on his cock wasn't wholeheartedly arousing, but it was enough to make him wonder about his own sexuality. With his eyes closed he could imagine it was Fleur, Ginny or even Hermione working along his cock and not the actual truth. Whenever he did look down, he felt a unique shiver along his cock. It wasn't one of attraction as he certainly wasn't attracted to Cedric; not in a conventional sense. It was almost… an erotic shiver. As if what was happening could be conceived as kinky. Perhaps Harry's true stance was that gay sex was a kink to him. Something naughty and perverse. Not a sexuality, but rather a personal pleasure. Just as someone would enjoy whips and chains, he liked the idea of a guy slavering over his cock. It was an interesting thought and one that both comforted him and gave him cause to begin to actively enjoy watching as Cedric gagged on his cock. It wasn't a life-changing realisation of his true sexual nature, but just another kinky endeavour that he found sublime pleasure in. He wouldn't look at having a sixty-nine in any different a way, so why should he approach this like that. It was just another kinky sexual act that made him quiver at the thought. Nothing else. Suddenly, he felt a hand running through his own hair, turning his head to the side. Surprised and startled, Harry was face to face with Fleur's cock, the shaft throbbing and pulsating in front of him. Only, it wasn't that which took him by surprise. It was Krum, standing beside her, his cock at the same height and twitching towards Harry's lips. That was a step too far in Harry's opinion, only he was once again surprised as Fleur didn't guide the man's cock towards Harry's lips, but instead, slid down onto her own knees, kneeling beside Harry and taking Krum into her mouth herself. Confused exactly by what Fleur was attempting to achieve, Harry found himself enthralled by the way Fleur moved, bobbing her head slowly along Krum's cock, her tongue curling and lavishing his shaft as she moved. Plunging her lips up and down, she worked diligently along his shaft, suckling on his cock like a good and proper little slut, the pleasure that Krum had been promised. Harry had ogled Fleur's oral abilities many a time, yet this was the first time that he had looked at her properly from a different angle. Seeing her throat bulge and expand to take each inch, her lips stretching, her chin gently being smacked by Krum's balls; it was all so engrossing. The shine that gleamed across Krum's cock, her tongue worked across his foreskin, tickling and working into each ridge and vein. It was so elegant and masterful, and in a strange twist of fate, brought a certain sense of desire to Krum's shaft. In her perverse way, she transformed the brutish blockhead's cock into a tasty treat. The moment that Harry realised exactly what he was thinking, he curtailed that line of thought. It was one thing to enjoy being blown by a guy, but it was another to suck a guy off. That was antithetical to his previous realisation that it was a kink. There was no pleasure beyond the carnal satisfaction of pleasuring another person. It felt… gayer. For want of a better term. Yet Fleur had no intention of making Harry suck Krum's cock. In fact, she was simply fulfilling her promise towards the man. Frankly, Fleur would have settled for keeping the encounter between her and the two Hogwarts boys, with Krum's inclusion only coming after she milked the boy for all the information he had. She would have happily abandoned him at that point, yet there was no conceivable way that she was going to leave the Prefect's bathroom when such a glorious sight as Harry Potter being sucked off by Cedric Diggory was on offer. The moans that came from Harry alone were worth staying. And thus, she decided that if she was to get Krum off, perhaps the Durmstrang would simply leave of his own accord and she could relish all the perverse and kinky desires she could fathom with her two submissive little boy-toys and the situation she had orchestrated. Harry was by no means submissive, but the idea of having two men completely under her control was so arousing that Fleur allowed herself to be deluded in the idea that they were both slavering for her attention and eagerly engaging with one another all upon the pretence that their delving into gay sex would ultimately earn them the privilege of her cock. In Cedric's case, that was exactly what he was thinking, yet Harry knew Fleur all too well and knew that even though Fleur would happily pretend to be aloof within sexual situations, she was just as bound to her orgasm as the rest of them. Threaten to take that orgasm away and she would become the slavering cock slut she pretended to have dominion over. Thus, Fleur offered little to no flair to her blowjob. She was in pure end mode and simply did everything that was the most pleasurable. Long, quick strokes, languished by saliva and spittle, with more tongue work than seemed possible with such an obstructed throat. Much to her surprise, she was also able to sneak her hands around behind Krum and was able to slip a digit into his tight asshole without his disagreement, something that she had thought to be against his manly persona. Perhaps the brutish Bulgarian was in fact as big a butt-slut as the rest of them. Though, Hermione knew the truth. Well… most of it. Bouncing her throat up and down Krum's cock, she actively drilled her slickened finger into his ass, hoping and praying that he would cum soon. She managed to catch glimpses of the heavenly sight that was to her side, but she wasn't able to properly ogle it with Krum's cock in her throat, despite her best efforts to angle him in such a way. To her surprise however, Harry's eyes were completely locked on her, only occasionally glancing down to Cedric when the Hufflepuff did something particularly enjoyable with his tongue. Confused, Fleur didn't bother to indulge that thought, instead simply working Krum's cock as she would anyone else's. She was frustrated with his stamina, but just like most men, he had his breaking point. His hands latched onto her head, trying to pry her away so that he didn't cum too quickly, Krum was completely at Fleur's mercy. Fastened to his cock, there was no way to stop Fleur from making him cum and cum quickly. His cock spasmed in her throat, pulsing and spurting several thick and pent-up strands of cum from inside his balls, flooding down her gullet and barely gracing her mouth and tongue. Milking him dry, she waited for his cock to begin to soften, reaffirming that she had achieved her goal before popping her lips from his cock, smacking them and gently patting Krum on the thighs and sending him on his way, all before turning her attention back to the glorious sight before her. Harry Potter finally overcoming the stigma and sampling the delights of same-sex fucking. It became swiftly obvious that Fleur was enjoying this the most, with her cock quivering at the mere sight of it all. Her hand slipped up and down her shaft, jerking herself consistently, moaning constantly as she pleasured herself at the sight. It did however lead to her desperately requiring more pleasure. Watching became so… unpleasurable, and she needed to be more ingrained in it all. She needed her thick, juicy length lodged inside someone's tight, clutching arse. As to whose, she wasn't certain. Taking Cedric's rear for a ride would lead to the intensely beautiful sight of Harry being thrust down his throat, the two of them fucking from either end. Yet, Fleur, ever the opportunist knew that there was a possibility for a lot more. If she bent Harry over, submerging his body in the divine pleasure of being impaled on her cock, then perhaps, perhaps she could coax him into letting his lips fall apart, into allowing Cedric into his mouth. Such a tantalising image was unbearable in terms of possibilities and Fleur quickly decided, rising to her feet and offering Harry her hand. Intrigued, he took it, sliding onto his feet and letting his cock slip out of Cedric's mouth, the boy chasing it, disappointed as it moved out of reach. He watched from the edge of the water as Fleur dropped to her knees, bringing Harry with her. She needed only to turn him around for Harry to get the idea, the boy bending over willingly. He had neither a preference for being top nor bottom, so he took to being bent over by Fleur better than any guy that Fleur had ever been with. Bracing on all fours, he endured Fleur usual slapping of her cock between his ass cheeks, followed by the complimentary couple thrusts, all before she angled the head of her cock towards his asshole, his ass having been loosened already by her fingers as Myrtle's constant pressure to his prostate. The head of Fleur's cock slipped inside of Harry with ease, his well-trained arse taking as if he was born to. Moaning deeply, Harry instinctually pushed back onto her thrust, easing more of her cock inside of him with greater ease. The two of them fit together with such precision and little bother that they found themselves connected, ass to crotch, in a matter of seconds. Moaning together, they glanced into each other's eyes, sharing a brief look before Fleur took a firm hold of Harry's hips and began to bounce her cock in and out of him, easing deep inside his ass without so much as a second wasted. Building a firm and steady rhythm, Fleur was almost immediately captivated by the sensations of his tight rear, the sheer haven of pleasure that was his ass never failing to surprise Fleur. She was used to Apolline and Gabrielle's asses, which, whilst tight, could never capture the sensation of someone like Harry and Hermione. Her family members were tight despite being fucked rigorously, yet Harry was tight because of inexperience. At least compared to the Delacours. Moaning, she almost let her eyes roll closed, but quickly rectified that mistake, forcing them open so that she could see what Cedric would do. Pushing up and out of the water, his equally chiselled body to that of Harry's glimmered and shone in the water, even Fleur moaning at the way the water dripped along his form. The same thing happened as Harry left the water's embrace, his athletic body gleaming as it did when it was covered in oil. However, her appreciation was quickly curbed by disappointment. Instead of sheathing his cock into Harry's throat, Cedric instead chased his own desires. He had unfinished business with Harry's juicy shaft and wanted nothing more than to finish suckling on his majestic length. Sliding beneath him, he had Harry's cock slipped back into his throat within a matter of seconds, bouncing his mouth along his heavenly shaft as Fleur fucked his ass, creating a sandwich of pure orgasmic pleasure. Disappointed that her fantasy was not fulfilled, Fleur groaned, quickly and easily finding comfort in the fact that she was getting fuck Harry's ass rather firmly, quickly building up a rather swift and powerful rhythm, pounding away into the boy's clutching rear, always infatuated with how easily Harry took cock. She had seen Harry properly have his ass stuffed to the brim, yet simply being balls deep in him without so much as a wince of pain was always a true treat. She almost let her eyes roll closed so that she could simply savour the pleasure, but was glad that she did not succumb, as there was plenty pleasure to see before her. Much to her surprise, Harry's mouth did in fact get stuffed, but not by Cedric. Instead, it was Krum who jammed his cock down the boy's throat, desperately seeking a means to get his own second bout of relief. With no other holes easily on offer, he took Harry's, presuming that his rather open disposition towards Cedric sucking him off was a green flag to him commandeering his mouth. If he was willing to be sucked off, why wouldn't he be willing to suck a guy off. Krum of course assumed wrong but didn't learn this. Instead, the pleasure of having his ass stuffed with thick, juicy cock, paired with the pleasure of Cedric's lips around his cock and the frankly perverse sight of Moaning Myrtle jerking her cock of in the distance, Harry finally broke; finally succumbed to the idea of sucking a guy's cock. And having Krum simply thrust his shaft into Harry's mouth, burying it deep in his throat, right up to the base, Harry made the sudden and frankly swift realisation; it felt exactly the same to sucking a girl's cock. That combined with the pleasure turned Harry and instead of fighting it, he tightened his lips around the cock in his mouth and let his eyes roll closed. Out personal preference, he didn't exactly want to watch Krum thrusting into his mouth. Despite girl's seemingly universally loving him, Harry didn't see the appeal and thought that having to look at Krum whilst he throat-fucked him was a sickening prospect; though not for the reasons that he would have thought a couple hours ago. Instead, he simply allowed his throat to be filled with a cock and focussed on enjoying the pleasures of being fucked from behind and being blown from beneath. A truly beautiful pairing that would seek to make him cum rather swiftly. That and the inherent pleasure he found in sucking cock; be it a woman's, or now, a man's. Though he didn't exactly expect to make the latter a frequent event. Fleur had to actively avoid cumming there and then as she ground to an immediate halt, her cock-head spewing copious amounts of pre-cum deep into Harry's ass as she watched him sink to new levels of perversion. Fondling his ass, Fleur watched as Harry took Krum right up to the base, the Bulgarian's heavy balls smacking against his chin. Slowly, Krum began to draw his hips back and forth, sharply and roughly beginning to fuck Harry's tight little throat, pounding away at the boy who lived's throat with eager intent. Fleur, enveloped in a haze of erotic satisfaction, drew her own hips back, attempting to match Krum's thrusts, fucking away at Harry's ass, the two of them double-teaming Harry from either end, hammering into each of his holes, much to everyone's delight. Even Cedric felt the bliss of what was happening as Harry's cock bounced around inside his gullet, pre-cum pouring down his throat as Harry's cock began to twitch towards a thick and creamy orgasm. Fleur's diligent and frankly powerful fucking was proving to be the be all and end all for Harry, with his cock on the verge of cumming hard. He held off as much as he could, not wanting to succumb to the blissful heaven, not as he was captured in such a delicious haven of satisfaction. Having his ass and throat full was a carnal bliss, one that was as pleasurable as it was perverse, yet he knew that as soon as he came, he would set everyone else off, with Fleur pumping him full of cum as he drank down Krum's offering as well. The thought of doing so was a little weird, but the pleasure quickly clouded his judgement, his cock seizing as he came close to the end. Cedric found only the satisfaction of sucking Harry's cock, with his cock and ass remaining untouched for the most part. Only fleeting grazes fluttered across his body, yet his cock twitched and spasmed in the most sumptuous of ways. He felt as if all he would need was someone to simply stroke his shaft a single time for him to simply explode into orgasm. However, his orgasm wasn't his primary concern; it was Harry's. Fleur and Krum were working steadily away, the two of them building a slick and powerful rhythm, pounding into Harry at each end and applying so much force that he felt he was about to bend in two. Saliva dribbling down Harry's chin and onto Cedric's cock, Harry's prostate was submerged and squashed by Fleur's cock, the button pouring out pleasure into his body, simmering through him, about to culminate. Fleur was ready to cum at the sheer suggestion of Harry sucking cock yet being privy to the sight beyond satisfactory. Like Harry, she didn't want to cum just yet, not wanting to be the one to relinquish her load and leave the salacious congregation of flesh. Krum, not caring about when and how he came, simply worked for his own orgasm, though his eyes were latched solely on Harry's ass and Harry's ass alone. Or rather, at Fleur's cock as it worked into Harry's ass. The sight of someone taking such a large and juicy cock with relative ease piqued Krum's interest. Not out of arousal, but rather out of opportunity. His brain began to tick through varying situations, yet he ultimately pushed them aside as he came to his end, holding Harry's lips tightly against his crotch and pumping mouthful after mouthful of slick and slippery cum deep into Harry's clutching, waiting throat. Krum was the one that set everyone else off, with Harry finally letting Cedric's throat become the vessel that would hold his cum. Moaning into Krum's softening cock, cum dribbling down his chin, Harry allowed his cum to pour down and into the boy's throat, Harry offering a sizable load that had built throughout his forays into gay bliss. Fleur, feeling Harry's ass clenching and spasming, knew exactly what that meant and simply let herself loose, slamming forwards and moaning in her usual sultry way, draining her heavy balls into Harry's clutching, waiting ass, painting his insides with copious amounts of cum, the substance drizzling out of his ass even as her cock remained hard. All three of them let themselves empty, working their cocks back and forth to make sure the last few drops were worked out before finally pulling out, Harry gasping for air as he flopped against the floor, laying in a pile of spittle and cum. Krum was quick to simply abandon them, moving to the showers to wash himself down before moving to leave. Cedric moved a little away, jerking his own cock as he watched Fleur loom over Harry, her thick cock bouncing back and forth, barely shrinking in size as it softened. Biting his lip and he imagined suckling on that heavenly shaft, Cedric almost came, wanting to hold off on the hopes that he would be able to guzzle down her length. However, she was quite spent and wanted nothing more than to head back to her own bed. Though, in true Delacour fashion, she wasn't averse to going to bed alone. Yet her prospects on that front were most certainly focussed on Harry. End Of Gay Content (Harry now open to gay sex) "Come on 'arry… Let's get cleaned up…" Fleur smirked, helping him to his feet, smiling as he wiped cum from his chin. He looked into her eyes and immediately hated the looked she was giving him. It was as if she had been validated, her thoughts and opinions proved right. She had a certain smugness about her that he distinctly hated. "Don't even say a word," Harry growled pre-emptively, unable to a smile from his own face as the two of them laughed and made their way towards the shower, Fleur offering him a firm and audible smack to his arse, his cheeks jiggling as cum dripped down from his ass cheeks. Washing down, the two of them made their way back towards the changing rooms, towelling off and beginning to change. It was only when Harry sat, waiting for Fleur to pull on her intricate silk and satin clothing that she suddenly started. "Shit… Cedric didn't get a chance to cum… Zat's a little 'arsh, no?" Fleur cursed, turning to Harry who glanced around the corner, pulling his eyes briefly away from the changing Fleur, only to have a smile stretch across his face. Whilst Cedric didn't get a chance to cum, he certainly wasn't alone in that fact. As it turned out, he and the other person in need of relief found a quiet bond. Not so quiet in her part. Cedric was bent over on the edge of the swimming pool, learning the pleasure of ghostly sex as Myrtle hammered into his ass, pounding away diligently as Cedric's cock spilled cum down onto the floor beneath him. "I think he'll live. You ready? Or are there fifteen more clasps on your thong to tighten?" Harry chastised as Fleur finally finished, pulling her clothing on and sliding out of the small cubicle. Despite her supposed change to a less slutty lifestyle -something that was progressively working on- she was beholden to her previous wardrobe. Short skirts and skimpy thongs. Even Fleur found them to be a little much at this point. Together, the two of them made their way out of the Prefect's bathroom. "Are you coming back to ze Carriage? Ma mere was wondering when you would be back. She absolutely loves you and 'ermione. She wouldn't stop about wanting you and 'er to come back for a proper dinner," Fleur asked as the two made their way out of the bathroom, only to be stopped by someone on the way out. "Harry!" a voice called out from behind him. Turning around, Harry was met with the chiselled cheekbones of Cedric Diggory, his cheeks flustered. He had a hand clasped over his crotch as he leant out of the door, eventually letting out groan. Myrtle peered around the corner and casually waved at Harry before returning to her obvious fucking of Cedric's arse. "Erm… not tonight Fleur. But I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast? Great Hall?" Harry smiled, Fleur smirking before waving goodbye. Dancing down the steps, both Harry and Cedric watched her short skirt flutter and bounce flashing her plump ass as she went. As she disappeared out of view, Harry turned towards Cedric expectantly. "So… Erm… I wanted to ask…Would you be willing to join me? At some point in future? For something like this again?" Cedric asked as Myrtle let out moans of delight, silently wishing that Harry would stagger back into the bathroom to join her and Cedric in the most exuberant night of delightful love-making. "Just the two of us… Erm, I don't want you to get the wrong impression," Harry stuttered in response as Cedric shook his head, chuckling slightly as his cock spilled pre-cum into his hand. Harry glanced up and down the corridor, conscious that they might be spotted. "Not… Not just me. You see… Cho's been getting increasingly… adventurous. She wants to have a threesome. Well, she's already had a threesome, but she wants a threesome with another guy. For whatever reason she mentioned you. I don't know why, but I always thought it'd be weird to ask you out of nowhere. But after tonight… Well, just think about it. I should probably… Get back… Oh, fuck," Cedric groaned as Harry watched him duck back into the bathroom, squeals and moans echoing from the room as the door swung shut. Taken aback by the whole conversation, Harry couldn't help but smirk. Cho had mentioned him… Blushing slightly, he wondered if his wayward fantasising about the Asian beauty hadn't been without possibility. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that! Let me know what you thought in a review. There is a part of me that really wants to get 1000 reviews before the story entirely ends, so be a part of validating my self-worth and crippling self-esteem issues… Also, feedback on the gay stuff will be helpful. I will be getting kinkier as things progress and gay content was the first step in that process. The Bellatrix chapter was very much a testing the waters kind of thing. The way I see, there is no point not including weird, kinky sex stuff. That's what people are here for. Shemales aren't exactly vanilla. And the structure of this story means that if you don't like the weird sex stuff in one chapter, the next one will be completely different kinky sex stuff. Everyone wins! Hopefully, I'll have another chapter ready for next week. I'm starting back up work, so might be two weeks. However, that chapter will be a rather saucy reveal. The Vault finally gets opened and we find out what's inside… P.S. Those hoping for some climactic reveal… er… maybe don't… It's just more weird sex stuff…
Author's Note: Hey guys! It has been a while, but I have been very busy. Got Uni, work and a lot of other stuff. Means I haven't had much time to write for this story. Hoping to change that in the coming weeks, however, plans change, and stuff happens. Enough waffling however, onto other matters. I now have a blog. Seeing as Tumblr has purged a lot of my celebrity stories, I decided that I would take it into my own hands to post my stories. So, I started a blogspot blog on which I have all the stories that were on Tumblr, alongside the associated fakes that were posted alongside them. I would post the url, but this website deletes any form of url and link, even the one to their own site. So, search for my penname followed . There are also some new stories on there. Brand new. Onto this chapter. We finally see what is behind the grand vault door and exactly what Luna, Ginny and Hermione do to get past it. And of course, it involves a great deal of sex and delectable smut. Enjoy and let me know what you think about the story. Chapter 44: The Vault "The ritual of Aphrodomina…" Hermione muttered to herself, completely engrossed in the book; a rare and rather difficult book to come by. It was tucked away in the very back of the restricted section, wrapped in several pieces of perfumed fabric; the perfume seemingly some enchantment, as within the silk was a very old and aged book, one that bore the weariness of time far more than the fabric surrounding it. Designed perhaps to keep it safe, Hermione thought, treating the tome with religious precision, her hands peeling the pieces of paper apart delicately. It was a diary from a student by the name of 'Alyssa Moors', one of the students that attended Hogwarts during when Aphrodomina was Headmistress, seemingly long after she had established herself amongst the student-base as a lingering deviant with her hidden sex dungeons and corridors; one of which Hermione and her friends were explicitly well aware off. "What?" Ginny asked, looking up from her own scrap of parchment, upon which she was feverishly writing. Having been distracted the past few days, she had allowed her homework to pile up. Forcing herself to abstain from fucking anyone until she wrote up her potion's assignment, she hunched over it diligently, fighting the tightness growing between her thighs. "You know the big metal door in the corridor. I think I might know how to open it. It's a part of some… selection process. According to this, 'students wishing to be selected as a daughter of pleasure by the headmistress, must place themselves at the door to her pleasure dungeon alongside three other candidates of varying houses. Once tested, them may partake in the ritual to please her mistress and learn the ways of pleasure. This I did.' Outside that door there are magically enchanted cocks. Big brutish things. They act as a sort of… trial. We have to fulfil the trial," Hermione explained, looking towards Ginny and watching the redhead wince at the mere thought of sex, the girl straightening her legs to try and comfort her cock. However, instead of looking impressed, Ginny looked confused, wondering why they needed to do this in the first place, "We want to get rid of the ring, right?" "We do?" Ginny said, not thinking her words through. They had already agreed upon this, despite her desires to do otherwise. It was inherently right and yet the pleasure promised was so indulgent, so alluring that she couldn't possibly think of letting it go. Especially at this point, her cock hard and throbbing. Of all the times to have this conversation, this seemed liked the most unhelpful. "Yes. We do," Hermione reiterated sternly, before turning back to the book, "Me, you and Luna will go and unlock this vault, leave the ring inside. That way, we won't be able to get It back unless all three of us decide so. It will be completely safe and out of our hands. And we can continue on with our lives without it. And, Pansy won't be able to get It. That should be reason enough." "Me, you and Luna? You just said we need someone from each house. That only covers two of them. There ain't a hope in hell we are going to be able to convince a Slytherin to help us; and to my knowledge, the Hufflepuff's we know are all prudes," Ginny argued, tapping her quill against the parchment, unable to find her words as her cock throbbed. Why the hell did she promise herself that? "I've got an idea about that. It shouldn't be that difficult to trick it. These are old enchantments. I doubt they are that sharp these days. The point is, we're doing this. I think tomorrow will be a good night," Hermione stated with a smirk, clasping the book shut and rising to her feet to go off to bed. "Hermione?" Ginny breathed, reaching a hand to the brunette's wrist and grabbing it. Looking into Hermione's eyes with a deep intensity, she let the parchment and quill fall from her hand, "You have to help me, please… I can't do this." "I told you. I have my own essays to write. Besides. You're on the conclusion already, what would be the point," Hermione said, looking down at Ginny's hastily scrawled essay. Despite its rough edges, it was bound to get somewhat of a passable grade. Ginny might not put as much effort into academia than her other… pursuits, but she wasn't nearly as atrocious as Ron. "No, not the fucking essay. Rather, just the fucking part. Please, I can't write another word. I swear my panties are more pre-cum than they are cotton," Ginny pleaded, eliciting a smirk on Hermione's face as the brunette looked down at her bulging jeans. She didn't need to say another word, only check if the common room was empty. Not that that had stopped people before. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "I've seen those enchanted dildos. They aren't to be trifled with," Ginny commented as she and Luna slipped into the corridor, following along its path towards the back, seeing the looming iron bars separating them from the heavy vault door. "Enchanted dildos? What a peculiar idea… Do you think we could make our own ones? I've heard stories of floating penises in the jungles of Cambodia. Big fleshy things that hover around, impaling people's bums… Are they similar to that?" Luna asked as they drew to a halt by the last pair of rooms, turning to look into the left room, their eyes widening with admiration. Hermione was already there and already naked, a sight that Luna and Ginny both readily enjoyed. Seeing her more open with her nudity was quite a remarkable and enjoyable thing. Not to mention Hermione's cock stood hard and ready as she moved back and forth preparing for their assault on the vault. "I suppose you have a plan?" Ginny asked, ignoring Luna's previous mention of sentient cocks and entering the small room, watching as Hermione plucked from her bag two vials of thick and repulsive liquid, one with a yellow label and another with an emerald green one. "Yes. I borrowed some potion stuff from your twin brother and with the help of a few unwitting participants, have drafted up some Polyjuice potion. I'm sure Hannah Abbot and Astoria Greengrass won't mind lending us their faces… Well… Rather their arses. They were the only two I could get my hands on, so they'll have to do," Hermione explained, dropping her bag to the ground and looking at Luna and Ginny expectantly, "Well, get naked. Believe me, those cocks will tear your clothes to complete shreds." "Astoria Greengrass? She's a bit young? Well, that's not my point. Rather, if you're going to choose someone to take a massive cock, maybe don't pick the young girl who is liable to not have had a cock up her arse before. Why not snag some of Pansy's hair. She'd take all four at once," Ginny chuckled, pulling her clothing off, simply stripping without a thought or care, dropping her clothes to ground alongside Luna's and Hermione's. "I wouldn't be so certain about that. I think Astoria has more in common with Gabrielle than she does with a prude. From what I hear, she and her sister are just as close as the Delacours, if not closer… Besides, she'll have to do," Hermione sighed as Luna and Ginny dropped their panties and stood naked alongside her. Grabbing the vials of potion, she moved towards the vault, stopping just shy of the iron bars, making careful efforts not the trip the trial before it was time, "Gin, one of us will have to do the Gryffindor one. Why don't you do that, and I'll take Hufflepuff? Luna, you'll do Ravenclaw, and whoever finishes first or feels up to it takes Slytherin? Sound good?" "I mean… As good as anything sounds about now…Ah!" Ginny started suddenly, taking a step forwards and clinging to the iron bars for support. Turning to her side, Hermione saw what had prompted such a reaction. Luna had dropped to her knees behind the redhead and spread her sumptuous ass cheeks, plunging her tongue between them and carving it into Ginny's asshole. Confused, Ginny didn't dare stop her, instead pushing her ass out further, allowing the blonde to dip her tongue into her gaping hole, darting back and forth, stretching her hole as much as she could whilst lathering layers of saliva across the Gryffindor's ass. Moans flooded from Ginny, who with one hand reached behind herself and pinned Luna's face firmly in place, her cock beginning to leak pre-cum down her thighs and onto the floor. Luna could see Hermione's eyes burning into her with confusion, and with a muffled voice and her tongue lodged inside of Ginny, the blonde attempted to put Hermione's concerns at ease. "Ithhs… wubwicunt…" Luna murmured, muffled. Smirking, Hermione understood, and couldn't help but drop a hand to her cock and gently run it back and forth, watching Luna's diligent and delicious tongue dive and dart within the supple haven of Ginny's ass. It was smart thinking. Of all the things she wished were different about her previous encounter with the marble cocks, it was lubricant. Wanting In on the delectable ministrations of Luna's tongue, Hermione decided that was best done with her transformation completed. She didn't want any delightful work from Luna's tongue to be lost in translation. Uncorking the yellow labelled bottle, she poured it into her mouth, wanting to throw up from both the taste and the innate memories from what happened last time. Instead, she choked it down, swallowing as she had been taught to do throughout the year. The change was almost instantaneous, but took a while to complete itself, changing her from the plump and surprisingly voluptuous Hermione Granger, into the softer featured and distinctly flatter Hannah Abbot. That wasn't to say either physique was better. Each had their pros. Hannah had a thinner frame, and thus her breasts were petite and pert, curving outwards, but with little sag. Her ass cheeks had a jiggle to them, but hardly bounced with each stride like Hermione's did. Her blonde hair flowed down her back, long and delicate, with identical tinged tufts of untamed hair standing above the Hufflepuff's cock. Their cocks were where the real differences were. Hermione was long and meaty, whilst Hannah was a lot shorter. That wasn't saying much given Hermione's extraordinary size. Hannah was a far more average and palatable seven inches, a size that suited her thinner body and suited her particular tastes. Whilst none of them could speak to Hannah's sexual appetites, she was a more versatile lover, preferring to bounce from bottom to top at a whim, a whim that her cock allowed for with great efficiency and ease. However, Hermione was only somewhat concerned with her new body, and not at all concerned with the size of her new cock; only as far as curiosity could speak. Her concerns were with her new arsehole. Reaching behind herself, she pressed a few fingers against her ass, sighing with relief as her ass gave away instantly, almost hungrily. Shaking herself in order to adjust to the new dimensions, she turned towards Luna and pried her away from Ginny's ass, forcing a begrudged groan of annoyance from Ginny's lips as she turned elsewhere for pleasure. Realising the practical intent of Luna's devouring of her asshole, Ginny opted to return the favour, sliding down behind the dreamy blonde and spreading those heavenly and pert cheeks apart, moaning as she saw Luna's ass, winking at her, delightfully tight and yet so loose to the touch. Were she not any wiser, she would have thought Luna to be an anal virgin. There was nothing farther from the truth than that. Leaning in, she drew the flat of her tongue across her entrance and watched as Luna's hole unfurled like a flower, the slightest touch serving to reveal how much of an anal slut the blonde was. That simply graze would forever remain in Ginny's mind as one of the most arousing things she was every privy to. Driven by that desire and arousal, she made her tongue as rigid as possible and plunged it sharply against her hole, diving deep within and carving her tongue through the delectable hole of her best-friend. Luna, freed from the confines of Ginny's ass for but a moment, gasping for air as her a hand threaded its way through her hair and guided her head towards a brand-new asshole. Before she could glance up and reaffirm the face above her, her lips were pressed between the soft cheeks of Hannah Abbot, her tongue thrust firmly against the girl's asshole and coerced into doing as she had been doing for Ginny, but to Hermione in her new form. Moaning softly, Hermione kept a hand on Luna's head as her tongue worked steadily in place, pulling away the tightness that yet lingered in Hannah's ass and completely dissolving any constricted nature of her entrance, replacing it with loose willingness. Guiding Luna's tongue around inside her, Hermione was both conscious of maintaining a degree of control as her arse was devoured and conscious of the fact that she was vicariously exploring the tight depths of Hannah's through her own guiding of Luna. Slowly, she began to grow accustomed to her new body, to her new form, letting her shoulders sink down and her body relax. It was a strange sensation nevertheless, but Hermione slowly succumbed to the strangeness and welcomed it for all the pleasure it could provide. And boy could it provide pleasure. Hermione knew the exact delicious sensations that could be driven from her own asshole. She knew what delightful twinges of pleasure would flood her body were someone to lick a specific place. Over the entire year she had explored and understood her body and every sexual facet it could possibly hold, and thus, whilst she was constantly satisfied by the diving of tongues within her asshole, she was never completely surprised by the pleasure she had felt so many times before. But with a new body to explore for the next hour, she almost didn't want to step beyond the iron bars and open the vault. No, she wanted to lay there, allowing Luna and Ginny to use Hannah in any way imaginable, just so that she could feel and savour the freshness of new sensations; new bliss. Muffled moans from between Luna's lips began to vibrate through Hermione-Hannah's; ass, the sensation shuddering through her prostate and milking pre-cum from her sturdy cock. The newness of the pleasure quickly claimed her and she abandoned guiding Luna's tongue, instead trusting the delectable blonde to be able to bring her to orgasm on her own merits, something she had done countless times before. Instead, Hermione clung to the heavy iron bars, holding herself in place, steadying her stance and hoping that she could remain solid and in place. The moans from Luna were driven almost entirely from Ginny's tongue, which in turn was sliding in and out of the blonde's ass, gently tongue fucking her and making sure that she lathered ample saliva across her entrance in preparation for what was to come next. Ginny's cock instinctually spilled pre-cum from her tip, her body reacting to the salacious Rimjob she was providing, her cock not yet aware of the purpose behind her licking. It was rare that Ginny's licking of someone's ass was not followed by the rigid and powerful fucking of said ass by her cock, yet this situation existed nonetheless. Moaning at the prospect, however, of watching Luna and the rather beautiful Hannah Abbot getting absolutely hammered into by a massive marble cock was enough to make her oral work worthwhile. The train of pleasure that the trio had constructed continued for several minutes, with Ginny's tongue driving immense pleasure into Luna's ass and Luna's tongue then pushing that pleasure forwards and into Hermione-Hannah's ass, resulting in audacious and sultry moans flooding from between her plump lips. Focussing on remaining standing up, Hermione-Hannah didn't give a second thought as she leant her head forwards. Perhaps the new height of her body gave her a different impression of her dimensions, but that didn't change the fact that her head was dipping slowly forwards, right up until it passed the threshold that the iron bars represented, her lips passing through into the place of the so-called trial. Consumed by lust and pleasure, with her ears filled with the sounds of her moans and not of the shifting stone in front of her, Hermione-Hannah became completely enthralled in her own situation resulting in a premature activation of the task at hand. The slabs corresponding the Hufflepuff pulled themselves aside, revealing the thick marble cock within. Slowly, it rose upwards, hovering in place for a moment, thick and gargantuan in size; fifteen inches and hued in the familiar yellow of Hufflepuff House. It seemingly glanced back and forth, almost as if it was unsure what to do. Sliding forwards, it bobbed in front of Hermione's face, seemingly searching for the young girl's asshole, the hole that it was enchanted to find and fuck yet being unable to search beyond the perimeter of the iron bars. Confused and uncertain, he watched as Hermione-Hannah's lips parted revealing an entrance; an entrance that could be fucked. That was all that the cock needed. Pushing forwards, the head of the cock jammed itself sharply against Hermione-Hannah's lips, pushing forwards with a great deal of intensity and force. Had Hermione not had a year's worth of practice and subsequent instinctual training, she would have likely clamped her teeth down and had the cock plunge through them. Luckily, he habitual reaction was to stretch her lips wider, unwittingly allowing access to her throat and revealing Hannah's true sexual weakness; she hated giving blowjobs. She absolutely despised them. All that needed to happen was for a cock to press into her mouth for her untrained lips to start to twitch and the back of her throat begin to spasm and clamp down. The habits of the body she was wearing fought with her own habits, yet it mattered little to the heavy marble cock that was pushing into her throat. It didn't care if the throat was well-trained or not. It was going to be balls deep inside of it regardless of how loosened it was. Hermione's eyes flew open as she felt it, her mind panicked as the tip encroached on her constricted throat. Unsure as to what she should do, she panicked, forgetting to swallow the saliva building in her mouth. Luckily, it was for the best as the saliva coated the cock, allowing it to push forwards swiftly and with ease. She didn't even have the chance to afford it access to her throat before it forcibly took it, plunging deeper into Hannah's throat than any cock had ever reached. Hermione had forgotten the pressure and power these cocks had. She had to push forwards with her lips simply to stop the pressure from snapping her neck backwards. The muffled grunts of strain that replaced her moans of delight finally captured Ginny and Luna's attention, the two of them pulling their mouths away from the ass in front of them and rising to their feet, remembering why they were there in the first place. Turning to each other, they nodded dutifully. Each of them could see just how big the cocks they were dealing with were and thus nerves began to bubble within. Even when they experimented with the ring and engorged cock it provided, they were never able to take it with ease. Regardless, they knew their purpose. Leaving Hermione battling the yellow cock, they each bravely stepped past the bars and watched as the respective cocks rose up from the ground, rearing their bulbous heads and threatening them with a deep impalement. Luna was once again proactive, immediately laying flat on the ground in a relatively comfortable position. She saw the power behind the cock with Hermione-Hannah and planned ahead. Ginny was not so lucky. The blue cock sped past the redhead at blistering speed, turning and landing between Luna's taut cheeks. It drew between the cleft of her ass as it slid into position, drawing backwards until the head of the cock was against her asshole. Clenching her fists, she prepared herself. As it began to push inwards, she realised the strength behind it. Flattening her hands, she pushed herself backwards, not hoping to impale herself deeper, but rather to stop herself sliding forwards from the power of the cock inside her. Grunting, she felt her asshole give in, the head of the cock causing her asshole to fold around the tip, fitting itself snugly to her constricted rear. It didn't stop where most people would stop and simply continued pushing, constantly and unwaveringly. As soon as it had entered, it wasn't going to leave until it had done its job. Ginny wasn't so lucky in finding a comfortable position. Instead, the Gryffindor cock leered at her, lunging forwards and slipping between her legs. Before she could react, it had pushed up and against her asshole, thrusting upwards and pushing into her, begging access. The pressure was overwhelming, and Ginny let out a squeal as she felt herself get forced up onto her tiptoes, the weight of her body acting as a counterweight. Suddenly, it slipped inside her, several inches thrusting up and into her asshole, lifting her from the ground and into the air. Squealing, Ginny felt herself topple to the ground. Crashing to the ground, Ginny grunted loudly. Unable to adjust herself in time, she felt herself getting pushed backwards along the ground, the cock being able to slide her over the stones until she hit against something that could act as a counterbalance. That counterbalance happened to the wall, her shoulders hitting them sharply and suddenly. Groaning in pain, she felt the cock continuing to slide inside of her. Because of the angle at which she had been thrust into, the cock pushed her onto her shoulders, her ass getting lifted up into the air, her cock spilling pre-cum onto her breasts. Her body was almost folded over, with the cock thrusting down into her ass, thrusting down into her with each steady push. The cock had sunk itself about half way inside of her by this time and she was unable to move from her position, her body being fucked into itself. It was a rather uncomfortable position, but it served to as deep into Ginny's arse as possible, which in turn was somewhat helpful. It meant there was deeper access to her ass, meaning the cock wasn't overstretching her or pushing to far. Her ass actually managed to accommodate the length even if meant getting fucked in such a position. Both Luna and Ginny braced themselves for the remainder of the cocks. Having activated them at the same time, they were working roughly in tandem with each other. Inch by inch, their assholes gave away, allowing more and more of the thick marble cocks inside of them. Grunting and groaning as they gritted their teeth, the two of them let out distinct moans as the cocks rolled past their prostates, squashing them firmly in place and beginning to milk pleasure from them. Luna's cock dripped pre-cum beneath her, whilst Ginny had her breasts splattered with the substance. A minute later, the two of them breathed momentary sighs of relief as the pressure being applied to their asses was relented. Glancing behind herself, Luna saw the entire cock lodged inside of herself, her ass cheeks being unsettled and pried apart. Breathing softly, she then let out a loud orgasmic moan as the cock drew itself back, launching into its thrusts. It didn't take long for Luna's lips to part in moans, yet it took even less for her moans to be stolen away from herself entirely as the cock reached its proper speed and power, hammering into her hole, pounding away, harder and harder, slamming into her and forcing her harder and harder against the floor. The sheer impact of the cock slowly began to push her forwards and across the floor, the thrusts causing her body to shudder and shake, the vibrations being felt jiggling through her breasts, even as they were pinned against the ground. Her nipples were rock hard, carving into the floor beneath her as a thin glimmer of sweat began to grow across her skin, giving her a heavenly glow. The pleasure was immense. Luna had been trained on the biggest cocks, yet this one was beyond her usual remit and thus her body was contorted in equal amounts pain and pleasure. Ginny's eyes widened as she watched Luna's ass get pummelled by the dark blue cock, realising just how powerful the cocks could be at full speed. Glancing at her own ass, stretched over that final inch of the red cock, she realised what was about to happen. Wanting to change position desperately, Ginny waited for the cock to draw backwards, gently rising into that first thrust of force. As the tip came to very entrance of her ass, she quickly rolled onto her front, kneeling on all fours and facing the wall. Before she could move another inch, the cock slammed back inside her, pushing her up against the wall, her face squashed against the stone as she clung to it for support. Groaning, she pulled her cheek away from the stone only to have it pushed firmly back in place as the cock started to slide back and forth, jack-hammering into her asshole, slowly pressing her harder and harder against the wall. Bit by bit, she was forced closer to the wall, with each thrust of the dildo not only sandwiching her prostate nicely, but sliding her knees forwards, her cheek moving up the wall as she was forced into a more upright position. Moaning as she adjusted to it, it got to the point where she could breathe a little, with her ass adjusting and her body starting to take to the pleasure, if not the sheer power of behind each push. Hermione-Hannah gulped as she watched Luna and Ginny getting fucked by the cocks. Her throat had long since given out, with the cock -now gleaming with saliva- slipping in and out of her gullet, her throat visibly bulging to accommodate. Her lips were stretched, and her chin, breasts and belly were all gleaming with saliva; not to mention the cock was dripping with the substance. There was no better time than now to allow access to her tight little asshole. Pulling her head backwards, she let the cock slide out of her throat, the dildo hovering for a few seconds, aimless as it had no hole to fuck. Much like Luna, Hermione was conscious of the position she would be in. Stepping past the bars, she cemented herself on all fours, the position being more preferable to the last time that she had been here, in which she was suspended in the air, impaled on a cock and pounded rigorously. It made an impact to say the least. On all fours, she glanced behind herself and watched the dildo home in on her ass as if it was a missile. Unlike with Luna and Ginny, the cock was under the assumption that it had been fucking someone's ass beforehand and that the change from Hermione-Hannah's throat to ass was not a change in hole completely, but merely a moment in which her asshole had managed to slip away. And thus, it afforded Hermione no slow and steady initial intrusion and simply found her arse and impaled her suddenly and sharply; a rather unfortunate thing given how Hannah hadn't been fucked by anyone of such extraordinary size. Nothing but a meek welp escaped Hermione's lips as the cock plunge ten inches inside of her, a meagre moan trying to escape her lips as her newfound prostate was crushed to a pulp -an incredible pleasurable thing to say the least-. The wet slap of her ass being impaled was rather delicious however, with the saliva on both the cock and her ass providing the basis for an immensely slick entrance. Gritting her teeth, she remained stalwart, allowing the next few inches inside of herself and feeling the cock draw backwards. Luckily, any shred of pain quickly abandoned her body as the cock drew backwards, with Hannah's ass adjusting immediately -a rare talent, one that made Hermione's mind sing with ideas- and allowing the cock ready and pleasurable access. All three of them found themselves moaning uncontrollably, their bodies being fucked harder and harder. Both Hermione and Luna were steady in their positions, waiting out each thrust, allowing their asses to be pounded again and again, waiting on their orgasms to spill out and onto the ground, relieving them of the cocks in their asses. Luna was quick to cum, her cock spurting several copious loads out and onto the ground beneath her, the cum smearing against her stomach as the cock continued to pound into her rigorously. Slowly, the last drizzles of cum leaked from her cock and the marble shaft halted inside of her. Drawing backwards, the cock left her ass and swung through the air. Suddenly, it disappeared back from where it came, the tiles locking into place as the first of the four cocks was satiated. Breathless, Luna rolled onto her back and propped herself up against the wall, watching Ginny and Hermione-Hannah continue to get rutted against from the two cocks. Just as her breath returned to her, Luna realised what they had agreed upon beforehand. Turning to the iron bars, she saw the second vial of Polyjuice potion and sighed. Crawling over to it, she uncorked It and begrudgingly poured it down her throat, swallowing it and wincing. Flopping backwards, she waited for the transformation to take hold, her body slowly changing and shifting. Groaning, she felt her features beginning to shift, her body becoming smaller and perter. Her hair changed slightly, and her body became a lot younger in form. She had never experienced Polyjuice and thus was almost mortified by the changes coming over her, yet Luna was eclectic enough to take to it slowly. Finally, she felt the last bits of her body click into place, her breathing becoming slow and steady. She didn't have much time to adjust to her new body before the emerald green cock rose from the ground to claim another asshole for its list. Astoria was young and budding in her form, her breasts having a small rise to them, but not enough to warrant the need for a bra. Her hair was dark, counter to that of her sister's, yet their faces were almost identical, bar the obvious age difference. Her round little bubble butt held the plumpness of youth, her body not yet stretched out enough to rob her of a meaty rear. However, considering the arse that Daphne boasted, it was safe to speculate that Astoria would keep the plumpness of her ass and simply have it chiselled into a perfect heart-shape. Her cock however was a different story. Standing at three inches, it was yet to grow and become the thick shaft expected of a witch, even at young ages. Regardless, the small shaft suited her form. She almost the opposite to Gabrielle, yet not any lesser. These were the brief and fleeting judgements of Luna before she noticed the cock racing towards her. Gasping, Luna-Astoria barely had time to react before the cock plunged against her asshole. Impeccably tight, her hole barely loosened at the touch. However, what Luna didn't expect was how her smaller frame would be impacted. Instead of pushing against her asshole, the cock pushed against her entire body, lifting her up and to her feet. Her feet barely touched the ground before a second push lifted her into the air. Clinging to the wall, Luna-Astoria had the odds stacked against her in terms of her ass remaining vigilant. Both gravity and the force of the cock magical strength were working against Luna-Astoria's tight, clenched little hole. Grunting as she felt the cock pushing harder and harder, she quickly felt her asshole get pried apart, the first inch sinking inside a lot faster than the last time. Groaning, Luna was surprised at how little pain there was to be felt in Astoria's body. Perhaps the young girl was a lot more anally proficient than her frame let on. In fact, the pleasure that Luna felt quivering through Astoria's body was enough to make her cock shoot up rock-hard. And as she sank slowly along the cock, she felt her balls tighten and churn. The moment the cock pressed against her prostate was the moment that her cock erupted, Luna's heart racing as her mind sped round in circles. Torrents of uncontrollable cum sprayed across her body and the floor, the young girl's body able to store far more cum that she had any right to. Cumming all through the rest of the cock's thrust forward, the last few spurts poured from her tip as the last few inches sank inside, at which point the cock pulled itself out and swept itself back into the floor, letting Luna-Astoria fall to the ground, her mind shot and flooded with bliss, moans still coming from her lips. Hermione-Hannah and Ginny were close to cumming. Ginny's cock bounced back and forth as she was steadily pushed up and onto her feet back the constant thrusting of the cock behind her. Angling upwards, the shaft threatened to push Ginny into the air as it had done to Luna, yet as the redhead was forced onto her tip-toes, her cock finally erupted, showering the wall in front of her with cum. Several seconds passed as cum spurted from her shaft, her cock softening and the marble shaft seeing fit to drop from her rear, allowing her a moment of respite. Hermione-Hannah was much the same, with a couple thrusts being all that were needed to cause her cock to cum, dribbling cum from her tip onto the floor. Breathless, Hermione waited for the true pleasure that these cocks provided; the moment that they withdrew from within you. Pulling back, the cock slipped out of her and prompted a deep moan from the woman as it disappeared below the stones. Breathless, exhausted and truly satiated, all three of them collapsed to the floor, their hearts racing and their bodies glistening, gleaming with sweat. "Everyone alright?" Hermione breathed, rolling onto her back and looking up at the heavy iron door. Glancing to Ginny and Luna-Astoria, she received furtive nods from the both of them as they found their stamina once again. Pushing up and onto her feet, Ginny offered a hand to Hermione-Hannah, pulling her upwards before the two of them went and hauled Luna-Astoria to her feet, the young girl requiring a little support to stay standing after receiving two of the four cocks. Suddenly, they heard the shift of metal, prompting them to turn sharply to the door, watching as it slowly slipped downwards, disappearing beneath them. It slowly dropped, falling beneath the stones before panels closed over it, creating a solid pathway further in, "We should get our wands… And the ring." Nodding in agreement, the three of them turned and slipped between the bars, returning to the side room and grabbing their wands. Ginny retrieved the ring from her clothing and slipped it over her cock for safe keeping. Her engorged shaft bounced between her thighs as the three of them returned to the vault entrance. One by one, they entered the room beyond, each casting Lumos as they did so, exploring the cavernous room beyond. As they entered, the room ignited with torches, several braziers bursting into flame around the room. It was a large chamber with a large central pillar set atop a small plinth. There was a small path around the edges of the room, with the majority of the central space being composed of a raised platform, atop which sat an expansive bed, large enough to hold fifty people comfortably, laden with pillows and sheets, designed for orgies no doubt. Walking around the bed, the three girls made their way to the opposite end of the room to which they entered and found a small adjoining space, alongside another door, this one with seemingly no way to open it. Next to the door were five small pedestals, each bearing a familiar symbol; a ring, potion-vial, necklace, a notebook, and two circles connected by a chain: The Items of Aphrodomina. Walking forward, Hermione examined each of the symbols, murmuring to herself, "What is this place? Are these…" "Three present themselves…" a voice stated from behind them, the three of them turning suddenly to face whom it belonged to, raising their wands to combat whatever it was. Laying on the bed behind them was a ghost. She was stunning, her face striking and yet soft to look at. Plump lips, full and austere, curled into a smile. Eyes, deep and misty, staring at the three of them with purpose and intensity. Her body rounded and curvaceous, her hips rolling into the perfect hourglass ass. She wore a leather corset, which pushed her already astoundingly full breasts up and outwards, two circles cut from the fabric to allow her hardened nipples to push through, each nipple being adorned with an ornate silver clamp, the two clamps connected by an interlocked silver chain. Around her neck, a delicately strung necklace was hung, a large jewel encrusted pendant hanging in the centre. Her long slender legs gave away into a pair of high heels, pushing her already tall form even higher. But between her legs was a familiar sight. Fourteen inches of thick, hard cock adorned and emphasised by a silver ring. Suddenly, she lifted her hand and the trio's wands were flung across the room. Before they could react, they felt their hands get pulled to their sides by long leather tendrils. Similar tendrils snaked around their ankles, pulling their legs apart and forcing them to stand as if they were a star. One last tendril threaded itself around each of their necks, lifting their heads upwards and lightly choking them, just enough so that they knew what could and would happen, "Three present themselves where four ought to be. A wearing faces it would seem… Tricksters and deceivers… Oh, I had been so very bored these past few decades. Here I thought I would have four toys to train and tailor, but instead I have three to torment and torture. I don't know which I would prefer, yet it seems I have no choice." "You're Aphrodomina, aren't you?" Hermione croaked as the ghost rose slowly from the bed and strode towards her, a smile stretched across her lips. Lifting her hand to both Hermione and Luna's faces, she drew her palms across their visages and revealed their true forms, undoing the effects of their Polyjuice potion with a mere flick of the wrist; power unrivalled by even Dumbledore. "A clever one. Throwing names around she can barely hope… Oh, no… I'm wrong about you. Of the three of you, you're the one that deserves to be here the most. I can smell my mark upon you. You've been rather busy haven't you. Tell me, how many have you fucked because of my boon?" Aphrodomina asked, curling a finger beneath Hermione's chin. "The book? I don't know…" Hermione stammered, feeling the tendril around her throat slowly loosen as she and the ghost talked. Trying to hold back the tremors in her voice, Hermione tried to remain composed. Ghosts were memories of powerful witches and wizards, yet they were simply unable to continue to conjure. It was unheard of. Yet here was a ghost with full control over her abilities. Able to cast and so much more. "Lost count? As it should be… Tell me, clever one, you who knows so much of my name and place… How is that you defile the ancient ritual I created to test and cultivate the most perverse and salacious amongst my students? How is that you trick your way into a chamber that held the majesty of the greatest orgies and sexual endeavours this world has ever known? Why is that you have sought me out?" Aphrodomina purred, leaning her lips closer and closer to Hermione's, her ghostly hand curving along the sumptuous handfuls of Hermione's breasts. "We came to return the ring… So that it couldn't be…" Hermione began, only to cut herself off as she realised what she was about to say. Thinking ahead, she slowed her breath and spoke instead, "So that it was in its rightful place…" "You have it?" Aphrodomina started, pulling away from Hermione and glancing up and down her body. Turning to the other two, her eyes widened as she saw it gleaming between Ginny's thighs. A wave of her hand later and the tendrils tying their hands in place were dropped and they all breathed a deep breath, "Oh… It has been found. I thought it had been lost forever. The last one who owned it and the rest of my artefacts met with a terrible fate. I kept track of the others, yet the ring disappeared. Place it on the alter and tell me how you came to own it." "I bought it. From a trader. Foreign trader. I bought it with the notebook," Hermione explained as Ginny tentatively removed the ring from her cock, slowly letting her shaft shrink to its normal dimensions. Placing it on the alter, they watched as the symbol of the ring burned a bright blue, a similar mark appearing on the door before disappearing entirely. "Then the time has begun again. I will forget your transgression of this sanctum, but you must find the rest of them. They must all be returned here, and I will grant you, clever one, bounties beyond your body's desires. Pleasures, bliss, and every sensation between," Aphrodomina purred, turning suddenly and sharply to Hermione, pressing closely towards the young girl. Whilst the ghost wasn't solid, she had more of a presence than Myrtle or the House ghosts. Feeling her so close to her was enough to steal Hermione's breath away, set her cock hard and her nipples solid. Staggering back against the wall, Hermione stared into the ghost's eyes, her luscious lips and felt a quiver unlike any other. Not needing to say a word, Hermione watched as the ghost peeled away from her and spoke, "It is settled then." "What about us?" Ginny asked as the ghost turned to face her with a smirk. Snorting, she didn't even offer the redhead a response, instead, simply lifting her hand and summoning their discarded wands and placing them back within their reach. Without another word, the ghost disappeared beyond the stone walls, leaving the three of them naked and completely astounded, "That's it?" "I think we should count ourselves lucky. We were one step away from becoming that ghost's sex slaves…" Hermione breathed, her heaving chest speaking to the danger they were in; danger, but not an entirely opposable fate. With a smile, the bushy-haired girl led the way back towards the heavy iron door, stepping back into the familiar ground of the corridor. As they left, the door slid shut behind them, the three of them watching it fit itself back into the wall. As it did so, something on their wrists burned hot and sharp. Looking down at them, the trio watched a red ring flash on their skin before disappearing, leaving only the faintest mark; a key of sorts. Confused and baffled, the three of them couldn't even begin to formulate the slightest of responses. That was until Luna broke the silence in classic and expectable unexpected fashion, "Now I get it… She's the reason why this corridor doesn't like clothes." Author's Note: Hope you guys enjoyed that! It took a lot longer to get done that usual, so apologies. I'm well aware that people hardly come to this story for… well, the story, but I think it is a nice thing to have as a framework to bolt all the smutty bits onto. Sex is only as enjoyable as the meaning behind it. There are a few more story bits to happen later on, but this is last major point in this story. I am also aware that the story is very much… poorly paced, but such is the problem when smut is the focus. When one sixteenth of every chapter is dedicated to the story, it takes a wee while to get somewhere. Not that that's a problem. After all, we're all here for the smut. Remember, I now have a blog! Which is great. It has a bunch of stories on there, old ones from Tumblr, and some brand-new ones. Also, if you are a fan of this story, you are definitely going to want to bookmark the blog so that you can check the updates in the coming months. I've got a brand-new story that is similar to this one (Harry Potter shemales) but is very much its own thing and completely new in a lot of respects. Very excited about it, but it will take some time to get started. The blog is FanfictionWriter101 (then add blogspot) and then addcom. If that doesn't make sense, let me know. The next chapter is going to let us catch up with Pansy… She's having a rough time of late and is steadily plotting her vengeance. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys. It has been far, far, far too long. Unfortunately, I've been busy with schoolwork and other priorities in life, meaning that I haven't been able to focus on writing this story for quite some time. This chapter has seemingly been in a perpetual limbo for the better part of half a year. But I am returning to it. I am resolved to finish this story and… well… truth be told, I have. That's right, the story is finished. I'm writing this having just finished the final chapter of the story. It's done. What ultimately ended up happening was that for the longest time, I couldn't work on this story and then suddenly, I got a large chunk of time in which I managed to finish the bloody thing. So, all of you who have been eagerly anticipating the return and subsequent finishing of this story, you need wait no longer! Well, not quite. I'm not going to upload all the chapters at once as I still have to edit them. General touch ups and so on. But if you return each Monday, you will receive a brand-new chapter. One after the other and maybe faster dependant on my editing speed. I will also be revealing the launch date for the first chapter of the next instalment, alongside the title. That information will be coming in the last chapter so keep tuned in. I have also begun to work on the Christmas specials for a selection of my stories, so those of you waiting for updates elsewhere amongst my perverse collection of tales, you will be receiving new chapters soon enough. Also, even though the teaser at the end of the last chapter said we'd be catching up with Pansy, I decided I couldn't be bothered with that and came up with something new and far hotter. I think you'll all be pleasantly surprised. But, without further ado, enjoy the latest chapter! Chapter 46: Some Roleplay The room was deadly silent. Just how she needed it. Sitting at her desk, her hands clasped in her lap, her eyes closed, Professor McGonagall quietly ruminated. Clearing her head, she parted her lips, muttering a few words to herself as she calmly began to relax. The techniques to reduce a witch's libido were incredibly complicated. A combination of magic, meditation, and years of study, all of which were required for a post at Hogwarts, the ability was hard-learned and even harder maintained. Of course, it was a difficult thing to maintain. Both the stress of managing one's sex-drive and the stress of teaching were hardly complimentary, resulting in some strains on the mind. After years, decades even, of long continuous teaching, McGonagall had been forced to relax her personal morality a little, as was indicative by some of her actions that year. She had engaged with students four times that year, all of which under the guise of secrecy. She made sure never to do so out of personal pleasure, but rather out of complete necessity given the nature of her inbuilt urges. However, as she sat there, content in her current state of arousal -or, lack there off- she was completely unawares that she was about to be presented a situation that would ultimately break her vow of denouncing such actions on the whim of personal pleasure. After all… Even teachers have deep-set sexual fantasies that can hold immense sway in their decision making. And this lapse in judgement began with a light knocking at her door. "Come in!" she called out as she broke out of her meditative state and relaxed into her chair, watching the door push open. She busied herself with some parchments, gently dipping her quill into an inkpot, hoping to continue with her work as the visitor entered. Yet, as she cast a wayward glance upwards to see who it was, her eyes widened, and her grip on her quill slipped. The young girl that slipped through the door and closed it behind her took her completely by surprise. It was Gabrielle Delacour, the young little blonde smiling softly as she stood in full view, allowing McGonagall's astounded gaze to linger on her. It was less because of her sudden arrival and more due to what she was wearing. Frankly, Professor McGonagall had gotten used to the frankly skimpy outfits that the Beauxbatons and specifically the Delacours had taken to wearing, yet Gabrielle had opted not for her short skirted blue uniform, and instead wore something far more enticing to the Hogwarts' professor's eye. It was Hogwarts uniform. And a supremely slutty one at that. The shirt hugged her body exceptionally tight, curving over her small breasts; breasts which seemed to be larger than normal, plumped up by a black lace bra, the fringes of which could be seen from the steepness of the neckline and the several buttons that were popped open. The skirt was small, too small for the young girl as it flaunted so much of her long slender, legs, the curve of her ass being distinctly on view, a fleck of matching black lace just visible. She stood a little taller than usual on a pair of slutty stilettos, her legs covered by black tights which were suspended with a garter belt given the small straps that led up her small, miniscule skirt. And to finish it all off, a Gryffindor tie, draped lazily over her neck, the blonde girl smiling sweetly as she stood there, her hands clasped behind her back, waiting for McGonagall's slow and uncertain response, "Can… Can I help you?" "I wanted to talk to you professor… You see, I just 'ad a look at z test score you gave me and a noticed zat it was incredibly low… I think so much zat I failed," Gabrielle purred in her usual French, drawl, slowly approaching the desk and sliding delicately into the chair opposite the Professor, absolutely revelling in the distinct surprise and uncertain discomfort on the older woman's face. "I'm sorry? I'm afraid I don't understand," Professor McGonagall replied, fighting to keep her eyes on Gabrielle's face as the blonde smiled delectably, seemingly pushing her chest forwards as if to further encourage the older woman's eyes. Fighting that instinct, McGonagall winced softly as she felt her shaft begin to harden beneath her dress, her panties tightening. "My test? The one on ze transfiguration of ze animagi and ze so and so… I thought I did very well, but it seems I didn't do as well as I could 'ave. I was 'oping to 'ave a chance to put in the extra effort I should 'ave put in zen, but now?" Gabrielle smiled sweetly, her hand gently playing with a pendant that was hanging around her neck, drawing McGonagall's eyes downwards, but not managing to quell her distinct confusion as to what was actually happening in that very moment, despite the young girl being as plain and obvious as anything. "I'm afraid I still don't understand. If you have a problem with your test scores, you would have to take it up with your own school's teachers. I don't quite see why you are here at all," McGonagall breathed confusedly, only to watch as the hand that Gabrielle was using to play with her necklace dropped a little lower and quicker than McGonagall had seen anyone move, she managed to pop open an additional button, more of her black lace and, newly revealed satin portions, being burst into view, further cementing the young girl's purpose here. Yet McGonagall was still infinitely confused as to why the young French girl would be choosing to do something like that to her. Unless it was for some form of practical joke. "But I am one of your students, Professor McGonagall. Aren't I? And I was 'oping to get you to change your mind about my score. A little extra credit? I 'ave many talents that far surpass my understanding of animagi, talents that a Professor could certainly make good use off," Gabrielle said with a smirk, sliding out of her chair and slowly moving around the table, watching McGonagall's eyes move in astonishment. "I don't know what you are implying, but I think you should leave and think long and hard about your actions. Honestly. You must be coming down with something as you are making little sense," McGonagall said sharply, leaning back in her chair as Gabrielle propped herself up on the edge of the older woman's desk, sitting on the edge, her legs dangling of towards the professor's. "I would think long and 'ard, but zat would be a waste. Especially given all ze ozer things zat are long and 'ard in the world that I could be thinking about…" Gabrielle purred softly, lifting one of her stilettoed heels towards the Professor's crotch and gently rubbing the long rigid spike that propped up the heel along the woman's rising bulge. The suddenness of the move and the explicit desire in the young girl's eyes were startling. Frightening even. Enough to make McGonagall freeze in place, watching as the soft and innocent smile on Gabrielle's face turned salacious and purposeful, the girl dropping the pretence, but not the act entirely. She was still pretending to be one of McGonagall's students, using their proclivity for smutty deviance to acquire some standing with her. "I am offended that you would think of me as the kind of person that would," McGonagall breathed, trying desperately to claim her senses in the situation. Being bombarded with Gabrielle was more than enough to unsettle her mind from its logical moorings, yet as she claimed some sense, she moved to try and stand up, placing some distance between her and the young girl. "Sit," Gabrielle said suddenly and firmly, lifting her foot and pushing it against the centre of McGonagall's chest, pinning her against the chair as her face lost the calm and sultry allure, turning deadly serious within a split second, "I know zat you fucked me." "What…" McGonagall breathed, her eyes widening as her cheeks turned a deep and flustered red. She didn't even think to deny it as the young girl stared at her, immobilising her without a single further word. How could she have know that? Unable to think, she watched as Gabrielle's expression shifted slightly. "I know zat you fucked me before ze second task. Zat you took advantage of a helpless little girl who and fucked her arse like she was your own little personal 'ore…" Gabrielle stated simply, lowering her slender leg to the floor, her skirt having shifted ever so slightly, revealing the sizable bulge against lace panties that were down below. Sliding off of the table, she moved slightly to the side, making her way back towards her chair, "I also know zat your deepest and darkest fantasy iz for you to fuck one of your students in a formal capacity. To bend zem over and pound zeir little asses for better grades, yet, you would never be willing to take advantage of an actual student who was desperate to improve zeir learning, and zus ze only conceivable way zat you would be able to fulfil zat fantasy without hating yourself would be to perform it with a willing participant, in a roleplay of sorts. Yet someone your age who would open to such a fantasy would hardly be a convincing student. And so, ideally, you would be looking for a willing participant, young enough to be a student, but old enough zat you are comfortable fucking them, perhaps proven on a previous occasion, and who was also a giddy little slut eager to experience all forms of sexual deviancy. And so… I will ask you again professor, iz zere any way zat I can get a better score for my test?" Silence filled the room as McGonagall looked at the young girl slide into the chair opposite her. As soon as she uttered that last sentence, her face once again shifted and she returned to that placid, innocent young girl desperate to improve her grades at all cost. Still astounded and completely taken aback, McGonagall tried desperately to figure out what was going on. The suggestion was obvious and the reasoning sound, yet she found it incredibly difficult to look the girl in the face and say no. She found it impossible to admit to herself that fucking the young girl was something that she wanted to do. When she had done it before, all she had to do was justify it to herself. To come up with enough backwards logic to twist her head into a position where all she had to do was thrust forward. Yet, every single excuse that she tried to come up with fell flat. There was literally nothing she could say that was a reasonable justification to both herself and Gabrielle to not agree. In all honesty, it was quite scary how quickly and efficiently Gabrielle had placed a situation in front of her with only one option that didn't result in her breaking some form of internal code. If she said no because Gabrielle was too young, then she would be admitting to herself that she was wrong upon doing what she had done before to Gabrielle and thus she would be forever besmirched by the guilt of that situation. If she said no and lied about it not being her fantasy, she would forever hate herself for not jumping on the chance to fulfil one of her longest running deepest desires and would be more likely to break her own rule and take advantage of a real student. Looking back at Gabrielle, that deviant smile on her face, McGonagall straightened herself up in her seat and clasped her hands in her lap, "I think we can come to some form of arrangement. Perhaps after-lesson tutoring. Some personal work with a teacher to get your standards up." "Oh, thank-you professor. But… You see, the trouble is… I'm already up to my neck in school work. I don't really have time before lessons, studying myself and sleeping. I was really hoping for a more… immediate… boost," Gabrielle suggested, leaning forwards, managing to flash the cleft between her burgeoning breasts, framed by the black satin and lace. How the young girl had managed to plump up her breasts was beyond McGonagall, yet she didn't let that distract from the prospect. "I'm afraid it takes a lot of work to improve. No matter which way we go about this, it will take plenty of time after lessons. At least an hour every week," McGonagall said simply, to which Gabrielle's eyes widened, the young girl breaking character briefly, before snapping back into it. "At least an hour… Well… You said that different ways? Could we not find one that was enjoyable for both of us? I mean… you don't want to be stuck tutoring me, professor? Not when there could be other things that we could do? Mutually beneficial things, no doubt," Gabrielle smiled softly. "Perhaps… It's not my desire to sit with you ever week, explaining what I've already explained in lessons. Yet… I could imagine us finding something more pleasurable and effective in that regard. But there would be a slight change in my promise," McGonagall said, a smirk finally creasing through her cheeks as she pushed herself out of her chair and around to Gabrielle's side of the desk, propping herself on the corner. "And what would that be?" Gabrielle breathed as she looked up at the older woman, feigning submission despite the two of them both knowing who would really wield the power in this situation. After all, Gabrielle was able to pin the professor to her chair with a high heel and get away with it. "You'd be here at least two hours a week…" McGonagall added, causing Gabrielle's eyes to flare up, the young girl squeezing her thighs together in response. Noticing that simple a subtle movement, McGonagall rose to her feet and crossed to the door, plucking her wand from her robes and locking it, ensuring their privacy. "Anything to improve my grades, Professor. Shall I get my books out?" Gabrielle said innocently, leaning down to her bag, only to have it get pulled from her hand. Glancing up, Gabrielle saw McGonagall's wand in the air, her bag hovering nearby. Before she could speak, McGonagall had returned to her chair and elegantly lowered the bag into her lap, her eyes widening, though not from shock, but rather exaggerated surprise. "I hardly think this is fitting school equipment, now is it, Miss Delacour?" McGonagall asked as she reached into the bag and plucked from inside a long and shimmering silver dildo. The glimmer had caught the professor's eye s she locked the door, yet she didn't quite expect it to be as sizable as it was, "I think there are other problems at work that are impeding your studies. Stand up! I'll not have a slut marching around wearing my house colours!" "But professor!" Gabrielle squealed as she rose to her feet, McGonagall displaying a surprising degree of fury as she gestured with her wand, sending the chair that the young blonde had been sitting on flying. Marching around the desk, McGonagall stopped at Gabrielle's side and glared down at her. "You will speak when spoken to. Now bend over the desk. If you want your grades to improve then we must nip this flagrant sluttery in the bud," McGonagall spoke, her voice returning to its piercing calmness; the kind that unnerved students as she told them off. Nodding meekly, Gabrielle bent over the desk, laying her cheek against the wooden surface. As if spring-loaded, her skirt bounced up, revealing the entirety of her plump little ass. Breathing slowly inwards, McGonagall ignored her instinctual urge to simply slide down to her knees and bury her tongue in that young girl's sumptuous arse and maintained her composure, "My, my… You think this is appropriate clothing for a young girl such as yourself? Your bum is bouncing completely free!" "Professor… Please… Ah!" Gabrielle stammered, before exclaiming loudly as a hand sharply cracked against her ass. Genuinely surprised, Gabrielle's eyes widened as the stinging of her ass cheeks shuddered through her body. She wasn't surprised that she had been spanked, but rather the sharpness of McGonagall's slap. The woman had some pent up fantasies she wanted to work out and Gabrielle was genuinely thrilled to be a part of them as her ass cheeks finally stopped jiggling, settling where they were but glowing a rosier red than before. Her pale creamy cheeks were a sight to see when turned to a bright red beacon. Breathing steadily, McGonagall suddenly let her hand fly once more, striking Gabrielle's right cheek, causing the girl to lurch forwards, yelping childishly as her cock was forcibly ground against the table beneath her, pre-cum seeping into the fabric of her panties as she clung to the table, the cold air of the room only serving to make the burning sensation in her ass all the sharper. Silently, McGonagall continued, administering spank after spank after spank, sharply slapping each of Gabrielle's cheeks, alternating with each strike until those cheers were burning intently and she could feel the heat emanating from their once creamy glory. "You certainly are a little slut aren't you. The only way to reprimand a slut who carries a dildo around in their bag is to teach them what it means to be a proper little slut," McGonagall said, grabbing her wand and pointing it to the dildo that sat on the table. Silently, she cast 'Engorgio' on the modest dildo, watching it inflate to a thick twelve-inch length, an easy length for a girl like Gabrielle to take. Despite the pretence, she had no ill-intent towards the young girl and simply meant to further their sultry act. Gabrielle's eyes feigned shock and surprise as the fake cock levitated past her. She tried to stand up, but McGonagall's hand held the young girl firmly in place. With her wand, she pried the fabric of her panties out from between the young girl's red ass cheeks and silently cast a spell that lubricated the cock. Whilst using her wand was certainly easier, McGonagall certainly couldn't resist her urges and she grasped the silver dildo, feeling the heavy weight in her hand. Calming her heart, she angled the head of the cock towards Gabrielle's puckered little asshole; a deceptive sight to say the least. With the appearance of an untouched, virgin entrance, Gabrielle's ass was far from such a thing, rivalling even her sister's stretched entrance. Regardless, she scrunched up her face as she felt the steady pressure begin to build at her asshole, gritting her teeth as she pretended like this wasn't the hundredth cock of this size that she had had thrust into her ass at speeds that would frankly astound even the perverse minded professor. "Professor… I can't take it… Please! I'll do anything to make it alright… I'll dress properly from now on, I swear it!" she squealed like a little schoolgirl, right up until the moment her asshole gave away, the young girl letting out a meek yelp as the bulbous head of the cock slipped into her ass, settling at her entrance. McGonagall's eyes latched onto the girl's hole, watching even the subtlest quivers in her ass as it parted to take the cock. It was astounding. It had been years, decades even since she had had another person in front of her willing to perform all manner of perversities to her. All her encounters were through a wall or with dubious consent. This… This was something else. Gently rubbing and pawing at Gabrielle's ass and hearing the moans, grunts and groans in response to her actions was intoxicating. Her cock was now standing proud and hard beneath her robes. Unable to resist, she reached briefly beneath and unhooked her panties from her cock, allowing it to spring free beneath the fabric of her clothing. With a tent well and truly pitched beneath her robes, she unwittingly allowed it to bounce against the young blonde's ass, eliciting a soft moan from her aged lips as she did so. Startled, Gabrielle glanced up, "Professor? What was that? Oh… Don't tell me you're going to make me take a bigger one! I'll never do it again! I swear! I'll destroy the dildo. It was just a joke! A laugh between me and my friends! I never used it, please!" "You'll be quiet. You asked for private tutoring and I am tutoring you in decency and respect," McGonagall breathed, collecting her thoughts. Slowly, but surely, she inched the dildo deeper into Gabrielle's asshole, absolutely loving the subtle twitches and sounds that the young girl was making. It was easy to forget how the subtle intricacies of sex make it all the better. Seeing the way that the person reacts to having something sheathed inside their ass or being able to paw and pull at their ass cheeks as you sink deeper inside. That's what it is all about. Inch by inch, McGonagall pushed the dildo further and further, finally sliding those last few inches inside of Gabrielle's asshole, admiring the way she stretched and gaped to take it all. Her cock was spilling pre-cum into her panties below her, straining against the black lace as she revealed how she truly felt about the thick cock being inside her. Smirking, McGonagall grabbed her black lace underwear and pulled it back into place, making sure the fabric cut between her cheeks perfectly, holding that thick piece of plastic inside of her. With that in place, McGonagall gently rubbed the young girl's ass, giving it a quick and ready fondle, realising that the bright red fire that had been burning beneath her skin had now been returned to the light pink, borderline creamy colour. With her wand, she summoned a long meter stick that she kept tucked in the back of her office, a relic from the years past. She had always kept it primarily out of the hopeful eventuality that she would be able to use it in some sultry, sexual way as she had long since fantasised about; ever since she held the wooden shaft in her hands. Now she finally could. Lifting the wooden stick, she rested it gently against Gabrielle's ass, watching the young girl glance over her shoulder, her face feigning discomfort whilst her exposed cock showed her true desires with a sumptuous twitch of delight. Smacking the young girl's rear with the stick, McGonagall watched her ass cheeks bounce and jiggle, the young girl's ass burning with a deep red mark as she squealed in painful delight. Inadvertently wiggling her ass, Gabrielle only inspired more spanks from the older witch, the professor unable to deny just how much her cock was reacting to each spank. She could feel the inside of her robes beginning to dampen as pre-cum seeped into the fabric, her cock twitching and throbbing. She fought the urges to free her cock and plunge it into Gabrielle, letting her most animalistic desires take root, her body guiding her to pleasure without thought or care. Yet, she forced herself to denounce such ideas, instead savouring the spanking of Gabrielle's flesh, watching the young girl react in such a convincing way, yet without betraying the fact that she was wholeheartedly thrilled by the rougher treatment. Breathing steadily, McGonagall decided that she could no longer deny herself proper pleasure. Curbing the animalistic sentiments that plagued her mind, she simply set the metre stick to one side and slid down into her chair, reclining and admiring her handiwork. Her knees week, Gabrielle sank down to the floor, unable to rest on her bright and burning cheeks as she turned towards her Professor. With a straight and unflinching face, McGonagall announced, "Such behaviour as this is unbefitting of a young girl at my school. I shall have to contact your parents and let them know of your… proclivity for disobedient lust." "No! Please. Professor. Zere must be something I can do…" Gabrielle pleaded, throwing herself at McGonagall's feet, her hands resting on the older woman's knees as she pleaded for her non-existent position at the school. Whilst McGonagall wasn't one for grovelling, there was something to be said about this situation in which she knew the grovelling and pleading would lead directly to a sexually charged amnesty. She was no stranger to having students plead for their grades or an abstaining on their punishment, yet such occurrences were wholly devoid of that salacious intent. However, as Gabrielle begged for mercy, her hands brushed against McGonagall's cock, the young girl pretending that this was the first instance that she had noticed her faux Professor's bulge, the young girl's big blue eyes looking up at the older woman, "Professor… Iz zat… Well… perhaps zere is a way zat my…. Proclivity for disobedient lust may be of use. It must be 'ard for a teacher 'aving to look after girls like me. To punish zem… and not get anything in return…" "There will be no need for… Oh…" McGonagall began, knowing full well she wouldn't actually stop Gabrielle as she grasped her thick and veiny cock through the thin fabric of her robes, gently squeezing and clumsily stroking her shaft through the garment. "Please… I wouldn't want my parents to know anything about my… disobedience…" Gabrielle purred softly, her head sinking towards McGonagall's thigh, her cheek resting gently against her robed leg, the young girl managing to display such a devious smile even as she pretended to be an innocent schoolgirl. She almost had McGonagall fooled, yet the older teacher could still see through the façade. Not that it mattered. Either way it was still a sumptuously perverse situation. Easing her hand back and forth, Gabrielle tugged lightly on her pretend teacher's cock, relishing the way it felt in her hand. She felt every inch of the older witch's shaft, becoming more and more excited as she discovered the woman's length. Her own cock throbbed as she realised that McGonagall was rather well endowed. Cursing the fact that she couldn't remember the first instance of the woman sliding such a delectable cock inside of her, Gabrielle resolved to enjoy every last moment of this experience. Biting her lip, she gently began to roll Minerva's robes upwards, revealing the teacher's slim and slender legs, her skin rather toned for her age. She definitely looked a lot younger from this angle. Yet, as Gabrielle inched closer and closer to the bulging crotch of the woman, she found her breath being stolen away from her. Spreading her legs apart, Minerva watched as Gabrielle laid eyes on her stuffed panties, the fabric stretching over her thick, mammoth cock. A patch of pre-cum had begun to soak through the fabric as Minerva waited with eager anticipation for the young blonde to set her shaft free, allowing her an opportunity to engage with her perverse fantasies. The excitement on Gabrielle's face was completely genuine. So was the deep perverse growl of delight that she emitted when she pulled down McGonagall's plain white panties, dragging them to her knees and watching as the woman's thick and glorious cock smacked against her thighs. She had thought this would merely be an experience of perverse enjoyment, but it would appear that she was going to have plenty pleasure thrust into her body by the time the two of them lay breathless and satiated. With her panties out of the way, Gabrielle slipped her hand around the base of her cock, feeling the thickness and weight. It reminded her of Fleur's cock, yet her sister didn't seem as girthy. What Gabrielle wouldn't give to be able to make a side by side comparison. Leaning forwards, she slowly stroked her cock, letting a second hand join her first as she attempted to wield the thick shaft. McGonagall kept her eyes firmly on Gabrielle, watching the young girl's face lean closer and closer. Yet, it wasn't the gorgeous features of the blonde that ultimately captured her gaze. Instead, it was the view that was cast along her back. The white shirt that was tightly tucked into the hiked up skirt, all revealing her rounded rear end. The sight of the young schoolgirl outfit was an aphrodisiac in that moment. Paired with the salacious ministrations of the young girl, the outfit crumbled down McGonagall's usual reservations of engaging with students. Her eyes flared up with pure sexual desire as she felt Gabrielle's lips against the head of her pulsating cock, the young girl gently kissing her bulbous head, all the while trying to maintain the promiscuous playfulness of their roleplay, completely unaware of the lustful mindset that had claimed McGonagall and set her desires flaring. Moaning deeply, McGonagall succumb entirely to the moment and to the most perverse desires that she had supressed for so very long. Gabrielle giggled like the slutty schoolgirl she was embodying, playfully curling her tongue across the bulbous tip of her teacher's cock, acting like this was the first cock she had sucked. Nervously clasping her lips around the head, she pulled back and giggled, wiping her lips as she blushed nervously. Smirking, McGonagall relished her act, the young girl finally parting her lips and taking the head into her mouth, gently suckling on the tip as pre-cum poured and splashed across her tongue. Gabrielle had to stifle her usual guttural groan of approval that she normally uttered whenever she tasted pre-cum, instead spluttering slightly as she tasted it. Angling her throat, she made sure that when she pushed her lips down McGonagall's length, the bulbous tip prodded the back of her throat, causing her to gag. Normally, she would be able to find the perfect angle that allowed a cock to easily glide into the tight clutching depths of her throat, but that also meant she could find the perfect angle to cause her to gag and splutter, sending strings of saliva down along McGonagall's cock, her hand eagerly jerking and spreading along her shaft. As she gently bobbed her head up and down, she clumsily suckled on her teacher's cock, making up for the depth of her blowjob by using her tongue. Just because she was pretending to be inept didn't mean she had to sacrifice the pleasure. It was more than enough for McGonagall who found more pleasure in the sight of the young girl than her actual abilities. Eager to get into the mood more, Minerva began to unfasten her robes, slowly unbuttoning her garments as Gabrielle went to work. Bit by bit, her clothing loosened until she pulled her robes over her head and tossed them to her side, revealing her taut stomach and slim slender figure. She had wrinkles across her body but was hardly the elderly woman that her face betrayed her as. Instead, her slim stature lent itself to de-aging her body. Her breasts were easily the most youthful and sumptuous sight that her body could offer, so much so that Gabrielle pulled her lips back, quite surprised by the sight. "My… Professor. You look… so 'ot…" she smiled, speaking truthfully, but embodying the teenage suck-up she was trying to be. McGonagall smirked, reach down to clasp the back of Gabrielle's head, coaxing her lips forwards and towards her cock. "You're too kind. Here, let me help you with the rest of my cock. You are certain that you don't want me to write to your parents?" McGonagall asked as she rose to her feet, the thick club of a cock she sported looming over Gabrielle small and rounded face. "Erm… yes. Of course. Zat is so kind of you," Gabrielle smiled innocently, opening her lips and allowing McGonagall to guide the head of her slick and gleaming cock into her mouth. Closing her lips, she maintained her youthful look, only to feel actual pressure on the back of her throat as McGonagall succumbed to her desires. Gabrielle's eyes widened as she felt the first three inches of McGonagall's cock plunge forwards, smacking against the back of her throat and causing her to splutter wildly. Pushing gently against the older woman's thighs, Gabrielle was immediately taken aback by what had happened. But before she could even look up, McGonagall's hips began to pull back and thrust forwards suddenly and sharply, the head of her cock jamming up against her throat, almost breaking through. Normally, Gabrielle was able to take rougher treatment with ease, but she had gotten so into character that for the briefest of moments she was unable to remember how to deepthroat a cock with ease. And thus, McGonagall was able to capture the most authentic sensation of her cock plunging into a virgin throat. Thrusting forwards one last time, McGonagall's cock carved through her throat, plunging deep into Gabrielle's experienced, yet inexperienced throat, sinking half of her delicious cock into the young girl's clutching depths, spilling pre-cum down her throat whilst her gullet convulsed and spasmed, massaging McGonagall's length with delicious pressures. Her lips curled and twitched as saliva poured down her chin and onto her uniform, rendering her an even bigger sticky mess. Instinctually fighting against the cock, Gabrielle was kept in place by McGonagall's vice like grip, allowing for the older woman to slide her cock back, right up until the head of her cock threatened to escape Gabrielle's throat and relieving her gagging, before slamming forwards and bringing Gabrielle's throat all the way down. Her lips collided with McGonagall's crotch, her nose buried in the wiry bristles of the older woman's pubic hair, the heavy cum-laden balls of the teacher smacking against her chin as she coughed wildly, fighting for air as ever instinct told her to relieve her throat of her cock. It was a surprising experience for Gabrielle given how proficient she was at suckling on cocks as big as or even larger than McGonagall's. Before she could adjust, McGonagall took yet another step. Consumed by lust, McGonagall let her stern demeanour disintegrate as she pulled her hips back, keeping Gabrielle's head tightly in place as she drew her cock all the way back to the beginning of the young blonde's throat, all before thrusting suddenly and quickly forwards, filling the rooming with the resounding slap of slick flesh. Her balls collided firmly with Gabrielle's chin as her throat bulged and swelled with the momentous cock thrusting into it. McGonagall stepped forwards, planting her feet just behind Gabrielle's legs, forcing the young girl to bend slightly backwards, the new angle and position allowing McGonagall to have complete control over the rigorous throat-fucking she was about to unleash. She held nothing back as she pulled her hips backwards and began to slam her cock in and out of the young girl's gullet, moving with such speed and fervour as to completely take Gabrielle by surprise. She quickly managed to gain her composure in time for the pounding she was receiving, meaning that she wasn't gagging as heavily. That didn't mean that McGonagall's cock wasn't becoming slicker and slicker by the second, perpetuated by the splutters that rumbled from Gabrielle's throat and the strings of spittle that were smeared across Gabrielle's chin. The older woman could move with such speed and ferocity, causing Gabrielle's chin to turn red as her balls smacked against it harder and harder. Whilst she had been taken by surprise, Gabrielle's cock still throbbing and pulsated, twitching and spilling pre-cum down her shaft, even though she wasn't touching herself. Pleasure still twitched through her body as her glassy eyes looked up at the gorgeous older woman pounding her throat mercilessly, the professor acting like a beast possessed, fucking her without reprieve. Gabrielle could only imagine what it would be like when the professor finally bent her over the desk and gave her asshole the fucking that she truly desired and pounded her properly into the wooden surface of the teacher's work-place. McGonagall had no intention of relieving Gabrielle's throat of her cock. It was such a tight and delectable sumptuous hole. The young girl's stature meant that even though her holes had been rigorously fucked countless time, her frame still remained tight, her depths still clutching at whatever cock was plunged within them. Moaning constantly, McGonagall began to gleam with a thin layer of sweat as her movements increased, her cock becoming drenched in saliva and spittle, her shaft glistening with pre-cum as she pounded Gabrielle's eager and willing throat. The way her lips stretched and dragged across her cock was magical, with every fine detail of the young girl's mouth and throat becoming an intoxicating reality for McGonagall. Occasionally, she would draw to halt, simply savouring the way her gullet tightened around her cock, clinging to each inch of her wonderous length. Whilst she adored the pleasure of a good blowjob, McGonagall's mind also turned to the rounded, petite little ass of the young girl and the pleasure that it could provide. She already knew how delightful it felt to be balls deep in the Delacour's asshole, but, that was different. This time, she couldn't wait to feel Gabrielle pushing back onto her, begging for it harder and faster. The mere thought almost made her cum and distracted her from her thrusts long enough for her to miss a thrust and her cock slipped out of Gabrielle's mouth and smacked against her face, leaving a gleaming sticky streak across her pale skin. The façade had completely shattered at this point as McGonagall staggered back slightly. Gabrielle abandoned her persona and lunged forwards, engulfing the teacher's cock in her mouth, instantly plunging her lips along her length, taking every inch into her gullet as her hands gently massaged the woman's balls. Bobbing her head up and down, she suckled on the massive length, stealing McGonagall's breath away as she gorged herself on cock, hungrily devouring every inch she could, slurping and suckling like the cock-hungry whore that she truly was. The roleplay was in tatters. What mattered now was pleasure. And no amount of pretend could replace true pleasure. Grabbing Gabrielle by the cheeks, McGonagall drew her mouth from her cock and lifted her to her feet. Forcefully bending the young girl over the desk, Minerva drew her wand. With a simple flick of her wrist, every garment that covered the young girl's body was whisked away and neatly folded on a chair by the entrance, leaving the young blonde completely naked and at the woman's mercy. Reaching down between Gabrielle's cheeks, she pulled the base of the dildo slowly out of the young girl's asshole, watching her gaping hole tighten and close, returning to the seemingly untouched entrance that she had previously presented the professor. With a smirk, McGonagall did something completely unbecoming of her stature as a professor and house head. The situation had removed any aspiration of reserved demeanour and brought McGonagall down to her basest and most perverse desires. Dropping to her knees, she planted her hands on each of Gabrielle's cheeks and spread them apart, all before lunging forwards with her tongue and darting the slick morsel back and forth across her puckered entrance. Gabrielle gasped as she glanced behind herself and saw the piercing gaze of the elderly teacher framed between her two ass cheeks. The sight was erotic to say the least. The idea of Professor Minerva McGonagall submerging herself deep in someone's ass, her tongue carving into their rear end as she devouring their tightest entrance… the thought was unthinkable. If any of her students knew this was something, she did they'd faint. And as such, the moans that escaped Gabrielle's lips reflected both the surprise and delight of having her ass eaten out by the strictest and most respected teacher that Hogwarts had to offer. Lathering the young girl's rear with saliva, McGonagall darted her tongue up and down, pulling back and forth until the delectable blonde's asshole gleamed with spittle. Finally, she angled her tongue towards her entrance and unceremoniously plunged it deeper inside, sliding her tongue all the way inside, arching it in search of the younger girl's prostate, all the while pawing and pulling at her soft ass cheeks with a hungry and unkempt desire. Gabrielle adored the prospect of having her arse worshiped by a teacher, simply laying her cheek against the surface of the desk and enjoying the ravenous ministrations of the older woman's tongue as it explored her tight and well-fucked asshole. McGonagall found herself delving deeper and deeper, winding and stretching her tongue as far as it would go, making sure to explore everything the tight girl's ass could offer. Letting go of her ass cheeks, McGonagall was slightly disappointed by the spring of her ass cheeks as they bounced back into place. It was hardly the smothering that she secretly hoped for, yet she enjoyed the feeling of her soft ass cheeks pressing against her face as her hands pulled the young girl's thighs backwards, allowing her to delve her tongue even deeper inside. Moaning loudly, she wove her tongue back and forth, her hand sneaking around to Gabrielle's cock, grasping it firmly and steadily milking her shaft for pre-cum, pumping her hand up and down as pre-cum coated her hand, lubricating her firm and steady handjob. McGonagall's other hand couldn't deny herself any pleasure and dropped to her own cock, jerking herself back and forth, enjoying the copious amounts of saliva that drenched her cock, proving to make for an exceptionally slippery handjob and excited her even more in preparation for her sliding her cock back into the clutching haven that was Gabrielle's asshole. The two let their moaning fill the room, even though McGonagall's was almost entirely muffled by the delightful rounded rear end of Gabrielle. Neither one cared in the slightest about letting the entire castle hear the delicious sounds of their sexual antics. Neither one would have batted an eyelid to the door being pushed open and their deviancy being revealed to whomever did so. They would have simply continued to moan, delighting in the pleasures of the older woman's tongue and the delights of the younger woman's ass. As McGonagall's tongued reached as deep as it could go, she began to hunger for more. It was a true treat to devour her ass like this, but with such a tight entrance clamping down on her tongue, she felt her cock begin to hunger for a taste. Continuing to stroke both her own cock and Gabrielle's, McGonagall pulled back, spitting on Gabrielle's ass in order to lubricate her some more, all before rising to her feet. Shuffling forwards, she slapped her cock down between Gabrielle's ass, watching the young girl shudder in anticipation as she bit her lip. Holding Gabrielle's hips, McGonagall drew her own hips backwards, sliding her cock along the cleft of the girl's ass, smearing saliva along her crack and the tight entrance to her asshole. Grinning wildly, she waited for that familiar pressure to build at her asshole; for that sumptuous teasing of a cock-head against her puckered entrance. Gripping the table beneath her, she felt McGonagall saw her hips back and forth, carving her cock between those cheeks, steadily bringing them both to the edge of anticipation, the vast abyss of pure pleasure lingering so very close to culmination. All Minerva had to do was angle her cock towards her entrance and let loose the pent-up desires of decades of teaching. She almost didn't want to do it. Her fantasies had built for so very long that it seemed impossible that it could ever live up to her mind's eye. Yet, those thoughts were weak. Nothing could stop her now. Pulling back, her hand grasped the base of her cock and she readied herself for bliss. Pushing the head of her cock against Gabrielle's asshole, she felt the young girl's hole quiver at the bulbous touch. Applying a gentle pressure, Minerva watched as her entrance caved inwards, slowly allowing the tip of her cock to slip inside. Moaning steadily, the two of them gasped in unison as the head slipped in, her puckered entrance tightening once more around the tip. McGonagall's eyes rolled into the back of her head and as she let go of her cock, simply savouring the tight haven that now engulfed her cock-head. Steadying her stance, she simply revelled in it, enjoying the way it felt to have such warm tightness clasped around the most sensitive aspect of her body. And then, the definition of bliss swallowed McGonagall's mind as Gabrielle pushed eagerly backwards onto her cock, hungrily wanting to stuff her ass full of the thick cock. That small sensation was enough to snap McGonagall out of her haze and remind her that she was here to fuck Gabrielle and fuck her hard. Grabbing the young girl's hips, she reaffirmed her position, steadying herself as she prepared to slam her hips forwards. She wanted to submerge her cock instantly in the girl's ass but found that her first attempt caused her cock to almost buckle. Her obscene length required a little more precision. Easing forwards, she watched in awe as the young lithe little girl managed to take her cock with ease, her massive length disappearing inside of her. Within seconds, half her cock was inside, allowing McGonagall to finally thrust forwards with purpose and power. Yelping with delight, Gabrielle grinned as she felt the professor's wiry crotch against her juicy little ass, her own balls being smothered by the older woman's heavy and larger pair. The cock was buried all the way inside of her, throbbing and pulsating, filling her to the brim and stretching her in the way that she simply loved to be stretched. Gabrielle was in heaven, yet that heaven was nothing compared to the delight swarming through McGonagall's body. Unable to wait any long, McGonagall began to pound her cock back and forth, leaning forwards and over the desk so as to get as deep as possible inside the tight depths of Gabrielle's ass. Both of them grunted and groaned in unison as the wet slapping of flesh resounded through the room, pre-cum and spittle lubricating their resonant fucking. Gabrielle clung to the desk beneath her. As experienced as she was, large cocks still took a little out of her. Not that she didn't adore it. She loved everything that was happening to her in that moment. The swelling of the thick cock inside of her, the rigid veins and ridges that were thrusting against her insides. The laboured breathing of the older woman wafting over her back as she slammed her crotch forwards, butt-fucking her with such intensity that there was little she could do to stop herself from submitting entirely to the whims and desires of the woman roughly pounding her arsehole. McGonagall had never felt anything more intense than the sensation of the young girl's asshole adjusting and stretching to fit her cock. Each push and plunge of her cock were met with a new wave of intense bliss; bliss that she couldn't help but get swallowed by. She didn't care for the wellbeing of the arse she was fucking, even though she knew that Gabrielle could take it, and simply wanted nothing more than to hammer herself into the young girl's ass until she exploded into momentous orgasmic intensity. Intensity that was quickly dawning on the pair of them. The sublime titillation of their initial role-play combined with the intense precision of their oral gymnastics meant that both of them were surging closer and closer to their orgasms. Gabrielle's cock throbbed beneath her, leaking pre-cum onto the floor whenever the thick cock in her ass drew backwards for another stroke. Everything was peaking to a new level of heavenly pleasure, with their bodies rutting grinding together as they both pushed each other closer and closer to explosive orgasm with each movement. Smiles stretched across both their faces, their ultimately wound themselves right towards their ends, their bodies shaking with delight as they finally unloaded. Their bodies collided faster and faster, their heated breath catching in their throats as they came closer and closer. Gabrielle was the first, letting out a high pitched squeal of delight as she sprayed several strands of pent-up cum down onto the floor, her cock getting milked with each push and thrust of the older woman's cock. Her ass clenched and tightened around McGonagall's cock, sandwiching it in place and causing her cock to explode into orgasm. Unlike Gabrielle, McGonagall had some choice as to where she sprayed her cum. Pulling out of Gabrielle's ass, she ultimately settled up sliding her cock between the young girl's cheeks and using them to milk herself dry. A massive cum-shot burst from the head of her cock splattering against the young girl's ass cheeks and lower back. Draining her laden balls, McGonagall admired her handiwork, alongside the slightly agape asshole of the youngest Delacour. With a smile, she staggered backwards, silently wishing that she had been able to paint the young girl's rounded face with her cum. The thought of spraying several strands across her petite pale face was almost enough to reignite McGonagall's lust and desire. Grabbing her wand, she quickly and silently cleaned up the sticky young girl and her floor before letting her wand drop to the ground, her heart racing as her breathing escaped her. The sight of Gabrielle bent across the table would forever linger with the old woman, alongside the delectably deviant smile that she flashed over her shoulder in response to the older woman's orgasm. Breathless and uncomposed, McGonagall sank into her desk chair, her cock softening against her thigh as Gabrielle rose to her feet, grinning wildly as she eyed the dishevelled teacher up and down. The two opposite ends of the spectrum were embodied between them. The experienced sexual deviant that could get fucked for hours and could still walk out without a missing breath, and the sex-addled and sex-starved one whom would need the afternoon to recover. Propping herself up on the desk, Gabrielle purred, "Was zat enough to keep you from writing my parents, Professor McGonagall?" "I shall ruminate on the necessity to take such an action, but I suggest you think about your behaviour going forwards," McGonagall reiterated as Gabrielle batted her eyelids and made her way to the door, grabbing her clothing and beginning to dress. Calling out, Professor McGonagall added, "Though I think we ought to expand your private tutoring sessions to a daily event. Perhaps before dinner?" "I could think of nothing better, professor," Gabrielle said with a smirk, McGonagall mirroring the expression as the young girl slipped her shirt back on and pulled her skirt into place, casually leaving her panties on the chair before stepping out of the room and leaving McGonagall to fantasise about the myriad of perverse things she could do with the young girl. Why couldn't she have been one of her students and not a Beauxbaton's student. The countdown to her departure left nothing but a sour taste in McGonagall's mouth. Then again, it did spur her on to dream up fantastically perverse things. She would simply have to make good use of the limited time. Maybe twice a day. Morning and night. It would certainly make her morning wood a thing of the past. One thing was for certain, every student in Hogwarts could notice a marked softness in the expression of the strict faced-house head from that day until the last day of the year. Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. I decided to go with this idea as opposed to the Pansy chapter simply because it was more fun, and I had more material and ideas to work with. The Pansy chapter in incorporated into a smaller part of a future chapter simply because it fits there more. As previously mentioned, the rest of the story is finished so you will only have to wait a week for the next update. In the meantime, please leave a review. They are always much appreciated and are becoming increasingly helpful in shaping the next instalment of this wonderfully perverse story. The next chapter is an interesting one. In order to capitalise on certain characters whilst they remain in the main part of the story, I've decided to slightly change a previous chapter. I'd recommend returning to 'Chapter 44: The Lost Tradition' and reading towards the end. I've changed a small part of that chapter to facilitate the next chapter and allow for a hotly anticipated threesome. Till next time!
Author's Note: Hey guys. As promised, one week later, the next chapter is here. We are steadily crawling towards the end of the story. This is the last chapter before we get into the proper ending chapters that start to wrap things up. If you haven't already, go give 'Chapter 44: The Lost Tradition' a quick re-read, especially the very end of the chapter. It has been changed to set up this chapter so it may be worth a glance so as to not get confused. I would very much appreciate some reviews so as to help shape the next instalment of this story. So, tell me what you like, dislike, what you want more of, what you would like to see, and thoughts in general. They shall be very helpful in shaping the plans for the next story. Also, I have taken on board some of your thoughts regarding a new HP story focussed around normal sex (not shemale stuff) and have something in the works. It might be ready to launch at Christmas, but may get pushed back into early new year. Depends on timing. But for those of you who said you'd be interested in that, look forward to it coming soon! Also, this chapter will feature bisexual/gay content rather prominently. At the point of writing, it will undoubtedly be almost entirely gay/bisexual. If that is not your kind of thing, then I would suggest skipping this chapter. However, if you speed down to the very bottom of this chapter, you'll get a brief overview of the character beats of this chapter so that you aren't completely out of the loop in future updates. It is also a chapter filled with a lot of BDSM elements. I don't have much else to say, other than enjoy this chapter! Chapter 47: A Threesome for The Ages For the past week or so, Harry had found himself perpetually distracted as he made his way through Hogwarts, winding from class to class. Most people assumed the air-headed way in which he went about his day to day business was solely due to the fact that he was consumed by the ever looming Third Task, yet that wasn't entirely the case. For sure, he spent a great deal of time thinking about strategies and such, largely at Hermione's behest, however, it wasn't the impending task that occupied his thoughts most of the time. No, that honour rested on none other than Cho Chang's shoulders. Ever since the evening Harry spent with the other champions in the Prefect's Bathroom, he had been unable to shake the fact that Cedric had approached him with the prospect of sharing a bed with him and Cho. The thought was almost unbelievable. And not only that, Cho had expressed interest in him of all people. Harry had assumed his quiet crush on Cho had either gone unnoticed or was simply un-reciprocated, however, it seemed the Asian beauty had at least some interest in him. The fact that she had mentioned to Cedric when they discussed the prospect of expanding their sexual horizons with a threesome was beyond incredible. Of course, Harry had gone to Ginny to discuss It, not wanting to go behind her back on anything regarding sex. Their openness to one another made it an easy decision to make. And so, Harry waited patiently for Cho and Cedric to contact him and decide upon a location. Little did Harry know; the time was fast approaching. A week before the Third Task was due to be held, Harry slipped into his usual position at the Gryffindor table, his eyes wandering towards the Ravenclaw table, eyeing up the soft round features of Cho Chang. He was ultimately surprised that Ginny was so open to the prospect of him having sex with Cho, since even he wasn't able to keep his pseudo feelings for her a secret from Ginny. However, Ginny was firm on the idea that nothing would come of it. After all, she had engaged in many sexual exploits without developing feelings. And Harry had done the same. Why would one girl be any different. Especially if the rumours were true about what Cedric and she got up to. If they were true, then it seemed likely that Cho wouldn't even be the centre of such exploits given Cedric's rumoured proclivity for submissive tendencies. Rumours that were far and beyond delightfully perverse. That Cho forced Cedric to sleep with her cock down his throat. Or that she has him walk naked through the halls from his dorm to hers whenever she needs a quick fuck. Or that Cedric has spent every holiday tied up in Cho's dorm room being used like toy by her and her friends. No one was able to verify such rumours, but it was widely believed that Cho was a proverbial dominatrix, completely and utterly bending Cedric to her will. Regardless, Ginny was actually somewhat interested to get a first-hand account of what the Asian delight was like in bed. After all, she could hardly expect to shag Cho Chang anytime soon. "Harry… I… I was wondering if I could have a word. In private," a familiar voice called from behind. Turning around, Harry found himself staring at Cedric. Nodding in agreement, Harry glanced briefly back towards Ginny, seeing a suggestive grin stretch across the redhead's face, a grin she buried in bowl of cereal in order to not arouse suspicion. Sliding out of the bench, Harry followed Cedric towards the entrance of the Great Hall, the two of them quickly ducking out and into a small secluded alcove, "Are you available tonight?" "I mean yeah. Are you certain about this. I don't want to… over-step any boundaries. She's your… And we're not that…" Harry stammered, having pondered the fact the idea of this threesome over thoroughly in his spare time, acknowledging just how strange it was. He had only ever spoken to Cho in passing and he was immensely awkward. "I think that's the point If I'm honest. Cho's not looking for someone who she spends a lot of time with. Kind of wants an outsider. I'm not sure, but we've talked about it a lot and she's keen. If you're worried it would be too weird, then that's…" Cedric began, only to get cut off by an overly enthusiastic Harry. "No! No… That's not what I'm getting at. As long as you and she are okay with It," Harry smiled softly. He couldn't deny that it would be a little awkward. The inherent nature of this being arranged as it was only served to make it a little weird. But Harry was more than happy to endure whatever form of embarrassment or awkwardness if it meant seeing Cho naked and getting to have sex with her. "Good… Good… Erm, Cho apparently knows of a place. A corridor on the seventh floor. Apparently its hidden behind some kind of…" Cedric began explaining, with Harry almost immediately knowing of the place. Interrupting Cedric, he nodded. "I know the place. I guess I'll… I'll see you there?" Harry stammered, cautiously excited as to what would happen this evening. Little did he know, it was beyond his wildest imagination. Parting ways with Cedric for the time being, Harry slogged through the remaining classes he had that day, finally managing to break through his double stint of potions and wrap up his lessons for the day. Nervously awaiting the agreed upon time, Harry found himself steadily contemplating what he had gotten himself into. However, against his better judgement, he left the common room and made his way towards the corridor, doing his best to catch and steady his breath. Arriving sooner than anticipated, Harry used his wand to unlock the passage, before slipping inside. The distinct atmosphere of the corridor did wonders for getting Harry in the mood. Somewhat surprised that a room could get him in the mood, he chocked it up to the sheer number of times he had had sex in this corridor, creating the sultry correlation that had his jeans getting progressively tighter. With one last deep breath, he advanced through the corridor, checking on the room to his right and immediately being met with a rather surprising sight. It was Cedric. Whilst hardly surprising, the position, or rather, appearance of Harry's fellow champion was what took Harry by surprise. He was completely naked, stooped on his knees with his hands bound together and hoisted up above him. A blindfold had been pulled down and over his eyes, keeping him completely in the blue as to what was happening. Upon closer inspection, Harry could tell that parts of his skin were glowing a hot pink, having evidently been toyed with and spanked before his arrival. Dutifully, he remained completely still, his lips parted and stretched wide, as if waiting for someone to thrust themselves deep into his throat. His cock had a ring fastened around the base of his shaft and balls, perking his shaft upwards even though it remained soft. Seeing Cedric in such a set-up was both disconcerting and rather intriguing. Immediately, Harry felt as if he had perhaps been duped into some kind of perverse sex-club in which Cho intended to render him into a similar position as Cedric, however the lack of additional ropes and equipment suggested otherwise. The vast array of dildos, butt-plugs and salaciously bulbous sex-toys was also somewhat unnerving. The fact that this was the position that Cedric was rendered in long before had arrived also sent warning signs throwing Harry's body. However, it was clear that Cedric was somewhat willing in his submission, given the fact that his cock was steadily rising, growing harder by the moment, thickening and lengthening to the shaft that Harry was somewhat familiar with. "Ah… You're finally here. I was worried I was going to have to start without you," a voice called from behind Harry, causing him to turn swiftly around, his eyes widening even further than when he found Cedric. Whilst Cedric's position and appearance were startling, Cho's appearance was simply astounding. She had shirked her usual loose-fitting uniform for something infinitely sultrier. She wore a tight-fitting black leather corset, fastening firmly around her body and plumping her breasts beyond their usual size. Interwoven with silk and satin, the corset hugged her curves and added to her salacious demeanour. A simple pair of black lace panties clung to her waist, the thin strings flossing between her juicy ass cheeks, whilst her throbbing cock bulged against the fabric, threatening to tear clean through. Her long and slender legs were encased in a pair of fish-net stockings, held in place by a tight leather bands that hugged her thighs mid-way up. The entire demure look was finished off with a pair of shiny black high heels, propping her up so that she was ever so slightly taller than Harry. Clasped in her hand was a long horsewhip, he choice of tool when it came to discipline. Standing there gormlessly, Harry didn't know what to say as Cho strutted forwards and planting a finger against his lips, completely acting outwith her shy and quiet persona. It was as if the outfit had utterly transformed her, allowing a salaciously forward woman to take her place, "Shush. Don't say a word. You don't need to. I'll do the talk, just play along. Do that and we're all in for a good time. Got that?" Perhaps it was the outfit, or perhaps it was simply the commanding presence that she emanated, but Harry found himself aimlessly nodding in response to her words. A wide grin stretched across Cho's face as she got his approval. Momentarily, she broke character, becoming a giddy little schoolgirl as she almost bounced back and forth on the spot. However, she quelled such excitement and plastered the demure, sultry smirk on her face that she had greeted Harry with. Grabbing Harry by the arm, Cho led him back into the room where Cedric was, getting him to stand just in the middle of the doorway, whilst she sauntered casually around the bound and helpless boy, her lips cracking into a perverse smile as she traced the tip of her whip along Cedric's body, watching as he breathed sharply inwards whenever the tip grazed a sensitive area that had been tenderised prior to Harry's arrival. Stopping, just in front of him, Cho squatted down in front of him, staring into his blindfolded eyes. "Good… That's how you ought to present yourself. With your whorish mouth wide open and ready for use. Today's going to be a little bit special my little pig-slut. I think it's about time I introduce you to a friend of mine. And how do we treat mistress's friends?" Cho asked, a smile on her face as Cedric responded. "Like gods, mistress…" Cedric murmured in response. Suddenly and swiftly, Cho managed to crack the whip down and across Cedric's chest, eliciting a deep grunt of pain as he winced. Steadying himself, Cedric didn't need to be reminded of his mistake as he repeated himself only with a louder voice, "Like gods, mistress." "Exactly. Now I have a very special friend here today. He's going to teach you what a real man is like. And you are going to learn what a real man's cock feels like when its jammed in all your worthless fuck-holes. Because, do you want to know the truth? Every time you've fucked me with that pathetic little cock of yours, I've had to sneak out and have my friend here fuck me so that I can cum. Every… single… time…" Cho purred salaciously, leaning forwards and gently nibbling on Cedric's ear. Confused by exactly what she was saying, Harry kept himself silent, not wanting to incur the sharp and biting wrath of Cho's rather swift whip, "But first! You have to earn the right to get fucked by him. Not just anyone gets to taste a real cock. Especially fuck-pigs like you…" Harry couldn't quite believe his eyes. The rumours about Cho and Cedric were true. She was a dominatrix, using Cedric like a toy. She had him broken to her every whim and desire. But even then, Cedric's cock thrummed and throbbed with even the slightest word out of Cho's lips. It was safe to say that he was getting something out of it, but even then, Cho had transformed into a completely different girl, using Cedric as a collection of holes for her own pleasure. Harry couldn't help but wonder how long Cedric had been like this. Used by Cho for her own perverse machinations. But then again, Cedric was the one that approached him about organising this evening. He could hardly be being forced. All those thoughts raced through Harry's mind, even as his cock hardened in his jeans, reaction born from the frankly orgasmic sight of Cho's tight little ass, flossed perfectly by the thin lace fabric. "Yes mistress… Anything mistress…" Cedric mewled in response as Cho rose to her feet. Striding around to the bed behind Cedric, Cho ran her fingers over the various toys she had collected over her year at Hogwarts. With a sultry glance towards Harry, she settled on a rather thick and bulbous looking dildo, standing proudly at twelve inches, yet seemingly growing thicker with each inch that sank towards its base. Grabbing her wand, she effortlessly enchanted the dildo to soar through the air and position itself against Cedric's puckered asshole. "Show my friend here that you know how to ride a cock like a good little slut. Just like I taught you. If you miss a single beat, I'll make sure that it grows another inch longer… and another inch wider… Is that understood, fuck-pig?" Cho purred, dipping her hand into a deep bowl of warm oil. Wrapping her hand around the bulbous dildo, she lathered liberally with oil before manoeuvring it into position against his ass. Nodding, Cedric didn't need any further instruction. Slowly, he pushed his ass downwards, his entrance parting easily to allow the bulbous head of the fake cock into his ass. As soon as he had conquered that initial intrusion, he dropped his ass readily and swiftly, sliding every inch of the enormous length inside of him, his prostate getting sandwiched by the intruding length. Soft moans of pleasure escaped his lips as his ass pressed firmly against the ground, every rigid inch inside of himself. Dutifully, he began to lift his hips back up, drawing his ass up and down, drawing every inch in and out, keeping a steady and rhythmic pace without missing a single beat. The sight was quite enthralling, with every plastic inch stretching his ass to new levels, all the while his cock bounced wildly in front of him, pre-cum splattering across the floor and his chest. Moaning herself, Cho dropped a hand to her breast as she rose to her feet and made her way over to Harry. Massaging her tits, she then dropped her free hand down to panties, effortlessly peeling the fabric to one-side and letting her gorgeously thick cock spring forth, the rounded tip gleaming with pre-cum. She had already soaked through her panties with arousal as she waited for Harry to arrive, tentatively getting started with her evening of fun. Everything she had planned titillated her beyond belief, with her fantasies having never proven to be satisfying enough. Maybe now, with two cocks at her disposal, she'd be able to satiate her desires, "Now, my little fuck-pig. If you cum before I tell you, then you can say goodbye to touching my body for another week. If you cum, I'll make sure you watch as my friend fucks me every single day. Is that understood?" "Yes, mistress. I won't cum, mistress," Cedric whimpered as moans forced themselves out of his lips. The wet slapping of a cock pumping into an ass filled the room, with Cho mimicking the steady pounding of the dildo with her own cock, leisurely stroking her own cock to the rhythm that Cedric was following. Watching her boyfriend pound himself closer and closer to orgasm was one of the things she absolutely adored. The sight of his face contorting as he pushed himself harder down onto the rigid cock was simply sublime. And the way his cock reacted, twitching and spilling pre-cum, betraying how much he adored having a cock inside of him; that was the cherry on the cake. Harry watched on, a little confused as to what was happening and somewhat concerned for Cedric's wellbeing. Afterall, it could very well be likely that Cho had bound and forced him into this. Though Harry was somewhat unwilling to believe that Cho was able to do so. Even with her seductive allure. Regardless, he was rather tentative to get involved at all, worried that either he would get involved with something he really shouldn't be involved with, or he would end up in a similar position to Cedric, something which he very much did not want. Even in the name of experimenting. Hell, he'd be reserved about letting Ginny do any of this, which admittedly betrayed where he stood on Cho being a weird dominating girlfriend. "Good… Whilst, you do that… I'm going enjoy some time with my friend. Would you like you watch, fuck-pig?" Cho moaned, her hand resting on Harry's ass, gently fondling his bum as she waited for Cedric's response. Even Harry couldn't deny the fact that a girl like Cho simply squeezing his arse was enough to get his cock rock-hard within his jeans, throbbing and eager for more; even if his head was a little less enthusiastic. "Yes… Oh, god yes…" Cedric moaned, lifting and dropping his hips with renewed vigour, working the dildo in and out of himself with adept precision. It was quite impressive and obviously told of a degree of experience that he likely kept a secret for good reason. "What? Bitch?" Cho suddenly snapped, abandoning Harry's ass and cracking the whip along Cedric's jawline with equally concerning precision. Groaning, Cedric didn't miss a single beat, continuing to ride up and down with rhythmic purpose. Almost as if he was expecting to be whipped. Or he had been whipped so many times that it failed to impact his duties as a 'fuck-pig'. "Sorry… Yes, please, mistress. Please let me watch, mistress…" Cedric pleaded. With a smirk, Cho slid her wand out from between her breasts, turning to make sure that Harry got a good long look at her as she did it, offering him a salacious wink as she turned around and quick magicked the blindfold away from Cedric's eyes. Blinking and adjusting to the light, Cedric looked over at Harry and Cho, watching his girlfriend curl a hand around Harry's waist, pulling him nice and close. Before Cedric could say anything a red ball-gag wrapped itself around his head, the bulbous red gag pushing into his mouth, silencing him as he stared dumbfounded. Suddenly, Cedric began to struggle against the bonds, slowing his bouncing down to a halt. Stepping across the room, Cho snaked her hand through his hair, tugging his head sharply backwards. "Who did you think it was going to be. Now… be a good boy and sit there quietly whilst I have some fun. Unless… you'd like me to do something… harsher? Going… Start… fucking… that… boy… pussy… of… yours…" Cho moaned, grabbing her cock by the base and enunciating every word of her last sentence with a slap of her meaty cock against Cedric's face. There was a brief moment as the two stared at one another, before Cedric dutifully began to ease himself up and down the dildo, watching on as Cho bit her lip and turned towards Harry, "Now Cedric… Time for you to learn what a real man looks like…" "Cho… is he…" Harry began, only to have Cho silence him swiftly. One hand hooked around the waist of his jeans, dipping down and curving against his ass cheek, her delicate fingers resting against his skin. Her other hand pressed a finger against his lips. "Shush. Not a word… Just stand there and let me do the work," Cho murmured in his ear, whispering so softly that Cedric couldn't hear. As she pulled her lips away, she let a salacious smile stretch across her lips, almost as if she transformed into a different person in the few moments that her lips found his ear, "Now let me unwrap my present." Harry meant to protest more, but Cho's hands became incredibly active. Both of them slipped underneath his shirt, laying them flat against his stomach and sliding upwards, bringing his t-shirt with him. As she revealed his muscular stomach and chest, she turned back to Cedric as if to say 'look at what he's got' before turning back and leaning forwards. She pressed her lips against the middle of his chest, before sliding them towards one of his nipples, the bud already standing nice and hard in the cool air of the room. Breathing sharply inwards, Harry felt her worm and delicious tongue curl around his nipple, gently lathering it whilst flashing sultry eyes towards Cedric. Moaning loudly as she did so, she let her fingers continue to trace his abs, sliding up and down his body, groping him where she could. Finishing his nipple off with one last kiss, she pulled back and strutted around behind him, almost swing around his shoulders as if he were a pole. Her slender fingers hooked beneath his t-shirt and slowly pulled it up over his head, exposing his physique entirely. Staying behind him, Cho reached around and hooked her thumbs into the front of his jeans, pulling her body close to his as she did so. He could feel her soft, plump breasts pushing into his back. The tightness of her leather corset had meant that the simplest of pressure caused both of her breasts to burst into the open, her rock-hard nipples poking into his back. Harry could only imagine what they looked like completely exposed. Wanting to turn around, Harry almost forgot that the two of them weren't alone in the room, becoming somewhat entranced in the pseudo-romantic vibes that Cho was giving off as she ground her body against his, the head of her cock bouncing against his lower back. "Mmm… I can see that you're mouth is watering fuck-pig… Are you just as excited to see my friend's cock as I am?" Cho purred across the room, her lips nibbling on Harry's shoulder as she seductively plucked his belt open, unfurling it and watching as his jeans loosened, still catching on his hardened cock. Unbuttoning his fly, she inched the zipper steadily lower until his jeans finally slipped downwards. With a grin, she let them drop to the ground, his boxers being the only thing standing between her and his shaft. Hooking her fingers inside, she slowly and steadily inched them downwards, squatting down as she did so, letting his cock pop out in front of him, her hot breath emanating over his ass as she leant forwards and planted a kiss on each of his cheeks. Helping him out of his jeans and boxers, Cho finally strode around to the front of him and saw his cock exposed, moaning loudly as she did so. Harry was so consumed by the moment that he completely forgot this was the first time she had seen his cock, all though she vehemently acted as if it wasn't. Sliding down to her knees, she grabbed his cock by the base and pumped her hand along it, giggling excitedly as she did so, "See fuck-pig. My friend is already hard. I don't have to spend hours trying to get your pathetic limp dick hard enough to fuck me. This… This is what a real man's cock is like…" Before Harry could comment, Cho's plump and juicy lips had parted and clasped around the head of his cock. Gasping, Harry moaned as she swirled her talented slick tongue across his cock-head, lapping and licking it clean of any pre-cum that had seeped out and glossed over his throbbing flesh. Whilst her tongue was exceptional and the warmth of her mouth divine, it was the seemingly exaggerated moans of pure pleasure that reverberated through his cock, driven from the depths of Cho's core and muffled by his cock. Lathering his cock with saliva, she pushed her lips right down to the base, deepthroating his entire length in a single sudden push, his balls smacking heavily against her chin as she reached around and planted both of her hands on his ass cheeks. Using them to steady herself, she began to fuck her throat with his cock, encouraging him to move his hips to meet her plunging lips, something that he subconsciously did, loving the way that she used her tongue even with his cock was lodged deep within her throat. Even with her throat stuffed, she still managed to circle around his base, licking and tickling sensitive areas of his anatomy with the tip of her talented tongue. The slick and sloppy slaps of his cock plunging into her throat filled the room and Harry couldn't keep his eyes away from her. The sight of Cho Chang swallowing and gagging on his cock, eagerly impaling herself on his shaft, slobbering hungrily over his cock as if it was the most satisfying thing in the world, was more than enough to make him enthralled. Ignoring Cedric, her threaded a hand through her hair, grasping her head and watching as her eyes lit up with glee. She wanted it and she wanted it firmly. Not wanting to disappoint her and wanting to properly enjoy the clutching depths of her seemingly endless throat, Harry tightened his grasp on her head and drew his hips backwards, easing his cock slowly out, watching every glistening gleaming inch pass her perfectly formed lips, her large brown eyes staring up at him with desire and passion. Breathless and taken by that sight, Harry almost wanted time to stop. Even though she had been wildly throat-fucking herself, her immaculate round face remained untainted, her make-up still perfectly placed, not a single bead of saliva being smeared across her chin and cheeks. Regaining his composure, her slammed his hips forwards, immediately being rewarded by the deepest and most guttural groan of satisfaction he could have ever possibly felt. Moaning, Harry was conscious not to stop there and immediately lunged into a flurry of powerful thrusts, the slapping of his balls against her chin becoming the rhythm to which Cedric impaled his own ass across the room. Cho's hands had dropped to her cock and had begun wildly jerking herself off, pre-cum smearing across her hands as she allowed her throat to be used like sex-toy. His cock pounded and bulged against her throat, filling her to the brim, pre-cum pouring down her throat. Moans filled the room, with muffled grunts of satisfaction escaping Cedric's ball-gagged mouth and euphoric squeals of orgasmic delight echoed from Cho's cock-stuffed mouth. Tiring out, Harry drew to a halt, letting Cho take control back. Plucking her lips from his cock, she breathed deeply, grinning lustfully as her hands leapt from her cock to his, grabbing it with both hands and pumping it firmly. Her lips instead found another place to occupy themselves, latching onto his balls and smothering them with saliva, licking and suckling on with equal passion. When they were rendered as glistening and gleaming as his cock, she returned for one last plunge along his cock, swallowing his length right down to the base and smothering her nose in the tufts of hair above his crotch. Savouring the feeling of his balls against her chin, the throbbing nature of having her throat stuffed the brim. Nothing could make Cho happier. Moaning loudly enough that Cedric could hear from across the room, she finally drew her lips backwards, popping them away from his cock. Whilst she was done deepthroating his length, she certainly wasn't done with the passionate display of horny desire. Not in the slightest. Standing upright, she pushed her crotch forwards, her cock bouncing against Harry's slickened shaft. Her hand dropped to their cocks, pinning them tightly together, sandwiching their thick and heavy cocks together. Moaning as they throbbed against one another, Harry felt her hand begin to stroke along both their lengths, Cho's hips gently beginning to ease back and forth, grinding their shafts firmly together. And then came another surprise. Cho's free hand grasped the back of Harry's neck and pulled his head towards hers. Before he knew it, his lips had met hers, their mouths pressed firmly together in a sumptuous kiss. Their moans were lost amidst the embrace, their lips parting slightly to allow their ravenous tongues access, each of them darting and ducking, exploring the untold depths of each of their throats. Harry, having been stood there motionless finally took action, reaching forwards and grabbing Cho by the waist. Pulling her towards him, he tightened their bodies together, their cocks sliding up against the stomachs, pinned together in a tight pocket. Giggling slightly as Harry sank his hand into her ass, pawing at her rounded cheeks, she redoubled her interest in their kiss, the heat of their mouths increasing as their bodies ground closer and closer, Harry completely oblivious to third figure in the room, looking on as his girlfriend snogged someone else, his steady riding of the rigid plastic cock grinding briefly to a halt before dutifully resuming. With a smirk, Cho pulled her lips away from Harry's, grinning wildly as Harry stared at her, completely and utterly enamoured by the delectably intense moment. Smiling, Cho murmured, "Looks like we got a little carried away with ourselves, didn't we?" "Yeah… I guess so…" Harry breathed, his hand unable to stop squeezing the rounded rear of the Asian beauty. Pulling away, Cho turned towards Cedric, snapping Harry out of his haze and bringing a red tinge to his cheeks as he remembered the audience they had. "We've been neglecting our guest, now haven't we? Then again, I suppose you're the actual guest… Which means… My fuck-pig here should give you a proper welcome, shouldn't he?" Cho said with a grin, turning around and gesturing for Harry to come closer. Tentatively, Harry did just that, reminding himself of the sublime pleasure of Cho's throat and the prospect of anything more. Snaking a hand around his waist, she ushered him close and into position. Unfastening the ball-gag around Cedric's mouth, Cho held her whip just close enough to remind him of his place, assuring his silence. Grabbing Harry's cock by the base, Cho gently smacked his glistening cock-head against Cedric's lips, smearing pre-cum and saliva across his mouth. Before Cedric could open his mouth to accept Harry's cock, Cho stopped, letting Harry's cock flop back down between his thighs, "No… How could I… My friend's cock is too good for a fuck-pig like you. No… You'll just have to welcome him in a way more befitting of your… pathetic nature, hmm?" A little confused, Harry quickly realised what she meant as she got him to turn around, presenting his tight, toned ass cheeks to Cedric. Expecting some kind of reaction from Cedric, Harry was immediately surprised to hear the same steady and rhythmic slapping of the dildo in Cedric's ass. Suddenly, he felt a tongue pushing forwards between his ass cheeks, and without warning, Cedric lunging into an intense and hungry Rimjob. Taking aback, Harry almost staggered forwards, but was stopped by Cho stepping in front of him and once again sandwiching their cocks together, thrusting back and forth, adding the sumptuous friction of their dual-handjob to what promised to be amazing experience. Cedric's tongue pushed instantly into Harry's ass, the black-haired boy's experience in anal ultimately being to blame. Regardless, his tongue wove deep inside, curling to find his prostate, stretching and wriggling in order to drive as much pleasure through Harry's body. Moans shuddered through his body as the dildo lodged in Cedric's ass began to force him closer and closer to his own orgasm. Driven to make Harry cum, Cedric arched his tongue and buried his face entirely between Harry's ass cheeks, managing to get to his prostate and lather it with as much movement as possible, weaving his tongue back and forth, darting up and down, massaging the incredibly sensitive bead of pure heavenly pleasure. Harry couldn't deny that Cedric was exceptionally good at what he was doing, evidently having performed such ravenous actions on Cho's arse many times. A part of Harry wanted Cho to bend over and present her ass to him, allowing him to relish such a delight, but instead he made do with the grinding of her cock against his, her bulging breasts spilling across his chest, their hot euphoric breaths intermingling with one another, as they both drove themselves closer and closer to orgasm. All three of them were teetering on the edge, yet there was only one who buckled first, ultimately making the situation all the more humiliating for them. "Uh oh… It looks like my little fuck-pig has gone and gotten ahead of himself," Cho laughed, pulling away from Harry and causing him to stagger forwards, no longer able to use her for support. Turning around, Harry was just in time to see Cedric's cock spasming and spurting the last couple drops of cum out onto the floor, his body gleaming with sweat, the Hufflepuff exhausted from having to hold out for so long, "Well… I suppose that means the you have to be punished. And what better punishment than having to watch what I do every single night after you fall asleep. I want you to lay on the bed. Go. Before I decide on something harsher." Rolling onto his side, Cedric let the well-used dildo slip out of himself and drop to the floor. Shuffling towards the bed, he hauled himself up on top, collapsing breathlessly onto its surface, somewhat relieved to have a chance to relax. Cho was quick to join him, straddling his face, her cock smacking him several times as she positioned herself with her head facing his cock. Unsure what he was meant to do, Harry saw Cho gestured for him to come over to the bed, motioning with a single finger. She continued to do so until Harry was close enough that her lips almost touched his ear, and then, in a loud whisper, loud enough for Cedric to hear, she purred, "Fuck me like you do every night. Show him how a real man fucks his woman…" Harry's breath caught in his throat as he pulled away, the salacious grin on Cho's face doing nothing short of spur him on. The whole situation still got under Harry's skin somewhat, yet the alluring prospect of being openly told to fuck Cho Chang in the ass was something he couldn't ignore. How many times had he watched her slim and slender legs walk past him in the hallway, prompting his eyes to follow her as she went, ogling that round and juicy rear as it sidled away? How many times had he fantasied about her spread those plump cheeks apart and beckoning him closer, begging him to pound her again and again, to fuck her ass until she couldn't walk straight? How many perverse thoughts had he spared for her ass and all the things he could possibly do to it? And her she was, doing just what he had always dreamed of; begging him to fuck her ass. Begging may have been an exaggeration, yet Harry couldn't help such stretching of the truth. He could see her ass, framed perfectly by the tight thong that still flossed between those cheeks. Every sensible bone in his body felt wrong about this situation, about Cho's treatment of Cedric and the blurred lines between what was consent and not. But how could he pass up such an opportunity. Positioning himself behind her round ass, he glanced down, seeing Cedric's helpless face staring up at him between her thighs. Even that wasn't enough to dissuade him from shuffling forwards and laying his hand on the small of her back, his other hand grabbing the base of his cock, Harry ready to fulfil one of his most perverse fantasies. Pushing the tip between her curvaceous cheeks, Harry let out a soft moan. Even the soft warmth of her ass cheeks was pleasurable. Continuing forwards, Harry found Cho's tight and puckered asshole, tentatively pushing against her unflinching entrance. Given the dynamic of Cho and Cedric's relationship, Cho's arse wasn't nearly as loose as his, requiring Harry to put in a little effort, her tight hole almost fighting back. Eventually, he found the angle and managed to ease forwards, eliciting a deep groan of satisfaction from both him and Cho. A couple inches instinctively found themselves inside of her rear, with Harry resting his second hand on her hip, sinking his thumb into her juicy ass cheeks. Taking a moment to simply enjoy the newfound tightness and the surprising clutching nature of her buxom arse, Harry then began to ease himself forwards, sliding every inch of his cock inside the enticing hole, moaning as he did so. It didn't take long, even with Cho's exceptional tightness, for his cock to bottom out, his wiry pubic hair nestled against her bum cheeks, his heavy swinging balls smacking against hers. It was at that moment he felt something familiar graze against his balls. A quick glance down and he spied Cedric's lips pressing against his sack, his tongue darting swiftly between his and Cho's balls, lathering them both to a slick and shimmering gleam, the wet smacking of his hungry lips mimicking the slapping of sumptuous flesh from Harry and Cho. With his cock inside of her, Harry began to pull back, knowing full well that he intended to fuck Cho's ass with passion and intensity. He got the vibe from her that she wanted power and impact, and Harry was more than willing to provide. Pulling his hips back all the way, his hands grabbed her waist and eased her forwards. Thrusting forwards suddenly, Harry drew her ass backwards onto his thrust, the resounding slap filling the room and sending shivers through both their bodies. Cho let out a squeal of pleasure, moaning intensely as a wiggled her arse at Harry, her cock smacking across Cedric's face, his lips trying and failing to keep up with the new swift and powerful movement of Harry's cock. With that first thrust, Harry set a clear and powerful precedent for how hard he was going to hammer into her ass. Now, he needed to set a pace. Starting a little slower than he intended, he built steadily upwards, making sure that he didn't bounce out of Cho's ass. Each long and powerful thrust reverberated through her body, her breasts bouncing and jiggling beneath her, as ripples pulsed through her round ass cheeks. Mauling her ass cheeks with his hands, he squeezed and fondled them, using them to pull her ass back, leaving bright hand prints in her flesh as she began to force herself backwards onto Harry's cock, jamming him deeper and deeper inside of herself. The way his fat cock squeezed and milked her prostate, her cock leaking like a fountain onto Cedric's face, his lips continuing to smacked and battered by the swinging of Harry's balls. Breathing heavily, Harry sped up, sawing his hips back and forth, grinding himself against her ass cheeks and making sure each thrust drove pleasure as deep into Cho's ass as possible. Not wanting to close his eyes, Harry relished every single moment. Her tightness, her clutching warmth, the shaking of her body, the squealing of sounds of satisfaction, the way she glanced over shoulder, licking her lips like a hungry sexual animal. All of it was beyond belief. "Fuck me! Harder! Oh, fuck yes! This is best fuck I've had in years! Fuck my fucking ass!" She bellowed out, gritting her teeth and slamming her ass back onto Harry's cock, begging for him to fuck her with more intensity. Before he could do just that, however, she used her leg to push him to one side, causing him to flop backwards onto the bed. Seamlessly and without his cock escaping her ass, she rolled on top of him, abandoning Cedric entirely and slamming her ass down onto his cock. Cedric, like a dutiful little fuck-pig crawled around behind her, burying his tongue between her ever moving ass cheeks, adding what little lubrication he could to her ass as Harry pounded her. Grabbing her hips, Harry helped her drop herself down, aiding her in getting his cock deep inside herself from this new angle. Her breasts were flailing wildly as she bounced on top of him, her ass cheeks clapping together with rhythmic intensity, smothering Cedric in-between. The new position allowed Cho's ass to tighten and clamp down on Harry's cock, clenching deliciously around his entire length whenever she dropped her hips and impaled herself again. Bouncing around in front of her, her cock sprayed pre-cum across Harry's stomach, yet he didn't mind in the slightest. Her hand stroked herself off, squeezing and milking her cock as she kept the pace perfectly, never missing a beat or failing to slide every inch of his cock out of herself. However, she wasn't satisfied. Not properly. Just as quickly as they had changed position, Cho had disappeared from on top of Harry. Without words, she grabbed Cedric by the scruff of his hair and dragged him up onto the bed, forcing him to straddle Harry. Not able to get a word in edgeways, Harry had his voice stolen from him as his cock once again found the tightness of a puckered asshole, but it wasn't Cho's. Cedric's ass clamped down around his cock and the boy dutifully began to ride him, easing himself up and down, his cock leaking onto Harry's stomach as Cho's had done moments before. A hand grabbed the back of Cedric's head and pushed his face firmly into the sheets beside Harry's head, muffling any sounds the boy made with the bed covers. Harry watched as Cho came up behind Cedric, grabbing her cock and pushing It up against Cedric's cock-stuffed ass. Any protestation that Harry would have given about this position fled from his mind as he reclined into the bed and enjoyed the feeling of Cedric's ass rapidly tightening around his cock as his hole was stretched to new extremes, double-stuffed with cock. It took only a couple seconds for Cho's cock to sink inside, her balls hitting against Cedric's ass. Her cock was barely inside of him before she launched into a flurry of swift and powerful thrusts, managing to both out-pace and out-power Harry's previous demonstration. Unable to complain as his mind was swallowed up by pure pleasure, pleasure that was compounded by the constant shifting pressure of both Cedric's arse and Cho's slippery cock. Moaning in euphoria, Harry watched the gorgeous sight of Cho Chang hammering into Cedric's ass, pounding away as if she owned his tight little hole. He could hear every muffled sound that Cedric was making, as well as feel his rising chest and laboured breathing against his own. It didn't matter to Harry as the pleasure more than made up for it. And after a night of undoubtedly pleasurable bliss, Harry felt his orgasm finally sweep over him. He was powerless to both stop his orgasm or direct it, being forced to simply pump Cedric's ass full of cum, with strand after strand painting his tight insides. Moaning loudly, the increased warmth and slickness of Cedric's entrance betrayed to Cho the fact that Harry had cum. She didn't mind as she was close to cumming herself. In fact, she had been explicitly holding off for as long as possible, wanting to maintain her pseudo dominance through the display of her stamina. With Harry having unloaded into his ass, Cho slammed forward a couple more times before letting out a deep growl of pleasure, her own cock spasming against Harry's softened cock, spraying copious amounts of cum into Cedric's arse, filling what little space he had left with her seed before pulling her cock out and forcing Cedric to roll off of Harry. Breathless, Cedric lay there, silently staring up at the roof as he did so. Rising up, Harry staggered to his feet, propping himself up against a wall as Cho rolled away and strode across the room. Before Harry could contemplate what was happening, she returned to him and forced a rather macabre looking whip into his hand. It had several long tendrils, each of them equipped with knotted straps of leather, "Punish our fuck-pig for making us cum to, early will you?" "I'm sorry, what?" Harry breathed, holding the strangely heavy whip in his hand and looking over at the defenceless Hufflepuff, his hands still remaining tied behind his back, his eyes widening at the prospect of such a brutish treatment. "You heard me. Punish our fuck-pug for making us cum to early. Fucking pig deserves it. I want to see some bruises by the time your done. Don't go softly," Cho smiled sweetly, gently brushing her hand through Harry's hair as she strode over to a chair and sank down into it to watch. Glancing back and forth between Cedric and Cho, Harry couldn't quite believe it. It was somewhat easy to just ignore the rather sharp cracks of Cho's whip when she was the one doing it. But having a whip in his hand and being told to do it himself was simply too much. "Erm… I don't… I don't… Yeah, I'm gonna go," Harry stammered, dropping the whip and quickly collecting up his clothes. Stuffing them underneath his arms, he quickly made his way to the doorway, ducking out into the corridor, his eyes wide with discomfort. "Wait! Harry, wait!" Cho called out, not immediately rushing out and after him. Quickly pulling his jeans on, Harry grabbed his t-shirt, getting ready to put it on, when he turned to look back at the doorway. Almost immediately, both Cho and Cedric appeared in the doorway, the latter untied and standing relatively straight for what had just happened. Cho smiled, her cheeks growing a tinge of red as the familiar shyness of her usual self, appeared, "Was the whip too much for your first time? Sorry, I kinda forgot. We were going to actually talk to you before getting you to join in with the hands-on stuff…" "Wait… You were into it?" Harry exclaimed, turning to Cedric who casually scratched the back of his head, realising now that it would have been much more prudent to brief Harry beforehand. However, that would have led to the risk of him not even joining them or spread rumours around. On both hands there was considerable risk. "Yeah… Probably should have mentioned that," Cedric chuckled as he stepped out into the corridor, wrapping an arm around Cho's waist and pulling her close, the two of them smiling widely as their bodies pressed tighter together. Completely taken aback by the revelation, Harry was simply astounded that Cedric found such a rough and brutal experience as sexually gratifying. "It's a little role-play, isn't it. Power play. We spent pretty much the entire night coming up with characters and stuff. We've always wanted to expand it beyond just the two of us," Cho explained, shedding a little more light on the situation. Not enough that Harry still wasn't confused. "So, you like that? You like being dominated. Well, you're not really being dominated," Harry asked as he looked quizzically on. "Well, not technically I suppose. Listen, I don't suppose you'd mind not telling anyone about tonight. It really was just like a joint fantasy thing. We were both a little nervous about asking anyone, but…" Cedric asked, letting his voice go a little lower, subconsciously concerned about the fact that someone might hear him saying what he was saying, "I mean everyone has their weird fantasy, right? I'd rather not have everyone knowing about it. There are enough rumours going around about us…" "Yeah. I wasn't really… Well, I was going to tell someone, but that… that was before I knew it was… you were into it. I'll tell no one," Harry clarified, knowing full well that he would undoubtedly be telling Ginny ever intimate detail about this evening. "Good. That means that… maybe you'd like to join us again?" Cho stammered suddenly and rather boldly, taking both Cedric and Harry by surprise. Truth be told, Harry now looked back on this evening with a degree of warmth, given the fact that Cedric had now quenched any fears at all that this was some weird sex-cult fuelled by a domineering dominatrix. The prospect of replicating the evening and expanding on it not only seemed appealing, but genuinely stoked curiosity in Harry, his cock gently quivering at the mere thought. "Cho!" Cedric interjected, worried that she was taking a step too far. Rather selfishly, he wasn't concerned that she was asking, but rather that she might be blowing any opportunity for Harry to join them again by being so forward with their shared intentions. "Oh, come Cedric. You can't tell me that wasn't amazing. You can blush all you want, but it's the truth," Cho smiled, latching her hands around Cedric's neck and pulling him closer, their bodies grinding sumptuously against one another, with Cho's breasts spilling across Cedric's chest, their soft pliability causing Harry to take note. "And I thought you were the shy one. Always saying that you couldn't possibly ask him to join us," Cedric teased, seemingly forgetting that Harry was standing there and pulling his girlfriend closer, not really caring that they were still entertaining an audience. "Well, now that we've… you know… done it… It's less weird," Cho blushed, her more furtive nature finally taking hold as Cedric openly called her out, still grinning ear to ear. It was honestly a little heart-warming Harry thought, even though he felt like an awkward outsider. "And you're still not able to say 'sex' in front of people. I love it," Cedric teased, stealing away a quick kiss from her as she giggled. Pulling away from Cedric, Cho turned to Harry rather expectantly, suddenly reminding Harry that they were both aware of his presence. "So, what do you say? We could come up with a whole little character thing. Really pen you down as the fuck-buddy best-friend sort of thing? You could be Cedric's 'best-friend' from high-school. Get a real scandalous vibe going," Cho suggested, already working out some perverse form of head-canon within her sexual deviant role-play and becoming considerably less shy about discussing it. "You two are really into this aren't you?" Harry smirked, causing the two of them to blush as they nodded in agreement. Harry supposed he could relate. He would be lying if he hadn't had his own perverse ideas about the sexual antics he and Ginny could get up to. Though in his case, he didn't really have to enact anything as he was largely driven into circumstantial situations born entirely of coincidence. His time with Fleur, Gabrielle and her mother all began with a wayward decision to save the youngest Delacour from drowning. Who was he to judge how Cedric and Cho got their kicks. "It's as Cedric said. Everyone has their weird little fantasy. The one that will almost never come true. Sometimes, you just got to find someone willing to pretend," Cho smirked, turning towards Cedric and pulling him towards her for a kiss, their tongues battling intensely. Just from that kiss alone, Harry could see the spark between them, the passion that was lacking in the kiss that he and Cho shared during their session. It was almost a bitter-sweet moment, hammering home the fact that his crush on Cho was never going to ignite into anything. Then again, the intensity reminded him of Ginny, and the moments of passion they shared together. "I'm up for it, yeah. Just let me know when and where. I'll… I'll leave you two to it…" Harry smirked as Cho practically dragged Cedric back into the small bedroom, throwing him firmly backwards onto the bed. Harry could hear her giggling as she mounted him, the two erupting into lustful moans as the creaking of the bed burst into life. The fact that they could go from rough, domineering sex, bordering on cucking, to intimate love-making was a testament to their relationship if anything else. Pulling his t-shirt on, Harry let a final smirk crack across his lips before he turned and left the corridor, the rhythmic pounding of their sweat glistened bodies echoing in his ears. (Summary for those not interested in gay content: Cedric invites Harry for pre-mentioned threesome. Harry is introduced to Cho and Cedric's BDSM tendencies and extreme dominating role-play. The strength of Cho/Cedric's relationship reaffirmed at the end. Hints of Harry/Cho future relationship.) Author's Note: Hope you enjoyed that. I figured given the how the fourth book ends, it was only fair that we give Cho and Cedric some time in the lime-light whilst also setting the groundwork for her and Harry's relationship/friendship going forwards. And I wanted to do something a little kinkier. I know it won't be everyone's cup of tea, but I had fun writing it, so sue me. As always, reviews are much appreciated. The next chapter is already written at the point where this uploaded, so come back in one week to read the third last instalment of this story. In that chapter, we see a bunch of different characters preparing on the morning of the Third Task. It will essentially be wrapping up a couple plot-threads and getting everything in place for the final two chapters. Till next time!
Author's Note: Another week and yet another chapter. I promised it so here it is. We're getting very close to the end of the story and it is safe to say that things will be getting interesting to say the least. This chapter will see our Champions/Main characters preparing on the morning of the Third Task and will be incredibly salacious to boot. I don't really have much else to say other than ask you to review and enjoy! Chapter 48: The Morning Of… The day had finally come. Everything that year had been building to the third and final task. The past few weeks had been amongst the most hectic Harry had ever lived through, with constant pressure from Hermione to plan and prepare himself coupled with the ever-looming date itself. And now, it was finally here. And it was safe to say that Harry was massively underprepared. He had spent the previous evening in the common room, pouring over book after book of spells, aided in part by Hermione, Ron and Ginny. Ron had been the first to call it quits, making his way up to bed, whilst Hermione and Ginny had survived a little longer. But even they began to feel the fatigue, with Ginny leaving to get some sleep promising first that she would come to find Harry before the beginning of the task to relieve any stress he was feeling. Somewhat comforted by that fact, he returned with renewed vigour only to have Hermione slip away at some point. Harry was either to tired or too focussed to notice her wish him luck before making her way upstairs. He was so consumed at that moment that he didn't even notice her going up the stairs to the boy's dorm as opposed to the girls. Continuing into the night, he quickly found that he was wasting his time, ultimately succumbing to his slumber past midnight, collapsing into an open book and wasting away the rest of the night, sleeping. Awoken the next morning by the usual hustle and bustle, he was quickly met with well-wishes and good-lucks from his house-mates, sentiments he met with groggy acknowledgement. Sweeping up his books, he tucked them inside his bag and made his way up to his dorm, hazily pushing open the door. He was suddenly jolted awake by the sudden squeal from one of the beds. Jumping backwards, he went for his wand, only to immediately relax as he noticed who it had come from. The room was empty, with Neville, Dean and Seamus having already passed Harry, leaving Ron as the only occupant. Well, only male occupant. Curled next to him in his bed, the sheets clumsily pulled over her in a vain attempt to hide what Harry had not only already seen but intimately explored, was Hermione. As soon as Hermione noticed who it was, she relaxed, throwing the covers back to reveal her hand busily working its way up and down Ron's cock, steadily jerking him off as her own cock throbbed between her thighs. Silently blushing a deep red, Ron tried to urge her to stop, the boy still not comfortable with being both naked, aroused and played with in front of his best-friend. Harry still found it a little weird but had been party to much stranger sexual antics that year that seeing his friend's cock in the hand of his other friend was hardly disquieting. Her hand continuing to work along Ron's cock, she turned to Harry to converse, something that made Ron even more uncomfortable. Not that he was going to stop her from jerking him off. He wasn't as foolish as to attempt that. Smiling, Hermione asked, "Did you get much done last night?" "Before or after you snuck off to join Ron for some fun?" Harry groaned, dropping his bag next to his bed and wiping the sleep away from his eyes before realising something. It had been long before he had laid eyes on his two best-friends naked that his trousers were bulging, yet it was only now that he had realised it. At Hermione's behest, Ginny had somehow been convinced that holding sex above Harry was the prime way to convince him to prepare for the final task, and so, Harry had been without any proper sexual fun for nearly a week now. He had thought that Ginny would be equally encouraged to help him with his studying so they could resume, but quickly realised that all she had to do was glance waywardly in Luna's direction and all her sexual desires would be fulfilled. It didn't help that Luna had also been convinced by Hermione to force Harry's abstinence. However, Ginny had promised she'd be around before the beginning of the final task to aid in his relief, so he would be clear-headed for the task. However, he wasn't liking just how close the final task was getting without him being in proper fighting form, to the point where he was almost convinced to ask Hermione if he could join with her and Ron, but quickly decided against giving his redheaded friend a heart attack. "I didn't sneak off for fun. It would have been impossible. Seamus, Dean and Neville were in here. And if Seamus caught the faintest whiff of anything remotely sexual happening in his vicinity, he would be regaling everyone at breakfast about how he caught Ron and Hermione having sex. No doubt with some exaggerated nonsense about us begging him to join in," Hermione groaned, obviously frustrated about the rather reserved evening she spent with Ron. "Either way, to answer your question, no. Maybe I did get something done last night but I have completely forgotten if I have. And the task begins in a couple hours. I'm screwed," Harry groaned, flopping backwards on his bed as Hermione encouraged Ron to drop his hand to her cock, wanting to get some pleasure out of his stunted and nervous movements. "You'll be fine. Besides, you never cared about winning. Just get through it," Hermione smiled softly, letting out a moan as Ron began to stroke her cock, begrudgingly starting to engage with her sexual appetite in the company of his friend. With a groan Harry began to pull his t-shirt off, quickly followed by him removing his jeans. Ron began to panic, concerned his friend was about to join in whilst Hermione watched eagerly. Unfortunately for her, Harry had no perverse intentions, even as he wrestled his hardened cock out of his jeans. Instead, he reached into his trunk and pulled out the clothes he had been provided for the third task. Pulling them on, he did his best to hide his hard cock, tucking it into the waist-band of his trousers before threading his wand into his pocket. "Yeah. I'll just focus on not dying. Its as easy as that. I need to go find Ginny before anything. I'll leave you two to your fun," Harry smirked, making his way towards the door, stopping before he did and backtracking to one of the nearby empty beds. Grabbing a misplaced wand from its surface, Harry held it up before closing the door behind him, "To save you Neville interrupting." "You really need to loosen up Ron. You've had sex with people other than me. You've been naked with people other than me. What's so weird about being naked around Harry? Do you really think he cares about seeing your dick? Its hardly the first one he's seen. I can attest to that," Hermione giggled, sliding a little down Ron's body, her free hand cupping Ron's balls as she brought her lips towards his cock. Before he could say anything, she parted her lips and took his cock into her mouth, her tongue curling and lathering across his bulbous tip, smothering it in saliva as she sapped it clean of all pre-cum, moaning hungrily as she did so, the taste still being enough to incite boundless pleasure in her experienced and horny body. As she clambered over his legs, resting in between them on her stomach, her cock sandwiched beneath her against her stomach and the bed, she began to gently rock her hips back and forth, lightly fucking the bed beneath her, relishing and enjoying the simple friction whilst she gorged herself on her more treat. Breathing steadily, Ron began to warm up as his cock plunged in and out of Hermione's all too able throat, his mind wandering back to the start of the year when his cock made her gag and splutter wildly. Now, she could inhale it with ease, plunging her nose into the wild tufts of hair, feeling his churning balls against her chin as he bulged in her throat, his shaft swelling with her mouth, stretching her lips. She might be able to take it with ease, but it didn't mean that her body didn't have to stretch to accommodate it. "He's like a brother. It's just a little weird," Ron explained, gently thrusting upwards, meeting Hermione's slick throat with his own push, allowing a newer and more sumptuous depth to be captured. Plucking her lips from his cock, she effortlessly pushed her hips backwards, Ron immediately understanding what she wanted. Rocking onto his back, he presented his asshole to her, his hand clasping his slickened cock as she went to work on attacking a different, more sensitive spot. But not before saying. "What about Ginny? She's your actual family but you…" Hermione began, laying her tongue against his asshole whilst she spread his cheeks apart, flicking the tip back and forth as she worked as much saliva as she could across his asshole, only to realise her mistake as Ron interrupted her. Working her tongue easily in towards his asshole, she spoke her words in-between feverishly wild movements of her tongue, ducking and diving within his well-fucked ass. Everytime she found herself down her, she too couldn't help but think back to the beginning of the year when she had to fight to bury herself in his ass. Now his rear end was hungry for her cock, desperate to have her balls-deep inside if his sumptuous hole. Moaning as she pushed her tongue further inside, occasionally darting back to utter an additional word to her sentence, only getting so far in devouring her boyfriend's arse with a hungry and ravenous tongue before she was cut off. She didn't even notice properly at first, her tongue buried so deep inside of his ass that she was simply enjoying the delightful pressure of her tongue being drawn deeper as she lubricated his arse for what was to follow. Both of them had done this enough to know what was going to occur. She may have sucked his cock, but that was more of a personal pleasure for her, with her infatuation for suckling on cock. But her working her tongue so diligently into his ass meant only one thing. She would swiftly be pushing herself inside of his arse and pounding away contently. Ron didn't even mind. He had come to welcome his position, enjoying the intimate embrace regardless of how others considered it somewhat… demeaning. "How do you know about that?" He said suddenly, catching Hermione of guard as she realised what she had ultimately done wrong. Her tongue was sunk deep inside his ass, his wriggling movements immediately ceasing. He had never told her about him fucking Ginny. In fact, no one had ever told her about that. She had learnt about what had occurred via her notebook. Frozen in place, worried that she was about to be called out, Ron fortunately gave her a way out. Sighing, he threw his head back against the pillow, "She told you, didn't she?" "Yes. All I'm saying is that sex doesn't have to mean anything sometimes. It can be with whomever, whenever," Hermione began, pulling her tongue backwards and spitting one last time onto his ass. Rising onto her knees, she shuffled forwards, ignoring the wet patch on his sheets from where she had been grinding her cock. Guiding her cock towards his ass, she smeared the mouthful of saliva back and forth before sinking her cock inside of him, the two of them groaning in unison as she pushed his hips backwards, leaning over him, her lips lingering near his as their lustful looks of pure desire intensified, a grin of deviant sexual lust stretching across her face as she leant in close and murmured in a low, salacious voice, "All that matters is that you find someone with whom sex actually means something. Someone… special…" "Well… Maybe I can open up a little…" Ron smirked, hooking his legs around Hermione's waist and pulling her closer, sinking the rest of her cock deep inside of him, the two of them groaning in unison as the sumptuous pleasure of the other's body drove them wildly horny, the words they shared being more than meaningful for them. However, meaning in the face of pleasure wasn't going to stop them. With a smirk, Ron stole a brief kiss from Hermione, before moaning, "But we really ought to be quick. We can't rule out the chance that Neville has forgotten more than just his wand." "Quick? I'll remind you that you said that when you can't walk straight or sit down properly for the rest of the day," Hermione giggled, pushing him against the bed by his shoulders before drawing her hips all the way back, lingering just as her bulbous cock-head remained lodged inside of his tight, clutching rear entrance. "Oh? Are you finally going to put some effort in?" Ron teased, watching a grin flare up on Hermione's lips as she bit her lip suggestively. Before he could say anything else, she hammered her hips downwards, slamming every inch of her thick and veiny cock inside of Ron's tight ass, silencing anything he had to say and driving sumptuous moans out of both his mouth and her own "You are treading on some thin ice. Especially for someone with my cock up their arse…" She purred playfully as she gently bit on his earlobe, pulling on it until it pinged back into place, her hips already drawing back and forth, faster than before, jack-hammering her cock into the willing receptacle that was Ron's asshole. The sound of their bodies colliding, the slick slapping of flesh, and their steadily increasing moans began to grow so loud in combination that they worried they would draw attention from downstairs. Yet, they didn't worry for long, as the pleasure of their bodies writhing in unison, Hermione's cock filling his ass again and again, plugging him up with increased intensity and power, was more than enough to cloud their minds so that they could think of nothing else other than their impending orgasms. Shuddering pleasure coursed through their bodies as they fucked, grinding their bodies together, their hot salacious breath intermingling as they grew more and more heated. Her balls pounded against his ass cheeks, her cock gliding effortlessly through his once tight and puckered hole, hammering harder and harder with each thrust. Her breathing grew laboured as she continued, knowing full well that her stamina wouldn't last long, her and Ron's bodies already beginning to gleam with a thin layer of sweat as they worked harder and harder. It was worth it however. The pleasure intensified with each push, the power and raw impact serving to make one of the most intense sessions of love-making they had ever had. Their lips occasionally brushed against one another's, the two share a fleeting kiss until the impact of Hermione's thrusts ultimately shook them apart, the two burying their constant moans in the shoulders of the other. Their moans shuddered from their cores as Ron was stuffed to the brim, his tightening hole clutching around her cock. His once hard cock had begun to soften in his hand, his grasp only serving to squeeze pre-cum onto his belly. He hadn't cum, but the sheer intensity of the pleasure was messing with his senses, his head swimming with the contrasting pleasures of being filled and then empty of cock. It was sublime to say the least. One moment, his prostate was sandwiched by her cock, pumping pleasure through his body, and the next it was free to breathe, the relief from the sudden burst of intensity serving to be immensely pleasurable in and off itself. As much as both of them would have loved to turn their morning foray into a whole day extravaganza of perverse sexual gymnastics, their entire night had been spent with their hard and horny bodies pressed together, unable to enjoy themselves due to their additional slumbering company. As such, their orgasms were pent-up and ready to go. The sheer intensity of their fucking only served to bring them as close to orgasm as possible. Slamming together, they let out a deep gasp and groan as Hermione's cock began to shiver inside of Ron. Unable to hold herself back, she allowed copious amounts of cum to spill into her boyfriend's ass, pumping her cock back and forth several times in order to drain herself empty, her balls completely spilled into his ass. The sensation of cum splashing inside him was one he was all too familiar with, with that ultimately triggering his own orgasm which sprayed out of his cock and onto his stomach and Hermione's breasts, the two of their bodies quickly becoming sandwiched together as Hermione dropped to draw him into a deep and intense kiss, their tongues battling as their slick bodies pressed together, their softening cocks pinned tightly in place as their moans died down to mere laboured breathing and excited grins. It didn't take much time for them to clean up and pull clothes on before disappearing down the stairs, leaving the rest of their dorm oblivious to their night-time antics and setting the dangerous presumption that they could get away with it more often than they usually did. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Black and green lace, or silver and black satin? Draco? What do you think?" Pansy asked, turning around to see her disinterested, pseudo-boyfriend pouring through a small book, trying his best to ignore her. Pansy was about to call out and ask again with a sharper and more pointed tone, but quickly stopped herself, reminding herself that she was in no position to play the frustrated girlfriend. This were still tender given how their relationship took a turn due to Pansy's oversight. Despite Draco's rather firm and disciplined treatment of her as a result and the degrading lengths she went to in order to earn his trust, she was still somewhat faithful to him. She had expected Draco to throw her to the side and brand her a traitor, yet he wasn't so quick as to throw away his most readily available fuck-toy. The past few weeks of their relationship had been defined by her following him around, trying to spark conversation whilst he brushed her to the side, all ultimately culminating in her sucking and fucking him. If anything, it proved how dysfunctional their relationship was. She clung to him desperately for admiration, yet all he did was fuck her and placidly respond to questions she threw his way. It was getting somewhat better. Less and less did he opt to leave her in abject silence and instead he spoke to her, albeit still clinging to a degree of annoyance with her. She couldn't quite understand why this ring was so important to him of all things. Sure, his cock was tiny compared to what the ring could provide but given the only person he ever fucked was her and she was plenty satisfied by it, there was no reason for him to be so dogged in his desire to get it. Regardless, she couldn't bring that up and instead worked desperately to find the ring and retrieve it, going so far as to stalk the trio who took it from her. They were, however, very coveted in where they kept it, not divulging it in any obvious way. "The lace ones," Draco called out, not looking up from his book. Smiling at his response, Pansy didn't even bother to consider the fact that she preferred the other ones before she began to pull them into place, making sure they fitted her nice and snugly, accentuating her figure. Admiring herself, her rather unimpressive ass and chest, she heard Draco add, "It hides your cock better…" "Draco…" Pansy sighed, not bothering to put the matching bra on as she clambered onto the bed and lay beside him, snaking a hand over his chest, but quickly pulling it backwards when he threw her a glaring look, "Is there anything I can help with. I can help you search for the other items. I know you're looking for them. If you just tell…" "So, you can find them, keep them for yourself, and then lose them? No. If you want to help, you know how to," Draco snapped, brushing her hand to one side, barely glancing towards her as he continued to work his way through his book. Letting out a deep sigh, Pansy crawled her way downwards, working to unbuckle his belt. Inching his black trousers downwards, she worked his cock out from his boxers, her hand beginning to lazily squeeze and jerk him off. She was somewhat sombre about the fact that she had to put in a little more effort to make him hard. He always needed a little work to get properly rigid, but it seemed nowadays she had to put in so much more just to kept him rigid and throbbing in her hands. Her other hand found his balls and began to massage them as she took him lovingly into her mouth. Even the romantic passion that she wanted wasn't there, she wasn't even going to think about not putting as much love and effort into her blowjob as was immediately possible. With his softened cock entirely in her mouth, she began to pool as much saliva as possible, bathing his cock in it as her tongue lathered his delicious length, the taste and musky acting as a delicious aphrodisiac to the already horny girl. Brushing her hair to one side, she began to feel him hard, her lips coaxing more and more blood to surge through his cock, steadily bringing him to half-mast. Humming subtly around his cock, she began to bob her lips up and down his slippery cock, stretching it with each push and pull, finally managing to get him entirely hard. He didn't even look at her as he used to. He didn't even care as she bobbed her head along his cock, hungry and ravenous for his attention and desire. Still, she continued, wanting nothing more than to taste his cum flooding down into her throat, filling her up as she savoured the taste and sensation; his throbbing erection pulsating in her eager throat. Bouncing her lips down to the base of his cock, she kept her hand massaging and squeezing his balls, tenderly working them as she guzzled his throat intently, swallowing down what pre-cum he offered her. Her free hand went down to her own cock, fondling and squeezing her small shaft through her panties, dreaming of the day that Draco would purse his lips around her length and return the favour she so lovingly gave him on a daily basis. Making sure each of her long and languid movements massaged and worked every inch of his cock, she pulled her hand up from his cock, letting her palm run along his thigh, tenderly massaging his skin as she slurped on his cock. Higher and higher her hand crawled, laying against his stomach and climbing along his chest, bunching his shirt up alongside it. Pushing it to one side, Draco finally offered her a degree of attention, though not as she expected. A hand rested against the back of her head, making sure that she pushed down his entire length, robbing her off the long, intense and loving movements and replacing them with sharp jarring pulses, her throat beginning to convulse as she gagged and spluttered. Saliva ran along her chin as she gently pushed against his thighs, wanting to pull back so she could catch her breath, but being unable to free herself as Draco began to roughly fuck her tight throat, his cock seemingly swelling and growing with hunger interest as she choked on his cock. Once again, roughness governed Draco's interest in her. He had never been so virile and passionate than when he had her bound and at his mercy. Everything he did was so purposeful back then. As scared as Pansy was in that moment, she couldn't deny just how into it Draco was. And so, she relinquished complete control of her throat, succumbing to Draco and allowing him to command her throat, pushing her lips sharply downwards and driving his cock harder into her gullet, lazily using her like so ragged fuck-toy, purely existing for his pleasure and disposal. Her cock began to soften between her thighs, her panties no longer tight as she let her hands drop to her side, resting as he pounded her throat. But just as he had grown in virility and intent, that passion slowly fell by the wayside, his thrusts steadily growing slower and he eventually ground to a halt, grunting. He hadn't cum. Not even close. Confused, Pansy felt him drag her lips away from his still hardened cock. Rolling out from underneath her, he pulled his boxers and trousers back into place, grabbed his book and muttered beneath his breath, "Not even worth it…" Sighing, she watched him disappear, leaving her to her own devices. She needed to find that damn ring and she needed to find it quickly. If she didn't get it before school broke for the summer, then she would be doomed. What if one of the trio took it home and simply didn't bring it back. So many variables that placed her in jeopardy. Pulling her clothes on, she didn't even bother to find the matching bra to her underwear, knowing full well that Draco had no intent on actually enjoying such a choice. With her clothes on, she turned to herself in the mirror, remembering the magnificent sight that she so frequently relished: her wearing the ring. If Draco didn't drive her to find it, then the memory of that sight would. Leaving the dorm room, she made her way quickly to the main hall, desperate to find Hermione, Luna and Ginny, knowing full well that one day, one of them would slip up and reveal where the ring was. If worst came to worst, she'd break into the dorm rooms and search for them there. Fortunately for her, such actions weren't necessary. But that didn't make acquiring the ring anything close to easy. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Have you seen Ginny anywhere?" Harry asked as he caught up with Neville, handing over his wand as he did so. Dodging the various people passing by them in the corridor, Harry somewhat frantically searched for a wild flare of red hair but found himself unlucky. "No. She's probably down at breakfast already," Neville answered helpfully, suddenly stopping in place and letting out a deep sigh. Confused, Harry barely stopped to acknowledge it, only to let out a smirk as Neville added, "I forgot my Herbology assignment. I was going to go hand it in early. Go ahead without me." Nodding, Harry let out a laugh. He did all he could to afford Hermione and Ron some time, but ultimately it was fruitless. Regardless, he made his way quickly down to breakfast. Even if he couldn't find Ginny, he would definitely need to get some food in him in order to quell the rising nerves that built with each passing remark about the momentous day. And to Harry's immediate surprise, he was almost immediately met with the familiar tinge of auburn Weasley hair the moment he turned around into the Great Hall, but not in anyway he had anticipated. "Harry!" a voice squealed loudly, before he was sudden assaulted with a tight hug. A little stunned, it took Harry a moment to adjust and realise just who it was. He was all too familiar with the sudden and unexpected hugs to not recognise non other than Mrs Weasley. "Mrs Weasley? What are you doing here?" Harry stammered as she finally loosened her grasp, allowing Harry a moment to breathe, a smile stretching on his face as he did so. Taking a moment to adjust, Harry not only recognised Mrs Weasley, but also the familiar Weasley features grinning back at him in the form of Charlie and Bill. "Dumbledore invited us. Well, me that is. Charlie was busy helping with the dragons and got himself a place to watch the final task. Dumbledore thought that given that the other Champions had their parents invited, it was only fitting that you had someone supporting you as well. And I doubt your aunt and uncle would have been all too keen. Arthur was going to come, but he's been wrapped up at work. So much so that I've not actually seen him in near enough a week now," Mrs Weasley explained, rattling off her words at the speed of light, leaping from one sentence to the next without so much as a breath in-between. Harry was used to her being able to explode into long-winded rants when she was angry with Ron or the twins, but this was something else. She seemed somewhat agitated. Or excited. Perhaps a combination between both. "Mum. Take a breather. Calm. I don't think Harry needs you hyperventilating while he's trying to get psyched," Bill interjected, managing to silence his mother momentarily, before she seemed somewhat renewed in her enthusiastic ramblings. "Of course. It's just so exciting. To think you'd be one of the Champions. Mind you, it nearly terrified me half to death with Ginny wrote to me about it. But we knew you'd pull through," Molly continued, taking Harry by the arm and beginning to walk towards the breakfast tables, leaving Charlie and Bill to quickly duck out. Whilst they sympathised with their mother's excitement, the fact that they had to put up with it for considerably longer than Harry had already experienced, they were somewhat eager to pass her off onto someone else, "Now, did you get plenty rest? Have you eaten? Practiced your spells?" "Yes, yes… I have. I don't suppose you've seen Ginny around? I kind of need to talk to her before the task. She said… said she'd help me out with something last minute," Harry stammered, finally managing to break through Mrs Weasley's well-meaning words. "Oh, I haven't no. I was hoping to catch her at breakfast, but I haven't seen her. Why? Is there something…" Mrs Weasley began, turning to join Harry in scanning the Great Hall for the youngest Weasley, only to brush her hip against Harry's crotch, unseating the delicate balancing act he had constructed to hide his erection from view, "Oh! I'm sorry… I see…" "Erm… sorry, I really ought to… to go…" Harry stammered, holding his hands in front of his crotch to hide his bulging crotch. The fact that he remained hard for so long would be somewhat concerning had his hardened cock not been noticed by the closest thing to a mother figure in his life, causing his cheeks to flare a deeper red than he had ever seen any of the Weasley's wear. The bulge had been enough to momentarily quench Mrs Weasley's ramblings, her eyes lingering on the unfortunately loose-fitting trousers he had been supplied. Before he could escape, Professor Moody stepped up behind him and growled to him. "Potter. You're to be down at the Quidditch Pitch in half an hour. They want you there before the crowds fill in. Not to mention they want to take pictures for that tawdry woman's articles… Get ready," Moody said, his usual growl still gravelly, yet with a slight joviality in it. As he sidled away, Harry turned to Mrs Weasley, blushing even deeper than before. "I'm sorry, but I really need to find…" he said, not even thinking of the implications of his words. However, before he could even take a step, Mrs Weasley's hand latched onto his hand and began to drag him out of the Great Hall, a sudden intent in her eyes as she looked each way, hauling Harry beside her, "Mrs Weasley?" "Now is no time for niceties. You need to be down there in half an hour, and I'll be damned in they take pictures of Harry Potter with a raging erection. Come now," Mrs Weasley said, her words doing nothing to calm Harry's nerves as she bundled him into a nearby empty classroom, drawing her wand from her pocket and locking the door, causing Harry to panic, "Oh come now Harry. Don't worry. It'll be quick and easy… It's nothing embarrassing. It's a natural thing. I had to help Ginny out you know. She matured a little quicker than most and I had to lend a hand. Though I'm sure she told you about that…" "No. No she didn't. Mrs Weasley, it's really not necessary. I'll… I'll manage myself…" Harry stuttered, almost backing away from her but colliding with a desk. Unable to move quickly enough, Harry found that Mrs Weasley could move at alarming speed, her hands working on the fastenings on the front of his trousers. His eyes bulged at he looked down, noticing the older woman sporting a rather sizable bulge herself. It was only at that moment that Harry recalled and truly reflected on what Mrs Weasley had said earlier. She hadn't seen Arthur in a week. What that meant, Harry immediately knew, understanding the weird combination of excitement and agitation from earlier, "Mrs Weasley. I really don't… Oh…" "Nonsense. We need you in fighting form. It'll be our little secret," Molly said, the pent-up arousal from a lonely week ultimately clouding her judgement as she silenced Harry's protests with a mere grasp of her hand around his cock. She immediately felt beads of pre-cum leak from his tip and over her hand. Little did she know that his pulsating, throbbing cock had been abstinent just as long as she had. It was that abstinence that ultimately caused Harry to relax a little, his cock quivering in Molly's hand as he looked up at the ceiling. If he hadn't been waiting for relief for a week, he would have objected and moved her away, yet… his cock felt so tender in her hands, so sensitive. Would it really be that bad? Just a little help. His mind was so addled from the stress, arousal and ultimate fear that the day had instilled in him that he didn't think remotely straight. He words seemed to make complete sense. 'We need you in fighting form'. It wasn't for personal pleasure. It was for the third and final task. There was nothing beyond a physical satisfying going on. There was nothing weird about him accepting sexual relief from his best-friend and girl-friend's mum. In the coming days he would reflect on that and come to alternative conclusions, but in that moment, it made perfect logical sense. His mind was so consumed that he didn't even register the fact that Mrs Weasley had told him that she had helped 'relieve' her own daughter. Her hand moved swiftly along Harry's cock, immediately coating itself in copious amounts of pre-cum, slickening the movements and making the taboo sensation all the more enticing. Harry didn't dare look down, not wanting to see what was happening, but ready to let it happen nonetheless. Dropping down onto her knees in front of Harry's cock, Molly Weasley revealed her true colours when it came to the biggest secret of the wizarding world. Her usual kempt and authoritarian persona slipped into deviancy. Pure, elated deviancy. After all, even she needed the relief that so many other witches required. It was simply the case that most chose not to dwell on the fact. Harry however, felt every aspect of it as she gasped his cock in both hands, jerking him with purposeful precision, revealing just what she was like when faced with a thick and juicy cock. Spitting rather sharply and sluttily, she added more lubricant to her handjob, letting her hands becoming as glistening ang gleaming as Harry's cock, the sound of her hands slapping against the base of his crotch becoming intense and sumptuous. Her own shaft throbbed between her thighs and whilst she was somewhat desperate for relief of her own, she was in control of her horny mind enough to know that she shouldn't spring her own cock on Harry. No, she'd take her personal relief in simply playing with his cock, jerking and sucking him off. For her own relief, she'd simply swing by the school Gloryhole, allowing Harry to clear his mind for the upcoming task. With her own libido raring to be let go, her true nature when it came to cock already peeking out, Mrs Weasley finally snapped and stopped holding herself back, simply wanting to have Harry cum and cum hard. Lunging forwards, she parted her lips and with a single plunge had every single inch of Harry's thick, engorged cock, buried down her tight, expert throat. It was such a swift and immediate inhalation, one that smothered Harry's cock in immense pleasure, that he instinctually looked down to see Mrs Weasley's lips stretched around the base of his cock, her nose buried In his pubic hair. Expecting that the be the height of the pleasure, Harry let out a deep, hoarse groan as she began to work her tongue around the base of his cock, slurping and suckling on his shaft, slathering his cock with her tongue, all the while massaging and fondling his balls. One of her hands was flattened against his crotch, her thumb and forefinger still wrapped around the very base of his cock. As she pulled her lips slowly backwards, making a point to drag her tongue across every inch of his cock, the hand flattened against his base followed her lips, resuming its tight and powerful grip around his shaft. Pulling all the way back to his tip, she plucked her lips from his cock with a loud pop, glancing up at Harry and seeing his eyes now firmly locked on her, watching enraptured awe as Mrs Weasley displayed talents worthy of lending a deep blush to Fleur's cheeks. With a smirk, she began to wildly stroke his cock, her hand moving so deftly along his shaft that Harry had to tighten his grip on the table behind him as his legs quivered. Her lips went back to work, only this time, the dropped down to his balls, collecting them both in a single movement, tightening her lips around the point where they connected to his body, holding them in the warm wet haven of her mouth, her tongue once again displaying just how quickly and precisely it could move, darting and ducking across his balls, lathering them with saliva, whilst she created an air of suction around his balls, tightening and loosening the pressure to maintain such intense pleasure. Her other hand, not bothering with her own cock, latched onto his taut, muscular ass cheek, fondling It but using It primarily to keep Harry steady and in place whilst she lavished his cock in every pleasurable way she could conceive, all the while savouring the sweet sounds of satisfaction that escape the young boy's lips. Oh how she missed the shy naivety of youth. Nothing more satisfying than making a boy blush, unable to look away. Like the first time Arthur saw her tits. The thought lingered for no more than a moment before she popped each of Harry's balls out of her mouth with a wet slurp, returning her plump experienced lips to the head of his cock, her tongue not wasting a single moment in darting and curling around his engorged pulsating tip, threatening to push him into orgasm at a moments notice. Fortunately, whilst Molly may have looked at him as an inexperienced youth, a year of experienced had hardened his teenage stamina, allowing him -even after a week of abstinence- to hold of on cumming too quickly. Molly quickly found her preferred rhythm and sequence of movements. After lavishing his cock-head with her tongue, she once again suddenly and swiftly sheathed his entire cock In her throat, her hand flattening against his base as her tongue continued to circle his thick shaft. She then began to draw her lips backwards, her tongue working restlessly as her hand followed, right the way back up to the head before she plunged back along, repeating again and again, her free hand working his slickened balls, allowing for a more sticky and enjoyable massage. Harry couldn't pull his eyes away, watching with intent now that he had gotten over the initial hurdle of turning his gaze. He couldn't call Mrs Weasley an attractive woman, though that wasn't due to her actual appearance. If anything, she had a sort of appeal as a milf. No, he couldn't call her attractive due to the relationship he had with her. Such words didn't find themselves in that situation. Yet he couldn't deny how good she was at sucking cock and how good she looked doing it. The strange paradox had Harry's mind reeling, all ultimately coming back to the concrete revelation that he should simply enjoy the pleasure. And that was what he did, until Mrs Weasley took their experience to a completely different level; one coincidentally inspired by Harry's strangely enhanced stamina. "We need to finish up. You've not got much time to get down to the pitch," Mrs Weasley stated, though to what end, Harry was unsure. However, he was quickly given his answer as Mrs Weasley let go of his cock and balls, grabbed his hips and with a strangely forceful hand, turned him around. Before he could once again object to such an act coming from her, he found his pleas silenced as Mrs Weasley displayed her apt speed. Her hands already had Harry's cheeks pried apart, his puckered asshole betraying a degree of looseness. A smile stretched across Mrs Weasley's face as she inferred what that meant. Burying such thoughts, she lunged forwards with her tongue, expertly dancing the tip across his tight ass, quickly wriggling it into place at the concave of his entrance. Suddenly and swiftly, she plunged her tongue deep inside of him, burying herself as far as her tongue was able to go, all the while curling her tongue to find and attack his prostate. Leaning forwards, Harry -with laboured breaths- clung to the table in front of him, his fingernails almost scratching into the surface as Mrs Weasley once again displayed her abilities to make him ridden with pleasure. His cock quivered and shook of its own volition, bouncing wildly in front of him as his orgasm churned further ahead. With her tongue wriggling deep inside his ass, lubricating his entrance, Molly took it yet another step further, desperate to make Harry cum. Considering Harry to be well-prepared and somewhat experienced, Mrs Weasley didn't bother with something as trivial as a single finger. Instead, she rested three digits against his asshole, inching them inside his ass alongside her tongue, allowing the unique blend of slick and rigid flesh to drive Harry into a lapse of constant moaning as he fought the urge to spray his orgasm straight across the floor. He fought so that he wouldn't have to sacrifice experiencing the intensity of having all three of those fingers and her tongue immediately reach upwards and land on his prostate, intensifying the already intense and prompting him to grit his teeth from the overwhelming bliss. What he didn't expect was for Molly's free hand to grab his pulsating cock and begin to wildly stroke him off, her slick hand resulting in an additional level of pleasure that was beyond his capacity to resist. His cock sprayed wildly, sending cum spurting across the table in front of him, a pent-up orgasm of a week-long abstinence coating the entire surface in a thick layer of his seed. Mrs Weasley didn't stop until his cock remained soft and flaccid in her palm, her work done and the boy well and truly satiated. From behind him, she brought his boxers and trousers back up, fastening them in place before turning him around to face her, his face listless and a little taken back. Breathing deeply, he staggered in place as Mrs Weasley rose to her feet and used her wand to unlock the door. As he shuffled past her, she playfully slapped his ass, immediately realising that was probably a bit too forwards but then realising that Harry wasn't exactly complaining, "Good luck out there. I'll be cheering every step of the way!" IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Go over it, again will you?" Ginny sighed as she propped herself up against the wall, wiping her brow as Hermione let out another groan of frustration, all the while Luna nodded along in a daze, apparently listening, yet both Ginny and Hermione knew that whether or not she was remained up in the air. "We have five items. We've found one and returned it to the vault. The remaining four are as follows. The Entoxivus Vial, The Book of Pleasure Unmasked, The Necklace of Singular Submission, The Clamps of Bust Enhancement. We don't know any specific locations, but the last time they were all together was in the 1970s. No idea who had them all. At that point, the Book, Vial and Ring found their way into the hands of collectors. The Necklace was confiscated by the Ministry and the Clamps are rumoured to be in the possession of one of the Great Pureblood families. No allusion as to which one. Does that make sense?" Hermione rattled off, the large stack of books at her side being the basis for every scrap of knowledge she had, yet despite her best efforts, she couldn't find any additional information beyond that she discovered at the beginning of the year. "So basically, we don't know where any of them are? Didn't you buy the ring from some stall at the World Cup? Couldn't he have had the Notebook and the Vial?" Ginny asked, as she paced back and forth in the corridor, the glare of the vast iron vault looming over them, "And why are we searching for them anyway? Cause some ghost told us to?" "I'm quite interested in these clamps. Are they adjustable so that you can have as big or small breasts as you want or is it one size fits all?" Luna asked, evidently listening but not exactly focussing on the important aspects. Still, Hermione couldn't help but welcome the distraction. "He may well have. I'm not sure. I didn't notice a notebook…" Hermione lied. As soon as she spoke with the ghost of Aphrodomina, it was clear that the ghost was alluding to the notebook that she had kept In her back pocket for the majority of the year. However, she wasn't quite ready to part with it, nor did she want Ginny and Luna to know of its existence. Given how adamant they all were on getting rid of the Ring, Hermione didn't want to be called a hypocrite regarding the items. Besides, she'd give it up when they had found the rest of them. It didn't explicitly matter at the moment, "I'll worry about the notebook, okay? I'll try and track the merchant down or something. I do know that Fred and George have something very, very similar to the description of the vial. Given how close we are the end of the term, I reckon Gin, you'll have to investigate that." "And what about the necklace? Shall we break into the ministry or something?" Ginny asked, not entirely convinced about their gathering quest, but holding a similar view to Luna. She was somewhat curious about the applications of the other items and given how infatuated she became by the ring, it was only natural that she'd want to see the others in action. "We cross that bridge when we get to it. We should focus on the attainable ones. And worry about the more difficult ones later. I'll continue researching over the holidays," Hermione sighed, closing the book in front of her, "Also, Harry was looking for you. About his…" "I know. I ran into Mum. She said that Harry seemed fine when he went off to the Third Task. I presume he found Katie or something… But I really should go see him before the task, if we're done here?" Ginny asked, noting her objective of finding the Vial. It seemed as if it would be as easy as getting into her brother's room, but that remained to be seen. "What would you like me to do?" Luna asked helpfully, looking eagerly at Hermione and Ginny who both shared an uncertain look. Truth be told, they hadn't really factored Luna into the search. Not out of negligence, rather because there wasn't much to do. What could she do? Break into the ministry? Interrogate the Lords of all the Great Pureblood houses to find out which one of them owns some nipple clamps? "Erm… There is not really… anything. I suppose, just be on the lookout? See what you can figure out. Maybe your family knows different people than ours and…" Hermione stammered, not wanting to seem like she was inventing a job for Luna. "Very well. I shall ask my father if he or any of his friends hold intimate knowledge of peculiar sex toys owned by a ghost," Luna smiled softly, turning with an airy ambivalence towards the entrance of the corridor, skipping out of the door and leaving the other two behind. "It will forever haunt me as a missed opportunity that I do not get to witness Luna asking her dad about sex toys…" Ginny chuckled, folding her arms as she watched blonde girl disappear. Exiting the corridor, Luna decided to make her way back to her dorm-room to change into her outfit for the Third Task, knowing full well that she needed to do everything in her power to support Harry in what seemed to be an impossible task. She didn't make it that far. As she moved past a broom-cupboard, she felt a hand lunge out and around her neck, pulling her into the dark confines of the cupboard, the door slamming shut as she flailed wildly to escape, ultimately finding such a thing futile. Grunting, she felt the grasp on her tighten as hot breath flooded into her ear, "The Ring? Where is it? Tell me now and things won't get any worse." "What Ring?" Luna stammered instinctively, recognising the voice as that of Pansy Parkinson. Before she could do anything in retaliation, she felt a hand reach up beneath her skirt, grabbing the hem of her panties and wrenching them down around her ankles. A soft chuckle came from Pansy's lips as she roughly spanked Luna's plump and juicy ass, leaving a bright red hand-print. No reaction of pain came from Luna as she inadvertently wiggled her ass, almost welcoming more. Carving her hand between those pale and creamy ass cheeks, Pansy found the girl's stretched asshole, eager and ready. Pinching her hand together, she rested the points of all her fingers against the blonde's puckered ass, all before growling in her ear once more. "Okay… different question. This vault. How do I open it?" Pansy asked. When she received no response, she smirked, hoping that that would be the case. Offering only a single mouthful of saliva in order to lubricate her hand, Pansy began to push her fingers forwards, inching them further and further, applying more and more pressure to Luna's ass cheeks. Grunting and gritting her teeth, Luna felt her ass beginning to give away. Her exhaustive experience being filled with cocks and the lingering effects of having gained entrance to the Vault in question meant that her arse was in no place to deny Pansy's fist access. Pushing forwards, Pansy finally broke through, half of her bunched fingers drilling deep into Luna's ass. That first push was all it took to render Luna's ass completely and utterly defenceless. With a grin on her face, Pansy continued to drive her hand forwards, the rest of her bulging fist easing into Luna, until her asshole eventually stretched and gaped wide enough to wrap around Pansy's entire fist. Her ring tightened around Pansy's wrist, her entire hand sheathed inside the blonde slut's arse, the Ravenclaw's eyes rolling dreamily around in her head as her lips fell open, her face blank and listless. Grabbing Luna by the hair, she tugged her head backwards, looking into the blonde's face as he barked her demands, "Tell me how get into the Vault, or I will make it so you cannot walk straight ever again." "Ha… Ah… Oh… You… hav…Ooo…" Luna grunted and moaned as she leant against the wall of the cupboard. Not the response that Pansy was after, the Slytherin began to push even further into Luna's ass, sliding at least two more inches of her arm into the young blonde, all before sharply and suddenly drawing them back, pumping her fist in and out of the tight, snug fitting arm. Grinning lustfully, Pansy savoured the look on Luna's face. Completely listless and devoid of sense; the surprise from being fisted ultimately claiming all of Luna's senses, rendering her a shell, incapable of speech. Whilst Pansy wanted to hear Luna squeal her heart out and plead her to stop, robbing the blonde of any means to do so was just as satisfying. She would tell her how to get into the Vault sooner or later, but Pansy was more than happy to have her squirm and beg beforehand. As she continued to shift her fist back and forth, she managed to get a few more desperate murmurings out of the blonde, "You… You have to… you have to… have to go harder… Oh, fuck yes… Harder… Harder…" "Wait… What?" Pansy said, suddenly stopping. It took her a moment, but she quickly realised. The blonde wasn't rendered senseless. It was the slut's usual dreamy look only corrupted by pleasure. Pansy hadn't rendered her anything other than horny. Her cock was throbbing and dripping pre-cum onto the floor in front of her, Luna even having the audacity to beg for more, beg for it harder. She wasn't begging for her to stop. She wanted more. Well, Pansy would give her more. Mercilessly, she began to pound her fist in and out of Luna's ass, hammering it in and out of clutching rear, the smacking of flesh filling the small confines of the cupboard as Luna grunted and groaned, squealing with delight as opposed to pain. Desperate for more pleasure instead of a cessation of the ordeal. In fact, she began to push her arse backwards onto Pansy's fist, going so far as to ride her rigid hand for her own personal pleasure. Unfortunately for Pansy, it didn't take long for her to learn that her attempts were ultimately fruitless as Luna began to moan and squeal in orgasmic delight, her cock spraying her load across the floor. Hoping that continuing would at least reveal some weakness in the blonde's demeanour, Pansy was yet again disappointed as Luna used her free hands to reach around behind her and spread her ass cheeks. Fully able to wrestle herself free and the blonde decided to stretch her ass even further. Groaning in frustration, Pansy quickly plucked her fist from the slut's ass, sharply spanked her resulting in only another yelp of delight from the blonde whore. Letting Luna fall to the ground, Pansy watched as her hand quickly sped across her still hardened cock, the wet slap of her pre-cum soaked flesh filling the room. Looking down at her, Pansy sighed, realising this was perhaps the most useless attempt she could have possibly made. Pushing out of the cupboard, Pansy left Luna to her own devices the door wide open, baring the nude sight of Luna Lovegood to any who walked past, with the blonde continuing to jerk her cock off. Eventually both Ginny and Hermione passed by her, both perpetually curious as to why Luna had her panties around her ankles, her cock in her hand and a pool of cum by her feet. Though, not curious enough to stop them from stepping inside the cupboard and unsheathing themselves. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII "Oh… Mon dieu… Professor… You are so… 'ard today…" Gabrielle purred in her seductive French drawl, moaning loudly as she sank herself downwards, planting her ass firmly in Professor McGonagall's lap, groaning as every inch of the woman's thick and magnificent cock sank itself inside her young clutching ass. Minerva merely grunted in response, her hands exploring the young girl's sumptuous body, groping her round bubble-butt, gently grasping and squeezing her budding chest, and lightly pawing at her thick throbbing cock. Whilst the two of them had kept the roleplaying aspect of their sexual antics for a rather long time, there came a point where lust and desire outweighed the slight titillation gained by the idea of them being students and teachers. So, Gabrielle would simply arrive at McGonagall's office at a designated time in her Beauxbatons uniform, helping in undressing the older woman amidst a flurry of intense and passionate kisses, before the two of them fucked, sucked and drove themselves into new realms of sumptuous pleasure. Minerva even went so far as to allow the young girl to be the first person to fuck her in the ass in decades allowing Gabrielle to bend the teacher over the desk and lightly fuck her. And as exciting as it was for both of them, they both quickly agreed that they were better suited to the opposite roles. Slamming her hips down onto McGonagall's cock, Gabrielle savoured the roaming hands of the aging woman. It was honestly thrilling to have her reduced to such a perverse mindset, willing to fuck and defile her pliable young body for sexual pleasure. It was even more thrilling when she would hear students talking about how she was a prude or a strict enforcer of the rules. Gabrielle couldn't help but giggle knowing full well that the famed 'prude' had had her face buried between her creamy pale ass cheeks. As the two of them fucked, their bodies weary after a long session. Gabrielle had arrived that morning to find McGonagall already stripped naked. Gabrielle had come to appreciate the toned and rather sexy look of the naked teacher and found it an even more welcoming sight to know that she had been waiting for her completely naked. And so ensued their usual back and forth of plunging their lips along one another's cocks. McGonagall started, lifting the young girl up onto the desk before dropping to her knees, another thing that made Gabrielle smirk when considering the teacher's status. But things quickly changed as McGonagall took the French girl's place, with Gabrielle sweeping all of the teacher's things from the table and prompting McGonagall to lay back on the desk, allowing the blonde to straddle her face, feeding her already slick cock back into the older woman's mouth before dropping her own lips to the heavenly cock she had fallen in love with. Over the past few weeks, Fleur had become less of a sexual presence in Gabrielle's life, with the older Delacour insisting on more restraint, making McGonagall's cock a surrogate for the time being. And a long, thick one at that. Next, with both their cocks drenched in saliva, came the initial choice of position. Gabrielle chose to switch her place of straddling, shuffling her body down and sinking inch after inch of cock into her clutching ass. Laying backwards, she draped her supple body over McGonagall's feeling the older woman's breasts pressing into her back, her hardened nipples prodding her skin as Minerva's hands snaked around and pulled her closer. Leaning over her shoulder, Gabrielle drew the woman into a deep snog, having previously discovered McGonagall's affiliation for kissing, something Gabrielle was more than willing to allow given the older woman's unique talent for it. Grinding more than fucking, their let their bodies writhe in unison, their hands groping and fondling as the heat of the moment grew more intense, growing to a steady, delicious peak. It happened every-time. The excitement and flirtatious talk would cease, their blood would begin pumping and the slow steady build to hardcore fucking would tip over the edge. Gabrielle quickly found herself being manhandled around the room, being passed from position to position. One moment, she was draped over Minerva, the next, she was thrust against a wall, being hammered into from behind. Next, she was the one laid flat on the table having Minerva's cock thrust deep into her ass, the smacking of her balls against her ass filling the room. Suddenly, her arse would be bereft of cock and in its place, Minerva's writhing explorative tongue would be delving, diving deep inside, searching every inch of her tight and glorious hole. As soon as that had ceased, Gabrielle would find her parted lips filled suddenly, the older woman's cock plunging into her mouth, sliding back and forth, casually fucking her throat with increased intensity, the sloppy blowjob becoming messier and messier. Then they were back to fucking, only the time Gabrielle was on all fours, her cheek resting against the floor as the surprisingly nimble McGonagall was rocking back and forth into her ass, her thin body gleaming with sweat. Flipped onto her back, Gabrielle would find her cock standing firmly in the air, being jerked off fervently by Minerva who had opted to straddle the blonde's face, presenting her tight puckered ass to the young girl. They may have both preferred to have Gabrielle be the bottom, but that didn't mean that both of them didn't enjoy having Gabrielle's tongue thrust deep into Minerva's ass. And on and on the movement went, creating an hour-long pleasure haze that almost always culminated with Minerva, exhausted, breathless and devoid of words, collapsed on her chair, with Gabrielle steadily riding up and down, taking a slower more measured approach to the ultimate culmination of their shared orgasms. It may have been a formula that governed each of their interactions, but it made for one of the most intense and sublime interactions not matter how many times they repeated it. "Ready to cum, professor?" Gabrielle groaned as she began to feel both her own cock and McGonagall's beginning to throb. Not responding, McGonagall simply let her actions speak for her. Lifting Gabrielle's hips enough that her cock slipped out of the young girl's ass, Minerva let Gabrielle's instincts to the rest. The blonde's hands lunged to both her cock and McGonagall's, sandwiching them both together as she rested her ass on McGonagall's lap, pinning both of their cocks together. It took a few pumps with both of her hands to send their cum spraying into the air, splashing onto Gabrielle and Minerva alike, several strands even splattering against their faces as they found themselves drenched in the pent-up reward for a long fuck-session. Cumming for several more seconds, Gabrielle made sure that she had drained the both of them before she collapsed backwards, breathless. As per usual, the two of them simply lay there catching their breath for several minutes, the two of them finally rising to their feet for one last snog. Their lips parted and the haze of sexual deviancy lifted, with Minerva resuming her usual demeanour as a professor. Plucking her wand from the table, she cleaned the two of them up, wiping away any evidence of cum as Gabrielle gathered up her clothing, pulling her uniform and fixing her hair, "Sorry, I cannot stay longer. I promised my sister zat I would be with 'er before ze task." "Of course… Pass on my regards and that I wish her well," McGonagall said softly as she fixed her own robes, sinking into her seat with a deep sigh, looking at the petite blond with a certain fondness. It was beginning to dawn on McGonagall that the Delacours would be disappearing back to France and she hadn't yet planned for the eventuality of her losing her regular fuck-buddy. Beyond the fact that it would throw her sex-drive into chaos and render her careful meditation useless, McGonagall found herself lingering on how she had grown fond of the young Delacour, "And I'll see you tomorrow, unless, you'd like to come back tonight?" "I'm afraid not Prof… Minerva. I promised Ma Mere zat we would all 'ave a family night. But I will see you tomorrow," Gabrielle smiled with a wink, opening the door and speeding out, making sure to do so with a skip, revealing her rounded, juicy little ass to the Professor once again. Smirking, Minerva rose to her feet and quickly spotted them. A trademark of Gabrielle. A pair of panties, carefully hidden this time beneath her desk. Plucking them from their place, she brought them back around to her seat. Sliding down into it, she chuckled before sliding a key into the bottom drawer of her desk and adding it to the expansive collection. Where the girl got them all was beyond her, but it was a well-meant token regardless. Gabrielle rushed through the corridors of the castle, knowing full well that she was late for the breakfast she was going to share with her family, given that her father had finally arrived. Rounding the corner and entering the Great Hall, Gabrielle ground to a halt and allowed a smile to stretch over her face. She spotted her sister on the opposite end of the hall, engaged in conversation with someone that Gabrielle had begun to recognise. She didn't know her name, but had spotted her several times around the castle leading up to the final task and following the unfortunate death of Barty Crouch. She was rather inconspicuous to say the least. However, this was the first time that Gabrielle had spotted the purple-haired witch speaking with her sister. Eager to see what was happening, Gabrielle made her way over, joining Fleur's side. "Ah, Gabrielle… You 'ave finally decided to turn up. Father and mother went back to ze carriage in search of you, you know," Fleur smiled, wrapping an arm around her sister, and noticing the silent expectant stare on the young girl's face. Knowing her sister intimately, she knew exactly what this meant. Sighing, Fleur turned to the purple-haired woman, "Gabrielle, zis is Tonks. She is an Auror. Tonks… zis is ma petit soeur, Gabrielle." "It iz a pleasure to meet you," Gabrielle smiled, offering her hand to Tonks with a grin; a grin that seemed completely normal to the unsuspecting Auror, yet was completely telling to her sister. Tonks took the young girl's hand and shook it, a smirk on her face. "And you. Anyways, I better get back. Good luck today. And think on what I mentioned, eh?" Tonks smiled, wishing Fleur well before she turned and disappeared into the crowd, leaving the elder Delacour sister with the smirking younger one. "Anozer conquest, Fleur? It iz rare for you to go for ze older ones," Gabrielle teased as the two of them turned towards their usual spot at the Ravenclaw table. Giggling as she went, Gabrielle noticed an unfamiliar glowing tinge beginning to rise on Fleur's cheeks. "She iz not a conquest. It iz not like zat at all. She is merely friendly. She mentioned something about a job program in ze Ministry 'ere. Foreign witches and such. Asked if I was interested," Fleur said with a deep blush to her cheeks, the smile on Gabrielle's cheeks widening, "And I 'ave not done anything of sexual nature with 'er." "Not yet… You seem very… friendly… And a job… zat is very…" Gabrielle began, unable to pick a single place to begin with the teasing. However, she was unable to continue as their parents interjected, the family exploding into a series of hugs and welcomes, silencing the topic… for now… Author's Note: A bit of a bridging chapter here, but as we are getting to the end of the story, lots of things need to be done. And as there have been several reviews asking if I was planning to bring the Delacours back in the sequel and if so, how, well you have your answer. I'm not able to say anything without spoiling it and frankly, what I've written already is pretty explicit. Tonks will be replacing the role of Bill, allowing for Fleur to be not only in England, but an active member of the Order of Phoenix from the get-go. Which also means that Fleur/Tonks will be a major pairing in the sequel. Get excited for the two hottest dames in the entire series to have some of the most explosive moments in the sequel. The next chapter skips ahead a bit. I wasn't really able to squeeze any sexual deviancy into the third task, at least not anything I was happy with, so instead we are speeding right ahead to the end of the year at Hogwarts, with the final farewells and the ride back home on the train. I wonder how it will compare to the ride to Hogwarts. As with the last few chapters, you can read that next Monday! Till then!
Author's Note: The penultimate chapter! We are ever so close to the end of this story. Bit by bit. With the majority of the plot threads all wrapped up somewhat, and everything in place for Harry's next year at Hogwarts, we will take the time in this chapter to see the final moments before everyone leave for home. After all, with all the sexual antics that have taken place over the course of the year, you would imagine the final train-ride home to one of exceptional excitement. As always, reviews are very much welcomed. It is rare that you see a story get to this long, let alone even get close to finishing, so I would very much appreciate some feedback and general love. This has been somewhat of an extended passion project and it has honestly been quite endearing to hear all the thoughts and feedback from everyone who has enjoyed this story so much. Going into the final stretch it would be beyond awesome if the story could get as close to that '1000' review mark as possible. So, without further ado, enjoy the second last chapter of this behemoth of a story. And… Well, it's a good one! Chapter 49: A Final Fuck The hustle and bustle of the final day of school remained in Harry's mind. Everyone rushed back and forth, the usual panic of lost and forgotten items being mixed with the desire to bid farewell to friends made that year. The main courtyard of the school was stuffed full of people; Beauxbatons, Durmstrang and Hogwarts students alike, all of them making their last farewells, urging their newfound friends to write them. Propped up on one of the supporting archways, Harry watched it all unfold, his thoughts still muddled, his mind still addled following the Third Task. Everything was a blur. From the moment he saw Wormtail clutching that disgusting heap of flesh he was set in a mindless rage. Harry didn't even see the spell lurch from the man's wand, that spell that dropped Cedric to the ground, his eyes rolled closed, his body limp and lifeless. Everything in that Graveyard remained a murky mess. The struggle for his life, the revival of the long-lost Dark Wizard that had plagued with the Wizarding World for so long. The frightful sight of Voldemort staring him down, that sharp burst of anger that spat the viscous curse that locked their wands together. He could remember the faces of his mother, his father… Their pleading cries for him to let go. All he could think of was grabbing Cedric's limp body and returning with the Portkey, but even as he raced to his friend's side, a wayward spell from one of the Death Eaters sent him flying, Harry barely able to grab the Portkey and save himself, abandoning the corpse of his seemingly lifeless friend. It seemed that was all he could think about. Until a familiar voice curbed his broodings stare, "I wonder if you're face will set like zat. It would be a sorry thing. A 'andsome boy like you reduced to a dark brooder. I thought ought to say goodbye, mon ami…" "Yeah. It's been…" Harry smirked, lifting his eyes to meet the soft and delicate features of Fleur's face, his wayward glance barely able to notice the more conservative uniform she had donned, taking more a reserved approach to the pale blue skirt she wore "A year… zat much may be said at least…" Fleur interrupted, propping herself up on the small ledge that Harry was sat on, sighing as she looked out at the crowd of people, watching with a massive grin as Krum attempted to bid a somewhat… awkward farewell to Hermione, all whilst under the glaring eye of an understanding Ron. That sight was enough to crack a smile on Harry's face, knowing full well that if a fight broke out, Ron's earnest nature would do him no good in that space. Their silent gaze was once again interrupted by Fleur, "I wanted to thank you, mon ami. For everything zis year. I know we 'ad our… differences, but my time with you was enjoyable. Enlightening even. Yes… a nice change of perspective. On what was important." "I'm glad. I wish I could say something as equally sentimental," Harry chuckled as he looked up at Fleur, the two of them smiling, beaming back at one another, "But I enjoyed it as much as you did, I think. It's always nice to have another friend." "Friend… Yes, I should think zat apt. I do 'ope we will see each other again, sooner rather zan later. 'owever, I must be off," Fleur sighed, dropping from her small perch and extending her arms for a hug. With a smirk, Harry begrudgingly conceded, dropping down himself and pulling her in for a soft embrace, "You may always rely on moi, 'arry. You need only ask…" "You as well…" Harry smiled, pulled back and watching Fleur turn away, his eyes unable to deny himself the enjoyment of one last wayward stare at her rounded, heart-shaped ass, still ever so prominent beneath the longer blue skirt, "And Fleur! Say goodbye to Ron. He'd appreciate it." Bowing her head with a giggle, Fleur did just that, turning to find the rosy-cheeked redheaded boy whilst Harry stepped backwards, resting against the small ledge that he had just abandoned, watching the blonde haired girl give Ron an unsuspecting kiss on the cheek, his eyes widening as his empty stare intensifying. Watching with a grin, Harry saw Ron and Hermione's dynamic immediately swap. Ron's unappreciative stance towards Krum's unwelcome farewell became Hermione's confused and concerned stance towards Fleur suddenly showing interest. It was merely instinctual as Hermione quickly found herself on the receiving end of a similar embrace, with Fleur giving her an equally enthusiastic farewell. "Harry…" a meek voice called out, prompting Harry to turn around, his brief moment of elation crumbling back down to the stern reality of the recent past. It was Cho, someone whom Harry hadn't actively avoided, yet felt guilty all the same as he didn't actively seek her out. Her cheeks gleaming ever so slightly, having recently been stricken with tears, she stepped forwards, stuffing a tissue into her pocket as she stretched a smile uncomfortably across her face. "Cho. I meant to… How are you? I mean… How are you holding up?" Harry asked, stammering himself. Whilst a brief moment of sorrow crossed his mind, he became more occupied with a friendly stoicism, realising that now was no place for his own grief. "Alright. Well… As alright as… Listen, I…. I didn't really want to talk… Sorry, that sounds really rude, but… I just… Wondered if… if maybe I could… could write to you? This summer? It's just… I worry I might need to… write to someone and, Marietta is nice and all, but she… she never really got me and Cedric. I'm sorry, it's… stupid," Cho stuttered, sniffling as her words fell over one another. "No, no… Not at all. I'm no, that's not me saying no to you writing, but rather, no to it… it being stupid. Of course, you can… Erm… Here. Here's my… address," Harry fumbled, reaching into his pocket and using a pencil to quickly scratch the Dursley's address onto a piece of parchment before handing it to her. "Thanks… I promise to not send too much… Just in case… But, Harry…" Cho murmured with a brief smile as she moved to turn away, not eager to maintain conversation beyond a few simple utterings, "Cedric really liked you… I know you didn't really spend much time together but… but he respected you… That's why he asked you to… to join us…" "I know… I respected him as well… It's why I agreed," Harry said with a smile. Those words struck home with Cho in a way that Harry didn't quite understand. Given the encounter that the three of them shared, he could divine some reasoning. The whole underlying merit of the intensity behind Cho and Cedric's particular fetish rested in trust and respect. That's why Cho felt such a warmth hearing that echoed from Harry as she turned and disappeared into the crowd, wanting nothing more than to secure herself a private carriage on the train home. Taking a deep breath to curb his thoughts, Harry turned back to the slowly thinning crowd, joining people in watching the Beauxbatons retreat to their carriage and prepare to leave, all the while the Durmstrang manned their ship, casting off from their mooring. Cheers erupted across the courtyard as the large white horses took to the air, hauling behind them the French carriage, speeding across the skies as the Durmstrang ship sank beneath the waves. As the excitement dissipated, the usual hub-bub of the final day of school resumed, with people hauling their trunks down to the platform, having them loading on the Express before taking their seats inside. It wasn't yet time for farewells amongst the students themselves. There was a long train-ride to yet enjoy. And whilst Harry made sure to see Hagrid before he left, he had one last ride before the usual dreary experience of his summer holidays. It didn't take long for Harry to find Hermione, Ron and Ginny in their carriage, all three of them rather attentive to his arrival. Sliding into the seat next to Ginny, she immediately snaked a hand around his neck, resting her cheek on his shoulder as she glanced over at Ron. To her surprise, he had managed to grow steadily more comfortable with the idea of his best friend and his little sister being an item. Where open acts of affection between the two of them had garnered visible disapproval, he now seemed alright with it. Rather, he now seemed to be able to ignore it. A little consumed in thought, Harry barely noticed the fact that Hermione had stacked next to her a pile of books from the school library, all of which she had taken without express permission. Her devotion to her continued research of her own personal project was only recognised by Ginny, the redhead unable to believe the transformation that had taken over her friend. Not only was she a growing sexual deviant, but she was willing to defile the sanctity of the school library by stealing books from it. Strangely enough, it was this that made the most striking impact on Ginny. Not the fact that she had seen Hermione Granger burying her tongue deep into several people's asses, but rather the notion that she was showing such a wanton disregard for things she usual held sanctimonious. Sitting in quiet silence for a moment, Ron and Hermione shared a couple glances, as if implying that one of them should shift closer to the other so that they could mimic the sentiment of Harry and Ginny. However, before they had that opportunity, it was robbed from them by the carriage door opening. With a beaming smile, Luna joined them, choosing from all places and empty seats in the carriage to occupy the one between Hermione and Ron, sitting slightly closer to Ron than the brunette, a strange choice given that Luna's only time having talked with Ron was when they were butt-naked and crammed beneath Harry's invisibility cloak. In fact, they hadn't shared so much as a friendly glance since. "I shall remember to ask my father about the toys," Luna said suddenly and a little louder than she had meant, causing both Hermione and Ginny to blush slightly as grins stretched across their face. Suddenly, what seemed like an admittedly weird, yet contextually innocuous when coming from Luna, was morphed into a more suggestive statement by the other girls overreactions. The stifled sounds from Hermione and Ginny, caused Luna to look down from her dreamy state, "Oh… Harry. I didn't realise that you had arrived. Please don't take what I said as some kind of vague sexual innuendo. Hermione and Ginny were simply interested in knowing my dad's opinion on…" "And I think that's enough," Ginny interjected, cutting Luna off before they could drag them into her misguided statement. Smiling softly, Luna nodded and shifted backwards, resting against the back of her seat as the room fell back into silent, the uneasy mood replaced by smirks and stifled chuckles, "You know… For all its ups and downs… This year was alright." "You reckon, Gin? I mean…" Hermione began, only to truly think on it. She had fucked Viktor Krum so hard he wouldn't talk to her until it was to say farewell, gave an impromptu blowjob to Colin Creevey, had sex with a French Milf, and got to the point where she was comfortable enough to be naked and intimate with all four other people in their carriage. And sure, there were moments of humiliation and degradation, but she'd suffer them all again if it meant she could relieve her first time with Apolline, "On second thought… Yeah, I'd agree…" Harry didn't think to add his thoughts as Ron made short work on moving the conversation elsewhere. Plucking a pack of exploding snap out of his back-pocket, he turned expectantly to Harry who politely objected, prompting Luna to suggest they play. Not willing to turn her down out of some wayward remark, Ron began to a rather heated game of exploding snap with Luna on the floor of the carriage, the two of them avidly arguing over how the other person was playing the game wrong, all the while Harry, Ginny and Hermione looked on with smirks. Hermione quickly turned to pry open one of her stolen tomes whilst Ginny's eyes were set on more… interesting goals. As time passed, Harry's hand came to rest gently on Ginny's knee, the redhead hiding a massive grin as he did this. Thinking it a rather unremarkable thing to do, Harry was proven slowly wrong. Resting her hand on top of his, she slowly began to slide upwards, curving his fingers along her thigh, drifting further and further up. Harry didn't take note until one of his fingers brushed against Ginny's panties, coming into contact with the all too familiar slick warmth of her throbbing cock, her shaft already pressing tightly against the fabric. Turning to look at Ginny with a look of disbelief given their company, "Really?" "Come on? One last time before the holidays? A parting gift so to speak," Ginny whispered in his ear, leaning forwards and playfully biting Harry's earlobe, letting it ping back into place as she grinned lustfully, their conversation and Harry's hand being unnoticed by the rest of them. "Fine. Shall we make an excuse and find our own carriage?" Harry suggested, his hand curving to grab her cock completely, beginning to massage it gently through the thin fabric of her panties, lightly jerking her off beneath the loose-fitting skirt she was wearing, eliciting a low groan from her in response. "I think this carriage will suit us perfectly, don't you?" Ginny grinned, the implication obvious. Whilst Harry was well aware of what happened with Ginny and Ron, he wasn't quite certain that his best-friend would take too kindly to watching him pound his little sister's ass in front of him. Then again, he didn't have many qualms with the idea. Especially given the fact that their company also consisted of Luna and Hermione, two girls he didn't have any problems with seeing naked and having sex with. "Really? You think now's the time to put on a show for Ron? I'm sure he'd love seeing his best-friend balls deep in his little sister," Harry murmured in Ginny's ear, glancing over at Ron who was admittedly so invested in the game he was playing that he may well not notice them at all if Ginny started blowing Harry. "Who said anything about you being balls-deep in me?" Ginny purred, running her tongue across her teeth playfully as Harry let out a laugh. Leaning towards her, he boldly captured her lips with his own, pulling her close in a brief moment of passion, his grip on his cock intensifying as he did so. "Well, how do you propose we run this by the rest of them?" Harry asked, only to see Ginny lift a finger to her lips, before waving her wand back and forth in front of Harry's face. Intrigued, he watched as Ginny pointed her wand towards Hermione. Muttering beneath her breath, Ginny slowly began to pulled Hermione's skirt upwards, lightly and gently tugging it enough that Hermione didn't notice, yet her panty-clad cock was steadily exposed. The bulge in the girl's panties was noticeable due to her size, yet she was still soft. Another spell came from Ginny in a whispered murmur, and Harry watched as a tear began to run along the centre of the white cotton fabric, her panties slowly being sliced in two. Whilst she wasn't hard, her cock still suddenly and swiftly flopped down against her thigh, immediately grabbing her attention as she loudly yelped, pulling her skirt downwards as everyone's eyes turned to face her, only Harry and Ginny knowing the reasoning behind her outburst. Eventually, Ron and Luna returned to their game whilst Hermione silently inspected her underwear, finding it into separate halves. Stunned and confused, she looked up to see Ginny's wand pointed at her, and Harry's hand moving back and forth beneath the redhead's bulging skirt. Immediately wanting to be furious, Hermione couldn't help but stifle her outcry as she watched Ginny spread her legs apart, the redhead hiking her skirt up enough to reveal her own panties and Harry's hand massaging and fondling her cock. The sight was enough to get Hermione excited, yet the titillating idea of Harry jerking Ginny off in the same room as Ron was the icing on the cake. With a smirk, Harry pulled Ginny's panties to one side, letting her cock bounce free and into the open. Glancing to make sure that Ron was still occupied, Harry wrapped his hand around the base of Ginny's cock, holding it proudly upwards and beginning to jerk her off, working his hand back and forth across her shaft, pre-cum dripping down and coating his palm as he did so. Stifling her moans, Ginny looked back over at Hermione and nodded to her hardening cock. Somewhat hesitant, Hermione threw caution to the wind and pulled her skirt back up, her now rock-hard cock bouncing and springing free. Once again checking that Ron and Luna were still occupied, she began to run her hand back and forth across her cock, jerking herself off in tandem with Harry's motions, the slight slapping sounds of their rhythmic jerking filling the carriage, yet going unnoticed by Luna and Ron, who were continuing to argue. Smirking, Harry removed his hand from his lap, letting Ginny's deft and skilled hand go to work. Unzipping his trousers, she quickly managed to work his belt undone and slip her hand into his trousers. Dipping into his boxers, she pulled out his cock, his shaft already hard from the moment that Ginny guided his hand beneath her skirt. Exposing his cock, she began to move her hand along his cock in unison with him and Hermione, all three jerking off in plain view, happily letting moans escape their lips and waft across the oblivious duo. Wondering just how far they could go with it, Ginny leant over Harry's cock and very noticeably spat onto his shaft, using it to lubricate her hand. And yet… the loud spitting sound went completely unnoticed alongside the considerably slicker and stickier movements of her hand as the wet slaps grew more and more loud. However, they may have over-estimated the complete unawareness of Luna and Ron. Well, specifically Luna. "Seeing how Harry, Hermione and Ginny are all jerking off, she we place a bet on this next match?" Luna said suddenly and out of the blue, causing all three of their hands to immediately stop in place. No one had even seen the blonde girl look around, let alone see them jerking off, yet as if due to some sixth sexual sense, she was able to discern that all three of them were unabashedly stroking their cocks. This was as much a surprise to Ron as it was to everyone else, with Ron's eyes flaring up as he bounced from Hermione to Ginny to Harry, seeing all of their thick cocks exposed in their entirety, hands wrapped tightly around their veiny lengths. However, before Ron could say something, Luna managed to unwittingly defuse the situation simply by finishing her thought, "The loser of the next match must give the winner a blowjob?" "A blowjob?" Ron asked, turning his attention away from the three other people jerking off. The possibility of having Luna give him a blowjob was just enough to distract him from truly contemplating on his reaction to seeing his best friend and Ginny pleasuring one another. Waiting for Ron to say something sharp and pointed towards Ginny and express his discomfort, everyone was immediately pleased and relieved to seen him sweep up the exploding snap and deal out another round, murmuring to Luna, "You're on…" Taking that as grounds to simply continue beyond what they were doing, Ginny threw caution to the wind and dropped her hand from Harry's cock, immediately straddling him. Pulling his lips towards her in a deep and intimate kiss, the two of them began to explore one another's mouths, their tongues ducking and weaving amongst one another as their cocks ground firmly against the other's, their throbbing slabs of flesh pulsating together. Unable to deny herself the enjoyment of some sexual fun, Hermione rose to her feet and pulled her jumper over her head. Not one to wait for someone to playfully strip her naked, she simply began to unbutton her shirt, her skirt remaining flipped up over her hardened cock that stood proudly at attention. Stopping midway through, she glanced towards the door stopping before she exposed her bra. Plucking her wand from the folds of her skirt, she effortlessly locked the door and drew the blinds over the small window, affording them the appropriate privacy. Undoing her shirt, she easily unfastened her bra, breathing deeply as her breasts were exposed. Dropping her skirt around her knees, she discarded the tattered remains of her panties before gently jerking herself off, standing as the only naked person in the carriage. Harry and Ginny and begun to strip each other down, the two of them preferring the sensual unveiling of one another's bodies. Their shirts were flung behind Ginny, exposing their bare chests and Ginny's lack of bra; something that had become all to typical through-out the year. Regardless, their hands were working back and forth across their chests, tracing the curves and creases of their bodies in amongst silky, delicious kisses, their tongues becoming more and more acquainted with each passing minute. Hermione's first thought was the peel Ginny's panties apart and have her cock plunged inside the redhead, yet a different idea quickly came to mind as the Harry undid Ginny's skirt and pulled it way from her body, leaving her in only a pair of delicate lace panties. "Allow me to return the favour…" Hermione purred into Ginny's ear with such succulent salacious demure that Ginny waited and eagerly anticipated what she presumed to be something delightfully kinky and sensual. Her hopes were quickly shattered as she felt her panties begin to tighten around her waist and her cock, pinching against her skin. Before she realised what was happening, the sound of tearing fabric filled the room, Hermione continuing to wear her sultry smirk as she dangled the lace in front of the redhead, "Panties for panties…" "What the… Those were lace! Me sexily cutting your cotton panties in two isn't the same as you ripping apart my lace thong!" Ginny snapped, leaning behind her to inspect the red marks that had pinched into her skin, her ass cheeks burning slightly. "To be fair, Hermione did do it with a sexy voice…" Harry chuckled, his hands working themselves back and forth on both his and Ginny's cock, keeping them tightly pinned together as he did so, combining the pleasure with an additional level of friction. "I will make you wait another week to cum again if you don't…" Ginny began, turning around to look at Harry, only to have her words almost immediately robbed from her. A little confused, Harry glanced around to the perfect heart-shape that was Ginny's arse and immediately understood. Knowing that Ginny was understandably a little bitter following that, Hermione softened the sting by dropping to her knees and sinking her hands into those heavenly globes that made up her rounded ass, spreading them apart to reveal her puckered and yet well-stretched ass. Plunging forwards with her tongue, Hermione silenced any criticism that Ginny could make, bringing her lips apart and rocking her eyes into the back of her head as pleasure began to shudder and shake through her body, her cock twitching wildly in Harry's grasp. Hermione wasted no time in pressing her tongue against the deceptively tight entrance of Ginny's ass, immediately tracing across her entrance, all before arching her tongue and slipping inside. Ginny's ass seemed to almost envelop her tongue, drawing her deeper and deeper, pulling her all the way inside, allowing her to explore the sumptuous depths of the redhead's hole. Yet Hermione hadn't yet savoured the ultimate joy of driving her tongue into Ginny's ass. Removing her hands from the redhead's arse cheeks, Hermione let her round and juicy bum bounce back into place, her cheeks smothering her face in the perfect mound of heavenly flesh. It was safe to say that the moan that escaped Hermione's lips shuddered through Ginny's entire body, sharing the pleasure with the already pleasure-consumed girl. Already, Ginny had completely forgotten about the tearing of her lace panties and the yet lingering burn that the snapping of those panties left. Whilst the pleasure of jerking him and Ginny's cocks of together was plentiful, it was nothing compared to the avenues of pleasure that two fully naked girls could offer. With a little creative manoeuvring, Harry managed to navigate his way out from underneath Ginny, leaving her knelt on the seat. Dropping his trousers and boxers, Harry joined the two girls in being naked, all before quickly stepping up onto the seat beside Ginny. Supporting himself with the overhead rack, her threaded one hand through Ginny's hair and guided her already parted lips to the head of his cock. She may have been consumed by the pleasure of having her ass eaten out, but the moment Harry's cock pushed against her lips, she snapped out of the haze. Her lips opened entirely, her tongue curled around the bulbous, pre-cum soaked tip, licking it clean, whilst she relaxed her throat in preparation of swallowing every last inch. As Harry thrust forwards, Ginny pushed her head downwards, meeting his thrust with the same momentum and almost instantly sheathing every last inch of his cock inside her delightful throat. Moaning in unison, the two of them savoured the equal satisfaction, with Harry relishing the tight pleasure of Ginny's throat and Ginny delighting in the satisfaction of having her throat and lips stretched, a heavy pair of balls smacking against her chin with increased impact due to their tandem movements. Lingering for only a moment, Ginny quickly returned the ravenous movements of Hermione by bouncing her lips hungrily along Harry's cock, making sure she swallowed every drop of pre-cum she had given to her, her moans shaking through his cock as she gulped down his thick and throbbing length. It would never matter how many times it happened, but Harry would forever enjoy the feeling of being balls deep in Ginny's throat. Just as Ginny would undoubtedly share that sentiment when Harry found himself on his knees. That thought cracked a smile over Harry's lips as he watched their small carriage continue to descend into the sumptuous realms of depravity, all ushered in by the final sharp bang of exploding snap. "And I win!" Luna exclaimed excitedly as the fizzled smoke of the final snap dissipated, Ron's letting out a deep sigh as he witnessed his defeat. In truth, he was more frustrated that he had allowed himself to lose as opposed to the forfeit that had been decided upon. As he lifted his head, his eyes widened as he watched Luna already beginning to strip her clothes away. She had already pulled her shirt over her head and dropped her skirt to the ground, standing in her delightfully mismatched underwear. Not waiting for Ron to do anything, she unfastened her bra and pulled her panties off, glancing over to Hermione and Ginny. To Ron's confusement, Luna then proceeded to rip her own panties in two and add them to the tattered pile of underwear. Turning back, she gave her cock a few pumps before stepping forwards, "Open wide…" "Wait, wait… Just like that?" Ron asked, staring up at the naked blonde, examining every curve and delicious angle of her body. He didn't have the opportunity to properly ogle her exposed flesh the last time given the circumstances, yet now he had free reign to analyse the gentle bounce to her pert breasts, the slight curve to her hips that rolled around into her toned bum. "What? We you expecting a conversation? Wait… Are you concerned that it would be awkward for us to engage in any form of sexual activity given the fact that we have only met on one previous occasion and are practically strangers?" Luna asked, dropping her cock and letting it flop against her thigh, her delightfully heavy cock almost making Ron salivate. "Yeah. Nailed it in one. It's just... I dunno. Kinda strange," Ron admitted. As much as the prospect of sex with someone as beautiful as Luna appealed to him, he couldn't quite get over the slight nagging of those yet lingering thoughts in his head. "I get that a lot. Well… the first time Harry and I had any form of sexual interaction, we were complete strangers. Now we are close friends. Perhaps it is not the most conventional way to begin a friendship, but in my experience, it has worked a great deal many times," Luna smiled softly, sliding down onto the seat. "You think so? I guess actually. It's only weird if we make it. As long as you're okay with it," Ron chuckled, shuffling in between Luna's thighs, still curbing his natural instinct to be nervous as he came face to face with what was ostensibly a stranger's cock. And yet, he felt a strange familiarity with Luna. She had that strange eclectic vibe yet seemed… real. "Okay with it? I'm the one who suggested it. Now, time for your punishment," Luna said with a salacious and commanding purr that instantly captured the imagination of Ron, his eyes turning towards the pulsating, gleaming cock that the blonde was sporting. "Punishment… Looks to me like a reward," he chuckled, thinking it a passing remark, not quite realising how Luna's mind worked in situations such as these. Whilst she didn't say anything immediately, she had fully intended to. After all, the forfeit was a punishment. Leaning forwards, Ron took Luna's cock in both hands, steadily pumping them back and forth, twisting his wrists as he went for added friction and more pleasure. Leaning forwards, he drizzled a mouthful of saliva down the girl's shaft, his hands quickly and rhythmically massaging the additional lubricant. Led towards taking her cock into his mouth, Ron instead used his tongue to lap and lick at the engorged head, cleaning it of the copious amounts of pre-cum that had leaked from the tip. Moaning softly as the taste splashed against his tongue, he began to weave his tongue down and along her cock, navigating his shifting hands whilst lathering her cock with his swift tongue. Gliding past his hands, he went specifically and instantly to her balls, latching his lips around one of them and bathing it in as much saliva as possible, his tongue working it across her sack before popping it loudly from his mouth. Taking the second one immediately after, he treated it to the same before gliding his lips back up to her throbbing tip. Knowing full well that his ministrations only served to titillate her and excite her in preparation for more, Ron was quick to take her head into his mouth, hollowing his cheeks as he pushed his lips down her cock, steadily taking more and more into his mouth, swallowing deeply to allow access to the tight and clutching depths of his throat. Moaning as he tended to her cock, Luna ruminated on what she had been told about Ron in the past by both Hermione and Ginny, her thoughts ultimately leading her to thread both her hands through his wild and lengthy hair, taking a very tight and very firm grip on his head. After all, the lingering commonality in both Hermione and Ginny's stories was that Ron liked it a very specific way. Hard. Wanting to make Ron as comfortable as possible given the strange circumstances, Luna suddenly and sharply, slammed Ron's head downwards, thrusting her hips upwards and lodging as much of her cock as deeply in Ron's throat as possible. Not the most experienced in deepthroats, Ron immediately felt his throat begin to gag and convulse, spasming and clenching around the cock now trying to brute force its way into his throat. Before he had even the remotest chance to try and adjust, Luna dropped her hips back down to the seat beneath her, dragging Ron's head back to her tip. Expecting a moment of reprieve, Ron felt his throat immediately get impaled, causing his to gag wildly, spittle dripping from his mouth as she slammed his head down repeated, roughly throat-fucking him as best she could, moaning as his throat fought against every inch of her cock, unwittingly providing an immensely pleasurable sensation for her cock as it was subjected to fluctuating tightness that massaged her cock delightfully. Grunting as she began to work up a sweat, Luna ignored Ron's attempts to pry himself away from her thrusting hips, eventually giving up on that and allowing his throat to be used a crude excuse of sex-toy, fit only to pumped into by Luna's admittedly delicious cock. It was yet another fat throbbing slab of cock that begged to be gorged on and had Ron had more control over his movements, he may very well have relished the satisfaction of pleasuring such a length. As it stood though, he was being moved against his will, his throat being jammed into again and again. Luna wasn't even attempting to sink her entire cock inside his throat. Due to the clumsy sharpness of her movements, she never managed to plunge entirely inside, instead having her cock catch on his throat, sending saliva dribbling down Ron's chin and causing his throat to tighten even more. Not that Luna cared. In her mind, she was creating a rather welcoming and accepting environment for Ron's first properly sexual experience with her. And admittedly, his cock was fighting to be freed from its confines. "Luna?" Harry called out, trying in vain to get his friend some relief. He didn't readily enjoy watching Ron engaged in any form of sexual act, yet there was something strangely enthralling about watching Luna jam her cock roughly down Ron's throat. Harry told himself that satisfaction came purely from the fact that it was Luna doing yet another delightful perverse and sexual thing, however, there was a part of him who quite enjoyed seeing Ron in such a compromising position. Even if it wasn't any form of sexual satisfaction, Harry told himself. "Lu… aaa… Luu…Luna! Sto… Stop!" Ron finally managed to blurt out in the few clumsy moments in which Luna's cock slipped out of his mouth and bounced out. Grinding to a halt, Luna looked down at Ron's sticky and messy face, his shirt beginning to get soaked through from spittle. "Sorry! I know my cock kept bouncing out, but I'm really not used to being so fast and rough. I figured that since Hermione told me that you liked to be hammered and pounded like a filthy little…" Luna began, seemingly more apologetic for her shoddy attempt to throat-fuck Ron as opposed to actually doing it. "Luna!" Hermione interjected, plucking her mouth from Ginny's ass as soon as she heard Luna straying into territory that may well make her look less than ideal. Curbing her words, Luna turned back to Ron and skipped the detailed description that Hermione had given her in regard to Ron's sexual preferences. "Anyways. I am sufficiently orally pleasured. Given how you said that that wasn't a fitting punishment beforehand, I only think It fair that you perform some other kind of forfeit," Luna smiled, the dreamy way in which she said that doing nothing but unnerve Ron. Uncertain as to exactly what she meant in regards to an additional forfeit, Ron, watched as she spread her legs apart, shifted herself forwards on the seat so that her ass hung over the edge of the chair, her puckered asshole proudly on display, "Seeing as you prefer to be the one getting fucked, you'll have to fuck me instead this time." "Oh… Oh, right… You are… are truly an evil girl," Ron stammered, though not out of nerves, but rather trying not to display how he truly felt about her suggestion. He could see how she was justifying it in her mind. Ron preferred to be a bottom there for it would be a punishment for him to top her. However, she glossed over the fact that Ron was a teenage boy. The prospect of any form of sex was still an elated experience, regardless of his preference. Hiding how thrilled he was to get anything out of this experience. "I can be sometimes," Luna giggled, snaking her hands beneath her spread legs and planting them on her juicy ass cheeks, spreading her hole apart even more and creating an even more alluring sight for Ron. The three other people in carriage couldn't help but stifle a chuckle as Ron tried to his eagerness and feign abhorrence towards the idea of having to be subjected to such a punishment. The interruption by Ron and Luna's conversation brought Hermione's tongue away from Ginny's arse and Ginny's mouth away from Harry's cock, the three of them sharing a perverse grin as they joined Ron and Luna away from oral. Dropping down from the seat, Harry watched as Hermione shifted away from Ginny's ass and gestured for him to take her place. Intrigued as to why Hermione wasn't going to enjoy the fruits of her labours, Harry didn't hesitate for too long before he dropped down onto his knees behind her and pushed the head of his fat cock into Ginny's welcoming ass. Moaning as he thrust forwards, he grinned as Ginny eagerly pushed backwards, the two of them connecting with a wet slap and a united series of moans. Having become all too familiar with fucking Ginny, he wasted no time in building to the perfect speed and pace, knowing just the way to make his girlfriend tick. Driving himself in and out of her tight ass, his hands massaging and pawing at her round ass cheeks, perpetually enthralled with the ways that Ginny's arse cheeks reacted to being roughly fondled, Harry suddenly drew himself to a halt, prompting Ginny to glance over her shoulder, frustrated that he had stopped fucking her so readily. As she looked back, however, she figured out immediately what had halted him and allowed a smile to stretch across her face, content to wait for Harry to pick back up in a few moments when he had fully adjusted to Hermione's contribution to their pleasurable position. Pushing her body up against Harry, she sandwiched her breasts against his back, letting her hardened nipples prod against his back. Thrusting her hips forwards, she slipped her cock between Harry's pert ass cheeks, grinding her cock against his asshole as she used those cheeks to jerk herself off with each thrust. Moaning loudly as he had his asshole teased and prodded, Hermione constantly threatening to change the angle and thrust inside of him, Harry waited eagerly for her to drill her cock into him, all the while savouring the tight depths in which his own cock was seated. Before he had even gotten used to Hermione's erotic grinding, she quickly changed the angle and without missing a beat, had her entire cock thrust inside Harry's ass, lodging herself in her entirety inside of him, subsequently driving his cock deeper into Ginny, so much so that the redhead let out a soft groan in unison with Hermione. The position was hardly the most practical for swift and powerful sex, but it was damn salacious in terms of perverse possibilities. Ginny pressed her body back against Harry, the boy wrapping an arm around her chest and pulling her close, tightly sandwiching himself between two of the most gorgeous girls he had the fortune of knowing. The feeling of their hot, writhing bodies pushing up against his was sublime. And all that was without mentioning the pleasure of having his cock submerged inside Ginny, whilst Hermione's cock was also buried within his ass. The dual pleasures reminded him of the couple times he had had the fortune of receiving a blowjob whilst someone busied their tongues within his arse, only this was infinitely more intense. Content that they had savoured the pleasures of their new position long enough, Hermione began to shift her hips back and forth, lightly fucking Harry, whilst the trio began to figure out how best to fuck in this new formation. Meanwhile, Ron had swiftly pulled away his clothing, stripping himself down as rapidly as was possible. Freeing his cock, he noticed Luna's bottom lip curl inwards as it sprung free. Whilst pre-cum dripped from his throbbing tip, Ron did drizzle a mouthful of saliva onto his cock before he moved forwards and pressed against Luna's asshole. Immediately, he was surprised and taken aback by how easily her hole gave away, his cock sliding inside within mere seconds, her hungry arse eagerly enveloping his cock, drawing him deeper and deeper. Letting out a deep groan of pleasure as Ron's fat cock pushed further and further inside, crushing and milking her prostate, Luna let ever sense of hers carry her to new realms of satisfaction. As crucial as the pretence of this being Ron's punishment had been to getting his cock inside of her, any lingering thoughts towards their playful rivalry had completely disappeared in that moment, with Luna simply wanting to feel as much of his cock inside of her as possible. Realising just how loose her ass was, Ron didn't waste a single second in hammering his cock all the way home, his balls smacking against her plump, pale ass cheeks, Luna letting out a grunt of satisfaction as she was filled to the brim with cock. As much as Luna had been teasing Ron about his preference for hard and wild sex, Luna couldn't deny that the impact that Ron's balls had against her ass enkindled a desire deep within her to have her ass well and truly fucked. Noticing how much she seemed to relish the firmer thrust he had given her, Ron was more than happy to mimic the treatment he so readily enjoyed when having a cock inside of himself. With heavy breathing filling the small carriage, the slapping of flesh, emanating from both parties, all five of the horny teenagers burst into flurries of sexual brilliance, hammering their bodies together, driving their cocks into one another, all in search of the ultimate final orgasm. Pounding his cock into Luna, Ron grew bolder with each thrust. As more and more pleasure surged through his body, his orgasm steadily increasing, his more nervous inhibitions deteriorated, his hands wandering and fondling Luna's supple body. Squeezing her breasts, Ron began to pluck on her delicately pink nipples, never once missing a beat and continuously driving his cock into the tight cavern of Luna's well fucked ass. Relishing every moment, Luna allowed herself to be dominated somewhat, a somewhat rare experience in her sexual antics. The feeling of a cock jack-hammering into her ass, pounding and fucking her mercilessly whilst she was being manhandled and groped, was titillating to say the least. Her cock throbbed against her stomach, leaking pre-cum onto her belly as she let her shaft simply bounce and flail. The rhythmic sounds of Ron fucking her were mimicked somewhat clumsily by Harry and Hermione. After much trial an error, Hermione and Harry were ultimately able to figure out a decent rhythm to their position. Both Harry and Hermione would move their hips in tandem, yet Hermione would move slightly faster. As she drew her hips backwards, Harry would do so to, briefly chasing her shifting cock as he pulled his own out of Ginny. Lingering for a moment, Hermione would wait for Harry to thrust forwards, before she did so as well, the two of them landing back where they started. It was difficult and required a degree of coordination, yet in the end it provided a truly delectable experience. Ginny, simple lay there, content to have her ass rutted against, whilst the two people behind her attempted to come up with unique sexual gymnastics to make the position work. And boy did it work. The moments of pleasure that all three of them felt together was beyond description, if they were albeit brief. Eventually, their cocks began to slip and bounce, the trio unable to make it work for much longer. However, it was all ultimately for the best as the three of them turned their attention to the two others in the room, everyone eager to make this orgy a tight-knit fivesome. Hermione took the initiative, walking across to Ron and pulling him into a kiss, all the while sliding a hand along his chest, right the way down to his cock, which continued to thrust into Luna's eager hole. Grabbing him by the base, she guided his cock out of her clutching hole, pulling him around to face her. Still embraced in their deep snog, Hermione slipped back onto the seat behind her, pulling Ron with her until he was straddling her hips. It didn't take long for the two of them to move in tandem, Ron lifting his hips whilst Hermione guided herself into place. With the head of her cock in position, Hermione felt Ron immediately drop down, sinking every inch of her into himself, impaling his ass on her thick, delectable cock. Moans erupted from the pair of them as their lips could no longer remain in place. Bit by bit, he began to bounce up and down, the seat not allowing him to properly hammer himself down onto her cock and give him the pace and power that really got him going. A little annoyed that she was robbed of the opportunity to cum from Ron's steady fucking, Luna rose to her feet and stepped beside Harry and Ginny, all three of them steadily jerking themselves off. All three of them knew what the next step was, but each of them had a completely different idea as to how to go about it. As their cocks throbbed in their hands, Ginny finally broke the silence and said what they were all thinking, drawing the two others into a heated debate, "You know that one us has to fuck Ron as well." "I feel like I should be the one to. Given everything that has happened so far," Luna suggested, but not actually moving to take the position herself. Instead, she remained, looking to Ginny and Harry, not for approval but with a degree of interest. "I don't think we should jump to that conclusion. Instead of choosing who is the worthiest, perhaps we ought to choose who would be the hottest… Harry?" Ginny suggested, prompting Luna to nod along as the two girls both looked towards Harry, the boy somewhat spaced out. "I agree…" he muttered in agreement, not really thinking about what he was saying. It seemed he was implying the that hottest thing would be for Ginny to take the position, but Harry wasn't exactly sure if he was ready to actively engage in seeing his girlfriend fuck her own brother. Yet, if he was agreeing with Luna that she wasn't the ideal candidate and had also ruled out Ginny, that left only one other person. "That wasn't what I was asking," Ginny purred, leaning into his ear as she playfully squeezed his ass, lightly spanking him in an attempt to encourage him to do just that. As he turned to look at her, it finally dawned on him just what she meant and what she was implying. "Wait? You can't possibly…" Harry began, only to have Ginny and Luna look at him with equal parts lust and desire, both of them eager to see Harry getting intimate with another guy. Neither of them had been party to it in the past and it seemed like the perfect final explosive of perversity to round out the year. "Oh, come on… You've had sex with guys several times before. You told me about the times with Cedric. Let's just get it out of the way and admit the fact that at some point in the very near future, your dick is going to be inside Ron. Why not now?" Ginny argued, her words making sense but still not convincing Harry. "You can't possibly be serious? Ron would absolutely fucking flip," Harry countered, looking over at Ron and rightly acknowledging that Ron was in no way ready to do something like that. He struggled to be naked in the same room as Harry, let alone sexually engaged with him. "So, your primary issue is not the act itself but Ron's knowledge of the cock that is inside of him being yours? Perhaps If I remain out of sight behind him, he will assume that it is me?" Luna helpfully suggested, getting Ginny even more excited about the prospect. "And I'll stand near his face. You know? Make sure he doesn't turn around," Ginny said eagerly, absolutely thrilled that things seemed to be steadily coming together in a delightfully naughty way. Unfortunately, Harry wasn't entirely convinced. "Wait, wait, wait… This is all under the assumption that…" Harry began, not entirely sure what he was going to say, but simply thinking that he needed to object in someway or another. Yet, he was helpless to the mercy of Luna and Ginny, with the redhead being more invested in this than anything in that moment and time. "If you do this for me, I'll make sure that you have the most unbelievable birthday… deal?" Ginny purred, wrapping her arms around Harry's neck, pulling their naked bodies together and drawing Harry's gaze into her eyes. The salacious smile stretched across her face and the simply divine smoulder she wore was enough to melt any man's heart. The way she phrased it was also helpful. It was for her. "Fine…" he finally conceded, watching as both Luna and Ginny lit up with eager excitement. Leaping into action, Ginny stepped around to the side of Hermione and Ron, standing watch to ensure that both Hermione and Ron remained occupied. Luna also made her way out of view of the duo whilst Harry stood behind the round well-formed ass of his best-friend, his hole already stretched and stuffed full of his other best-friend's cock. Gay Content Ginny could barely contain herself as Harry stepped up behind Ron's ass. Tentatively, he laid his hand on Ron's lower back, the boy to distracted exploring Hermione's mouth to actually look behind him to see who it was. Grabbing the base of his cock, Harry shifted forwards, nestling it against his already stretched ass, navigating Hermione's sawing cock. Breathing deeply, he applied a small amount of pressure to his best-friend's ass, trying to worm his way inside as Hermione ground to a halt. She didn't stop to see who it was, too enthralled with her deep and passionate snogging. But she still slowed down, remaining conscientious enough to allow Harry to get inside of Ron alongside her. It was the fact that Hermione was also fucking Ron alongside him that made it less weird in Harry's mind. If it was just him and Ron going at it on their own, or even in front of everyone else, it felt a little… strange. However, with Hermione, it felt more enjoyable. At least, he used that as some form of justification. Moaning slightly as he fought to gain entry, Harry finally managed to angle himself just right, finding Ron's ass to be immensely pliable in the right circumstances. The head of his cock slipped inside of Ron's ass, his hole tightening around his and Hermione's cock, pinning them tightly together. As he drove himself steadily forwards, Harry was welcomed into the tightness of Ron's ass, the friction of his and Hermione's cocks being thrust together adding so much to the sensation. He had always loved just how inherently perverse double-anal was. The idea of stretching someone to their limits whilst also having your cock forced against another, feeling every inch of their length as you saw back and forth. It was so palpably intense. So much so, that the fact he was doing it to Ron wasn't distracting him any longer. Who would have thought a perverse situation like this would bring the Golden Trio together in such a new and unique way. Bottoming out inside of Ron, Harry let his eyes roll closed, grinding his crotch against his best-friend's ass, his balls smacking against his other best-friend's cock. Off to the side and behind him, Ginny and Luna were jerking themselves off wildly; a strange situation given that one of them was related to Ron, a fact that Harry still couldn't get over when picturing them together sexually. Regardless, he began to feel Hermione beginning to pull her hips downwards, drawing her cock out of Ron as much as she was able in her position. Taking this as his cue to start doing the same, Harry pulled his cock backwards, sliding it all the way to the very entrance of Ron's cock, all before sliding forwards, feeling his cock almost get pulled in of its own accord, his crotch smacking against Ron's ass with increased force, causing him to lift his head and moan. It was at this point that Harry and Hermione's eyes met, the two of them sharing a look as Hermione bit her lower lip, her cock throbbing within Ron's ass in reaction to what she was witnessing. Moaning loudly, she began to thrust even faster, her arousal turning into power and pace as she slammed her cock forwards, pounding away as hard as she could, encouraging Harry to do the same with her movements. Every time Harry felt her pulsating cock-head drive along his cock or throb against his own tip, he let out a moan. Increasing his own movements, he trusted Ron's anal abilities and started to lightly hammer himself forwards, the slapping of flesh growing more and more intense. Pre-cum was visibly dripping from Ginny's cock as she watched this all happening, pre-cum flooding over her hand. The only thing that would have made it hotter in her mind was if it was her doing instead of Hermione. Or all three of them at once. A flurry of salaciously brilliant fantasies flooded over her mind as she momentarily spaced out, only to clue back in just as Ron moved to glance behind himself, hoping to look eyes with the blue-eyed beauty that was Luna Lovegood, pounding into his ass from behind. "Ah!" Ginny exclaimed as she stepped forwards, not thinking before she did what she did. Unable to stop Ron from looking around, she was able to distract him by thrusting her cock forwards. Pushing the head of her cock towards his open mouth, she easily slipped inside, his eyes looking up and into the gaze of his younger sister, all the while pre-cum poured onto his mouth. Stopping for only a moment, Ron began to lick her bulbous tip, swirling his tongue across her head as Ginny's eyes rolled closed In blissful passion, relishing the feeling of Ron beginning to bounce his lips along her cock, eagerly slobbering over her delicious length. Grinding to a halt, Harry was once again placed right in front of Ron and Ginny's incestuous embrace, his eyes widening as he was forced to come to terms with it right then and there, even as his cock shuddered inside of Ron's ass. His movements ceased as Ron began to plunge his lips down her cock, easing his mouth down her thick length, his lips stretching to accommodate it all, whilst Ginny rested her hand on his head, guiding him along. The two of them were so aroused by the act, with Ron's ass visibly tightening from the moment that he tasted his sister's cock. And Harry knew the looks of intense pleasure on Ginny's face all too well. "I wouldn't stop fucking him if I saw that. Just if you don't want him to get suspicious…" Luna purred in his ear, bringing him back to reality. The implication was clear. Ron might get suspicious of someone stopping fucking his ass when the person he thought it was, was the perversely brilliant Luna, who was completely unfazed by their incestuous fun. Turning to look at his cock buried within Ron's ass, Luna murmured again, "We could always swap?" Unwittingly, Luna had set a seed in Harry's head that would continue to nag him throughout the holidays, yet in that moment spurred him to pull his cock back and slam it hard and fast into Ron's arse, launching into a flurry of intense thrusts. The pleasure was too much for him and he continued savour it, ignoring in his peripheral vision the sight of Ginny throat-fucking her brother. Every now and again, his eyes would wander, and he would find himself a little more intrigued each time. Thrusting harder and faster, he didn't properly think about what Luna had said. He wouldn't do so until he was back in his room at the Dursleys. She had offered him an out. A very easy and reasonable out. He could have pulled away from fucking Ron as Ginny was too distracted to properly enjoy his gay fun. Yet, he continued. Why did he continue? He didn't care about that in that moment. All he wanted was to cum and to cum with pure intensity. Pounding away, he found himself outright staring at Ron's blowjob as his orgasm grew nearer, as he grew more and more consumed by the arousal of the moment. With his cock twitching inside of Ron, he found himself thrusting faster and faster. He noticed Hermione had ground to a halt, the only source of pleasure enveloping her cock being that of his driving cock. Taking that in his stride, he continued, properly fucking his best-friend's ass, he and Hermione working to keep his ass stuffed full. Moans increased as the entire room intensified in their passionate embrace, all the while Luna jerked her cock off faster and faster. In Harry's lust addled mind, he somehow worried that by cumming inside of Ron he would be able to figure out it was him, and thus pulled out at the last moment, completely missing the fact that there was no way he actually would. End of Gay Content (Harry/Hermione double-team Ron. Ron thinks Harry is Luna. Ginny gets Ron to suck her off to stop him figuring out it is Harry inside him. Harry forced to come to terms with Ron/Ginny incest. End on verge of orgasm) Staggering backwards, Harry dropped his hand to his cock, only to see Hermione gesturing to him. With little sense in his head, he went towards her, only to have his cock enveloped by the brunette, her tight lips wrapping around his pulsating head, causing him to cum into her mouth. Unable to swallow his entire cock quickly enough, his cum sprayed into her mouth, causing her to splutter slightly, a bead of cum rolling down his chin as his cock bounced out of her mouth. Another couple strands splashed across her face as he emptied his balls, breathlessly moving backwards and allowing her the opportunity to swallow the rest of his cum, his cock steadily deflating. Ginny had gotten to the same point yet didn't even bother letting Ron taste her cum before pulling out and letting her pent-up orgasm spray across his face, plastering his entire face with a thick layer of cum, her cock spurting several longer strands with each burst, ultimately arriving at a massive all together load. Expecting Ron and Hermione to be the next to cum, Harry was surprised as he saw that Hermione's cock had slipped out of Ron's ass, her load having been pumped deep inside him. Unaware to Harry, Ron had cum several times, pouring out copious amounts of cum on his and Hermione's stomachs as they had been pinned tightly together. Suddenly and to Harry's surprise, he felt two hands grab his hips and a cock-head press right up against his ass. Without warning, he felt an entire cock slam itself inside his ass, sheathing right up to the base with an almighty slap. His eyes widened as he felt whoever it was bottom out, his mind to surprised to put two and two together. Expecting a flurry of thrusts, he instead immediately felt cum spray inside of him, several spurts splashing into his ass. A few seconds later, the person pulled their cock out from inside him, the whole ordeal lasting no longer than thirty seconds. Dropping down onto the seat behind him, he looked around to Luna, the girl's cock steadily softening as she rifled through the clothes on the ground for her skirt, "Luna?" "What? I had to cum somewhere," she simply said, picking up a skirt and pulling it on as the rest of them all lay there breathless. Hermione and Ginny immediately burst into a series of laughs, joined quickly by Ron. Harry still a little shell-shocked eventually caved and began to laugh as well. Eventually, they all began to clear up, Hermione taking care of any lingering cum and stains, eliminating the aroma of sex from the air. Pulling on their normal clothes, everyone packed away their school uniform, Luna forgetting and having to strip down once again to an eager-eyed show of Ron and Harry. Savouring the last moments of this year at school, Harry felt a bitter twang hit him as the train pulled into the station. Sighing, he followed everyone off the train, finding his luggage and begrudgingly making his way through the brick wall and out into King's Cross. Following the Weasley's, Harry took every moment he could before he had to go to the Dursleys. Eventually, he heard the sharp horn of Mr. Dursley's car. When he turned around, he spotted them, Vernon and Petunia hunched in the front, whilst Dudley begrudgingly stood outside. Bidding the Weasley's goodbye, he turned and made his way over to the car, only to be stopped half-way by a shout. "Harry!" someone called out. He recognised the voice instantly and was instantly warmed. Turning, he saw Ginny waving her hand as she sprinted across the car-park. Before he could stop her, her arms were around his neck, her lips pressed tightly against his, their tongues weaving together as he rested his hands on her hips. Everything seemed to stop for such a long time, the world freezing around him as he melted into the kiss. What lasted only a couple seconds, eventually came to a halt, with Ginny pulling back and saying with a wry smile, "Should give your cousin something to think about, eh?" Author's Note: I hope you all enjoyed that. Our five main characters coming together in a final climactic moment of the story. It was about time we had them all together and it seemed fitting to have it be so close to the end of the story. We also had a little bit of set up for some story-lines going through the sequel as well. And a final stinger to end things off. Seems like this would be the perfect place to end the story, eh? Well, that's where you are wrong. We have one last chapter left to go. One last burst of sexual perversity before this story finally soars to its end. The next chapter is an epilogue of sorts. Well, it is an epilogue because…. That's the chapter's name… But that's besides the point. We have a final scene from Pansy, one last visit with Hermione and… well… we find out why dear old Draco is so invested in that damn ring. There is one clue as to why within this story and I will be surprised if anyone can guess… *cough, cough* subtle encouragement to review *cough, cough*. Till next time!
