This is another version of Harry Potter and the Animetopoeia. The dark version. I decided I'd upload my other versions of the Animetopoeia. The original Harry Potter and the Animetopoeia is the one I uploaded first and the one that goes by that title. I will warn you, this story has a darker Harry. But not the darker kind of Harry Potter that appears in most fanfictions. I think I'll explain in later chapters, that way I don't spoil it too much. In other news, I do not own Harry Potter. It was hot that summer on Private Drive. And although it was relatively cool inside the house, Harry spend most of the time going on walks and generally keeping away from his relatives. Harry had been spending his time writing to his friends and his newly discovered godfather. They hadn't written much back though. It was kind of disappointing. Harry pondered on this momentarily, then brushed it off in favour of rocking back and forth on a swing set. "Hey." Harry's head snapped up. A girl with purple, pink, and blue streaked hair stood in front of him. She looked…strange to say the least, in her sailor shirt and super short skirt, black high socks and vibrant purple and green boots with silver buckles. But what startled Harry the most was the fact that he hadn't heard her approach at all. "Correct me if I'm wrong, but your name is Harry Potter, right?" Harry nodded dumbly, "Uh…yeah?" The girl smiled, tilting her head to the side, "You sound uncertain." She said humorously. Harry shifted a bit. Was this girl a witch? She didn't really look like it. He hadn't met anyone with such vibrant hair before…it looked more like a muggle fashion than something a wizard might mistake for muggle fashion…if that made any sense. "Yes," Harry said again, "I'm Harry Potter, who are you?" She grinned widely, "I knew it! Sorry, I had to ask because I kind of made a mistake last time." She looked down at a black cat wrist watch and gave a small, curt nod, "Right on time too." "What's right on time?" Harry asked confused, he then closed his eyes as the wind seemed to pick up. Raising his arm in front of him, he opened his eyes to see something coming at them from a distance. The girl didn't look concerned though, in fact, she was smiling. As it came into view, Harry had to blink his eyes a few times. It looked like a cat…or bus…like some weird cross in between. It stopped in front of them, eyes wide and yellow. Its fur was sandy with black stripes and it was…smiling. Could cats smile? "Who are you?" Harry asked the girl, "And what about the muggles!? You can't just…" "Muggles?" the girl blinked a few times, "What's that?" Harry closed his mouth, how could she not know what a muggle was? He gave her a strange look, "Like…non-magical people?" The girl gave Harry a strange look, "That doesn't make sense. Everyone's magical, silly." She laughed, "Now are you going to get on, or what?" Harry just looked at the cat-bus…thing, strangely, "Why? Where are you taking me?" The girl looked at him with a frown, "You are Harry Potter, right?" a notebook appeared in her hand and she opened it up, scanning over the pages, "Yeah, right here, Harry Potter." She looked up at him expectantly. "That's my name." Harry agreed, "Harry James Potter. But…who are you?" The girl looked back down at her notebook and seemed to read something over a few times, muttering something under her breath. Her eyes widened, "I see, that's what happened…" She looked back up at Harry, "Most people who know about me are otakus, anime fans, manga fans…you know?" No, Harry really didn't know, and the girl could see it on his face. "You can call me Animetopoeia, or Ana for short." She introduced, "I came into existence…sometime during the sixties I suppose." She smiled, tilting her head to the side, "I sure have changed since then…Not the point, bad Ana!" she knocked herself over the head gently with a closed fist and stuck out her tongue, winking one eye, "I know the names of everyone who has ever read a manga or watched an anime, whether they knew what they were watching or reading or not." She said factually, "Harry Potter, first anime was Pokémon, I believe." Harry hesitated to say anything, he did vaguely remember watching something like that from the kitchen that one time. "Anyways, the reason I'm here," the girl said, "I'm from the Goddess Make a Wish Foundation. See, those of us in the foundation interact with those special children in this world who are destined to die young. We basically grant a kid a lesson. We teach them something that may or may not change their fate." Her face broke into another wide grin, "That's why I'm here, I'm gonna show you all those things and more…plus, my list says you're in danger and will probably die before the age of seventeen, so…" "I'm gonna die before I become an adult!?" Harry shrieked, suddenly reminded of his relation to his aunt Petunia (Good god!). "You won't if you come with me." Animetopoeia huffed, "And you don't need to shout. Goodness, you sure have a good set of lungs." Harry blushed, "But…where will the…catbus take me?" Harry asked, eying the creature (Vehicle?) wearily. "To whatever anime that will aid you." Ana smiled, "They're all a world in their own right. When any artist puts their soul into their creation, that creation is given life. Humans are magical creatures, Harry." She danced around happily to the entrance of the bus, "Now get on. You're about to go on an amazing journey." She paused, "Oh, and I'll be your lovely guide, of course." Harry got up off the swings, wondering if he really should go, he reached into his back pocket where his wand was. He looked around at the dull scenery of Private drive. He was going to die…not knowing any home or any life other than this? He came to a decision. Harry stepped up onto the bus. "Um, Ana?" Harry said, sitting down. The cat seemed to purr as Ana took a seat uncomfortably close to him. "What is it, Harry?" she asked curiously. "I…" Harry looked about, "I'm a wizard." "A wizard?" she asked, blinking her eyes rapidly and confused. Harry took a wand out of his pocket, then, rather nervously cast a silent 'lumos' charm. The wand lit up and Ana clapped her hands. "Incredible! Who knew that wizards actually existed? You're like a real-life anime character!" she began bouncing a little in her seat. Then looked at the wand curiously, the notebook appeared back in her hands and she flipped through it, "Let's see…" "How come no one knows?" Harry asked her suddenly. "Huh?" Ana looked up at him suddenly. "I mean…" Harry trailed off puzzledly, "I've studied a lot of magic and…no one seems to know about goddesses or gods…" Ana nodded knowingly, "Well, that's because part of the deal is that you can't tell anyone about us." "Huh?" Harry wondered. Ana's eyes seemed to lose all emotion, "We, of the Goddess's Make a Wish Foundation will offer a lesson to a child in exchange for their bad karma. However, the other price for that is that if you tell a soul about us…you will turn into a golden light and fade away." Harry felt his lips part, his eyes widened. Ana shrugged her shoulders, "Usually, we don't really mind, you know? These rules were put in sometime…around a thousand years ago? Humans got greedy and tried to topple the gods. It was a pathetic effort, but it angered a lot of us." "Oh…" Harry whispered. "I decided…you interested me." Ana said, "So, I asked to be put on your case specifically. I'll take you wherever you what to go." "Where…" Harry repeated. "Different worlds." Ana said, "Worlds that could teach you any lesson you wanted. Friendship, since you have such shitty friends. Magic, since you seem to have it already, you could learn to utilize that. I could teach you about family. I could teach you to survive, since this world is very intent on destroying you." Ana gave him a slight smile, eyes dimming again, "Even some man called Albus Dumbledore has planned your demise to occur at age seventeen. My notes say…he is your headmaster?" Harry's eyes widened, "I…he wants to…" Harry looked down at his lap, feeling ill. Harry tensed as the cat arched it's back down, letting out a loud yowl. There was no way no one on Private drive didn't hear that, Harry thought. The cat moved up and down, taking off into a super fast run that Harry didn't even think it capable of. Harry found himself jumping up and down in his seat with each turn and leap. "So…what's your motive?" Harry asked her slowly, "I mean, if you're like…the mediator in this whole thing…" Ana shrugged her shoulders, "Well, Fate was upset with how things were going for you. You're one of her chosen, so she asked the foundation to look into it. The Goddess Make a Wish Foundation is technically a charity organization. Although, those that take on cases get fueled by the bad karma that people like you give us. Bad ends that can be traded for some really interesting things…or we can use it ourselves to gain a little extra punch. If you can survive each of these worlds and return home after the tests are over, then that bad karma belongs to me.." Harry drew in a sharp breath. Okay…It wasn't lie he wanted…bad Karma or whatever. From the way Ana spoke though…it seemed likely that he might not survive wherever she sent him. But if he survived whatever worlds Ana sent him to… He opened his mouth, about to say he wanted to learn how to survive. No, that wasn't right. That would be oh so simple. No one would train him to fight Voldemort or fight the Death Eaters. He was just a kid to everyone else. Not mature enough. Not an adult…even though he had probably faced far worse than any of them. "I want…" Harry whispered, "If I survive these worlds…" he began, "Then…I'll learn whatever lesson I want, right?" Ana nodded. "And…whatever I want to learn, it has to be a possibility to me, right?" Harry said slowly. "Anything you wish to learn can be possible." Ana told him slowly, "What do you want to learn?" Harry swallowed hard, realizing just how messed up his desire was. "I want to learn to be a capable killer." A smile slowly made its way onto Ana's face, "Oh? I didn't expect that… Then the cat simply disappeared beneath him. He was floating. The world around him seemed to glow and warp into strange spiralling light. Everything vanished.
Another chapter posted and I still don't own Harry Potter…nor do I own Assassination Classroom. The new world seemed normal enough, Harry decided. He'd spent the day as his new school. For some reason he'd been placed in the E-class. The E-class was for those kids who did poorly in school. Harry…had automatically been capable of speaking Japanese for some reason. He also had some money from Ana for him to live off of for now. But his mild understanding of Japanese and his dwellings and money were all the help he was going to get. It made sense, Harry soon learned, that he was in the E-class. He'd done well in elementary school, but he was behind as far as muggle subjects went. And he knew that history and Japanese were going to be his worst subject. He didn't understand all the symbols, or kanji as it was called. He had about an elementary level education. He quickly learned that in order to do this, he was going to have to play catch-up. He'd scheduled a meeting with the principal, a condescending man who had told him his report card had said he had had violent outbursts of sorts in his last school. Something Ana had put on his report, was she trying to make him look bad? He would go along with it for now, though he didn't like it. Everyone in the class was hated by the rest of the school. The E-class was separated from the rest of the main campus residing a way up the mountain behind the main school building. The whole class gave off an air of gloom and depression. They had given up on hoping for anything better, it seemed. Harry took a seat near the back of the class, deciding to stay in the shadows for now. Who knew how this world would differ from his own. He didn't know how long he was going to be in this world. He only knew that he had to survive it…and then move onto the next one…and survive that one too…and the one after that…and maybe the one after that. Harry didn't know how many worlds he'd be going to. He didn't know how long he was going to have to survive before he returned to his original world. He felt himself shake a little. Was this…anticipation? He introduced himself as normally as he could when he arrived, bowing in front of the class, as he'd been told to do. He didn't gravitate towards anyone. Not yet. As he started on his way home, he heard something odd, like a sonic boom. It was all over the internet that night, and into the next morning. The moon had been blown apart. Or, at least seventy percent of it. The moon now hung in the sky, a permanent crescent shape. Whatever had done that was obviously dangerous. This world…was not like his own. He'd been warned, hadn't he? He knew deep down that it was possible he'd wind up in the middle of conflicts. In the middle of things far over his head. He'd asked Ana to teach him to kill. He'd actually been surprised when he'd come that he'd entered a relatively normal world. There didn't appear to be any magic either…unless the blown apart moon was magic? This was a story, Harry had to remind himself, so logically, this would be some sort of turning point, which meant something would probably happen very soon. And so, with that in mind, Harry left for school. Harry was surprised to see a giant yellow octopus dressed up in black robes and a graduation hat with a tassel over the side, cheeks turned up in a permanent toothy smile. There was a man with a gun, pointing his weapon at the squid, a man and woman to the creature's other side standing tall and stiffly, like soldiers. No, Harry thought, not 'like' soldiers. They were government, probably. Once everyone had taken a seat, too stunned to speak, the creature broke the silence in a far too happy voice, "Yo," he began, and Harry was quite certain it was a he, "I'm the one who destroyed part of the moon." The students' jaws dropped. Harry stared at the creature, stunned. "I plan on doing the same to the earth next year." The creature continued, "Now I'm your teacher. Nice to meet you." Its tentacles waved in the air wildly, there were four that Harry could see. The man standing to the teacher's side, next to the woman spoke next. There were at least six things wrong with this picture, Harry thought dryly, and he was certain everyone else was thinking something along the same lines. "I'm Karasuma from the Ministry of Defense. First of all, do know that what I'm about to say is a state secret." He took in a deep breath, as though to ready himself, "Let me be blunt, I want you to kill this creature." Harry's eyes widened slightly at this. What…was happening exactly? "Um…" a red head boy spoke up, not bothering to raise his hand because, let's face it, the whole thing was absurd, "What is that? Is it an alien or whatever that came to attack us…" "How rude!" the alien protested, "I'll have you know that I was raised on earth!" He looked angry, Harry thought, though more so in the way that a cartoon did. His yellow face had turned red and his eyes were narrowed as his tentacles thrashed about in a more energetic fashion. "I'm afraid I can't discus the details," Karasuma said calmly, "But he's telling the truth. Come March next year, this creature that smashed the moon, will destroy the earth as well." Yikes, Harry thought. So…in order to stop that from happening…he needed to kill it? Harry swallowed hard, drawing in a sharp breath through his nose. He needed to calm down. Logically, he knew…this was a world that was going to help him become a killer. Being a killer meant that he would kill someone. And this…yellow squid thing was going to be his first kill. Or…well, he'd technically killed Quirrell before, so…did that count? Even though it was self-defence… "Only the worlds leaders know about this." Karasuma said, "If news of this guy got out there, we'd be looking at a global panic. You need to kill him in secret before that happens. In other words," He reached into his jacket and brought out a green knife. Quick as a flash, he tried to stab the creature, only for it to disappear in a blur. He couldn't follow it with his eyes at all. He nearly thought it was teleporting! "An assassination!" Karasuma stabbed again where the creature had appeared, "But this guy..." his eyes moved to where the strange tentacle monster had appeared again and stabbed, "Is extremely fast! If you try to kill it…" it appeared behind him and started…trimming Karasuma's eyebrows of all things! "And he ends up trimming your eyebrows instead-immaculately!" It was clear that he was annoyed, Harry would be too. Karasuma swiped with the blade again, a blast of air traveled through the class as the tentacle monster moved out of the way once again. "This being has the ability to turn a full moon into a crescent!" Karasuma shouted with frustration, "His speed tops out at Mach twenty. In short, if he gets away, we'll be left helpless, awaiting destruction." "And that's no fun." The tentacle monster interrupted, putting away his eyebrow trimmer kit, "So, I made the government an offer. No killing me. Instead, I'll teach class three E at Kunugigaoka Junior High School." But why? Harry wondered, not exactly the move of a criminal mastermind. "We don't know what he's after." Karasuma admitted grudgingly, "But we were forced to agree, on the condition that he doesn't harm any of you students. We have two reasons. First and foremost, coming to class every day lets us keep an eye on him, and second, it gives some thirty people the opportunity to kill him from extremely close range." He closed his eyes and let out a small breath, "Payment for the assassination will be ten billion yen." This seemed to shock the students. It made sense. You needed a motive to kill, money could be a motive. Without it, the students would be more hesitant. Of course, Harry had his own motives. He needed to get back home. If he killed this strange creature, that probably mean mission accomplished…right? "It's only right," Karasuma continued, "A successful assassination will save the earth. Luckily, he doesn't think much of you." There were green lines on the creature's face and Harry did get the distinct impression that he was looking down on them. "Obviously!" he spoke, "If the government can't kill me then, how can you? Even when they sent their cutting edged fighter jets after me…I ended up giving them a coat of wax mid-air!" he said boastfully. Why the grooming? Harry wondered, to annoy them? The woman went out into the hall, then she and another man with glasses carted in a rack of guns, pistols, riffles, knives and other weapons. "You must find a chink in its armor." Karasuma said, "And strike at it. You'll have weapons and ammo that won't hurt humans, but will work on him. You must keep this secret from your family and friends." There were some looks exchanged at this. "There's no time to lose! If the earth should disappear, we'll have nowhere left to run." He said gravely. "And, that's about it." The tentacle monster's grin seemed to widen, "Let's make the most of your remaining year!" Guns, ammo, knives and all sorts of weapons were passed around the class. Harry thought that it must have been a shock. The whole thing was rather insane, actually. Harry took some of the weapons off the rack, feeling the weight of them in his hands. These weapons were designed to kill… He needed to use these weapons to kill… By lunch time, the government agents had left the classroom, leaving the student alone with the tentacle monster. They started on math first. The rest of the students were a bit behind, but the…teacher turned out to be rather good, explaining things often times in a comical sort of way. Harry was surprised that he was completely getting it while he'd previously felt quite out of place in the muggle school. Harry quickly fell into a routine with the rest of the class. In the mornings, the teacher would take attendance, and they would start firing their guns all at once during this time in hopes of one of the bullets hitting. The problem, Harry observed, was that no one could hit the octopus teacher, not to mention he seemed to travel far faster than the bullets. If he had any hope of hitting the teacher he would have to predict where he would go, then shoot in the opening. But Harry couldn't follow his movements let alone predict anything The third day in, Harry didn't shoot right away with the rest of the class. Instead, he observed the bullets and tried to find a pattern. Shooting would be useless and as they were going now, they were only wasting ammo. Attendance was finished, and before the class's attacks stopped. "Too bad." The teacher said when it was all over, "Not a single bullet hit it's mark today either." When the bell signalled lunch time, the teacher made his way over to the window, stating he was going to go to China for some mapo tofu. "Let's see…" Rio Nakamura thought out loud, "If he's traveling at Mach twenty…" "It will take him approximately ten minutes to get to Sichuan." "Guess no missiles could shoot that down…" "Heck that octopus even grades papers while moving faster than the speed of sound!" "Seriously?" It was true, Harry recalled, he'd gotten a test back, right after one of their teacher's trips. It had been fully marked and…maybe not the best, but he'd definitely been improving under their assassination target's tutelage. "Don't you think he's pretty good at teaching though?" "I know, he helped me with my math after classes." "Yeah but…we are the E-class." Harry winced a bit when the gloom and hopelessness seemed to seep back into the classroom. "Trying our best won't do much." The end of class drew near and the teacher wrote their next assignment up on the board, "Alright," he began, "Compose a short poem to go along with our theme. The final line should be, 'was tentacles all along.'" A couple of people blanched at that, but Harry took it in stride. He started writing out a short poem…it wasn't particularly good, but as Harry looked it over and improved it a touch, he thought it was better than the last few attempts at poetry. "Ano, sensei!" Kaede raised her hand. "Ah – yes Kayano-san?" he turned pink briefly, Harry noted. Which meant he was slightly sluggish. He's seen the behaviour occurring every now and then after lunch. Harry had seen Nagisa taking notes and had thought it might be a good idea. A way of finding their teacher's weakness. There was no way they were going to win in a fair fight against the professor. "This is a weird question, but what's your name?" she inquired, "How else can we tell what teacher we're talking about?" "My…name?" he repeated. "Now that you mention it…" "He never did tell us…" "Hmm…" he scratched the top of his head with a tentacle, "I don't really have the sort of name you can tell someone. Go ahead and give me one." "You sure about that?" Hiroto asked doubtfully. "But right now focus on your schoolwork." The teacher dismissed. "Hai." Kaede said cheerfully. "Meanwhile, I'll just take a little break." The teacher leaned back in his chair, his face turning pink. Nagisa stood up. "Ah, already done, Nagisa-kun?" Harry's eyes followed him, and noticed the knife hidden behind his paper. An assassination attempt? He hadn't seen Nagisa try all that hard so far…had he just been waiting? Nagisa hadn't really shown up on his radar all that much, but this seemed rather out of character for him. Harry drew in a sharp breath. It was like…all of a sudden, the air around him changed. Like there was something…dark and dangerous about Nagisa. The grenade went off, exploding with a loud "Boom!". He looked away, closing his eyes tightly. When the explosion died down he forced himself to look, desperately hoping that Nagisa was somehow okay. "Yes!" "We did it!" "Ten billion yen, cha-ching!" Three students leaped up, Terasaka, Yoshida, and Muramatsu. Harry shot them a glare, as did most of the class. "Terasaka!" "What have you done!?" The three made their way over to the charred corpse. "Did you…" Suddenly everyone in the room froze, a horrible chill running down their spines and a sinking feeling making its way into their guts. Harry was shocked. Horrified. Maybe more scared than he'd ever been in his life. Koro-sensei was alive and on the roof. He looked furious "Just try…to sacrifice your classmate?" "A-ah…" Terasaka couldn't form words, he was too scared. The teacher in question blurred into existence in front of the class while Nagisa ripped open the strange membrane he was stuck under. They all then received a scolding they would never forget. Koro-sensei vanished and returned with the plates of their homes, dropping them in front of them. This was blackmail.
I have a lot of chapters to post. No. Seriously. This particular story is almost done! But it's so…so long! I was always embarrassed about posting fanfiction. Actually, I was embarrassed about posting or publishing any of my work. But I've gained a bit of confidence recently and I feel like sharing. Even if I'm brutally told my writing sucks…well, I think I could brush it off. This is stuff I wrote years ago, after all and I think I've improved since then. I've actually run a little experiment where I posted my most recent fanfics online and my really old fics. I was surprised by the results. Anyways, I don't own Assassination Classroom. Nor do I own Harry Potter. Karasuma started taking over as a teacher in their gym classes, his eyes often times around assessing at the other students. During their drills which usually consisted of practicing with their rubber anti-sensei knives. "Karasuma-sensei, is there really any point to all this training?" Hiroto asked skeptically, "And should we really be doing it right in front of our target?" "It's the same in assassination as in studying." Karasuma said simply, "Drill the basics and they'll serve you well. Isogai-kun, Maehara-kun, step forewords." The two boys stepped away from the group of students towards their teacher. "Try hitting me with those knives." Karasuma ordered. This surprised the two boys. "Are you sure?" Yuma asked, not wanting to hurt him. "As a team?" Hiroto wondered. "Those knives won't hurt us humans." Karasuma reassured, "If they can give me so much as a scratch, you can go home for the day." He loosened his tie, preparing for their attack. "Er…well, okay." Yuma said, then lunged with his knife, only for Karasuma to sidestep his strike. "Come on." Karasuma ordered in a bored tone of voice. Hiroto lunged too, only for Karasuma to grab his hand and dance around him, pushing him by the back and causing Hiroto to stumble away. They both tried slashing, but were promptly pushed away with very little effort. "As you see, with a little knowledge, even I can handle the knives of two armatures." The attacks stopped, then both boys lunged at him, frustrated, only to both be grabbed and tossed to the ground. "If you can't even hit me, your chances of hitting him at Mach twenty are slim to none. See," he tilted his head towards the sandbox, "While we were sparring, he built Osaka castle in the sandbox, changed clothes and is now brewing tea!" True enough, Koro-sensei was dressed in a very traditional green outfit, a cup of tea on his lap as he watched the students. "How infuriating!" "Once the whole class is capable of hitting me," Karasuma helped Yuma and Hiroto to their feet, "Our chances of success will increase by leaps and bounds." He turned to the class, "During gym class I'll be teaching you stabbing, shooting…all the assassination basics." "Whoa." Tomohito murmured. That certainly worked for Harry. He'd been hoping to learn all that stuff anyways. His gut clenched a little still. It was official now. He was being trained to kill. "That's all for today." Karasuma decided. The class all bowed. "Thank you very much." They all said at once. As they were heading back to the old school building, Nagisa exclaimed, "Karuma-kun, you're back." Harry detected a hint of wariness in Nagisa's tone, like he wasn't sure how he felt about that. He was sipping on strawberry milk and his eyes immediately went to Koro-sensei. "Ah, that's the infamous Koro-sensei?" he made his way down the stone steps and towards the teacher, "Whoa, he really does look like an octopus." He wasn't trying to be rude, Harry noted, on the contrary, he was laying on the charm rather thick. Thick enough that Harry didn't trust him at all. Danger signals were blaring in Harry's mind. "Akabane Karuma…is it?" Koro-sensei asked, "I heard your suspension was up today. But you shouldn't be tardy on your first day back." His face turned purple and an X appeared across it. Karuma laughed charmingly, "It's hard to get back into the swing of things." He said sheepishly, "Feel free to call me by my first name. Nice to meet you, teach." He held out his hand to shake. "Likewise, let's make this a fun year." He shook his hand, only for his tentacle to explode. He quickly blurred backwards as Karuma tried to slice him with his hidden knife. "Eh…you're really fast." His façade dropped completely and Harry caught a glimpse of his hand, covered in what looked like strips from an anti-sensei knife. "To get caught in such a simple trick, sensei…and to jump back all the way, are you a scardy cat?" he walked towards the teacher slowly. The rest of the class watched in awe. "I heard they call you Koro-sensei because you're unkillable. But what's this?" he leaned over to the side, a sadistic smile on his face, "Are you a pushover after all?" Koro-sensei's face was turning red with anger. "Nagisa?" Kaede asked, "What kind of person is Karuma-kun?" Nagisa seemed to be the only one familiar with him. "Well…" Nagisa began, not taking his eyes off Karuma, "We were in the same class, our first and second years together. But then his continued violent behaviour earned him an expulsion, and those students end up in E-class too. But…he might just be a star student." Nagisa admitted. "What do you mean?" Kaede inquired. "When it comes to deadly weapons and foul play, Karuma's got us all beat." Harry stared at the red-head a while, before turning away and thinking on what he'd just witnessed. Karuma's assassination attempt had come very suddenly. Unexpectedly. Sticking the knife pieces to his hand had been creative. That's right…in order to kill Koro-sensei, he was going to have to be creative too. Class was unusually quiet after that, except for the 'squish squish' of Koro-sensei's tentacles hitting the wall. From what Harry could tell, he was sulking, eventually, one of the students got upset and told him to stop it. Karuma was rather full of himself, bragging about his injuring the teacher. Eventually Koro-sensei told them to stop talking. "Ah, sorry, sorry, I'll just have some gelato instead." Where did he get that? Harry wondered looking at the ice cream cone Karuma had in his hand oddly. "T-that's the gelato I brought back from Italy yesterday!" he exclaimed. Was he trying to rile him up? Harry wondered. Instead of the politeness and pleasant demeanor he'd exhibited before, Karuma had decided to drop all niceties and provoke him at every turn. Kuro-sensei eyes wandered over to Karuma. He started walking towards him, then vanished. He returned with a vacuum and started sucking up all the anti-sensei BBs on the floor. He let out a sigh, and at Mach speed, grabbed a vacuum and vacuumed up the BBs. "No assassination attempts while class is in session." The next day, Harry arrived a little later than usual. When he entered the classroom, he noticed an obvious gloom had settled over all those that were present. It didn't take him long to discover the source of the rotten mood. There, on the teacher's podium was an octopus with a skewer through its head. Someone was playing mental games, Harry thought. His eyes traveled to the back of the class where Karuma was smirking proudly at his accomplishment. Harry just shook his head and took his seat, he took out a book he'd gotten from one of the book stores in town. He took a few notes in the margins. "Ah, that's an interesting looking book." Karuma said, looking over at him. Harry sat only two desks away, diagonally from Karuma. It was a book on past assassinations in Japan. "I suppose." Harry said slowly. "What's it about?" Karuma inquired with his fake charm. "History." Harry answered, half lying to him. He didn't want to draw too much attention to himself. "Hmm…Looks old. Should you really be writing in it?" he tilted his head to the side. "It's my book, so I'll do as I like." Harry answered, flipping to the next page. It may have been a bit old…and it had been a bit expensive, eating up a good amount of his savings. But Harry wasn't a big spender and he had no plans on using his money on anything other than clothes, food and rent anyways. Why had he drawn Karuma's attention anyways? Harry shifted uneasily. Koro-sensei came in, cheerfully singing "Good morning." Only to pause when he noticed the mood, he saw the octopus and Karuma spoke up. "Ah, my bad." Karuma said sardonically, "I mistook it for you and killed it instead. Bring it here and I'll dispose of it." Harry saw the anti-sensei knife behind his back and rolled his eyes, looking back at his book. If Koro-sensei messed up now, that was on him. If Koro-sensei won, then Karuma would try to start a war. "Alright." Koro-sensei said calmly, picking up the octopus and bringing it over towards Karuma. Then, when he was by Karuma's desk, his tentacles turned into drills. Harry looked up momentarily with a raised eyebrow. In a flash, Koro-sensei blurred, disappearing a moment, then reappearing with a ballistic missile and a bunch of every day kitchen ingredients which Harry recognised easily. What was he planning to do with that? "Allow me to show you, Karuma-kun, the might of these drill tentacles and the firepower of this missile filched from the Self-Defense force!" The missile end caught fire. The drill tentacles spun around, cooking the takoyaki at an incredible speed. One takoyaki ball was stuck into Karuma's mouth before he even had a chance to react. He coughed it out, confusion on his face. Koro-sensei then looked back at Karuma, "I could tell from your pallor that you hadn't had breakfast yet. I whipped these Takoyaki balls up at Mach speed. They'll put you well on your way to being nice and healthy." He picked up one of the takoyaki balls with one of his drill tentacles and offered it to Karuma who glared at him, though he was starting to look very confused. "Karuma-kun, what I do is tend to things, take care of them. Like an assassin's rusty blade. So, keep trying to kill me all day today in earnest. Every time you do, I'll take care of you. By the end of the day, your body and mind will be polished and sparkling!" Harry stared at the absurd scene in utter bewilderment. Just what was Koro-sensei trying to do? Win him over? Their first period was math. "…As you can see, this number is left over no matter what you do. If this indivisibility is getting you down, then have I got the method for you!" Suddenly his tentacle shot out and grabbed the gun out of Karuma's hand. "Oh, Karuma-kun? I'm afraid it takes too long for the BB to hit. And since I had plenty of time." He showed the class the nail polish and care products he was holding, "I gave you a little nail art." Karuma gritted his teeth, looking at his nails which were now painted with octopi and Takoyaki balls. Fourth period was home economics, Harry's best class. Karuma tried to distract the teacher by tossing a girl's soup, only to be dressed up in a cute, pink, frilly apron. Harry shook his head and returned to cooking his own dish, now growing used to the whole thing. Yakisoba noodles with his own special sauce. "Wha! Sugoi, Harry-kun." Nagisa complimented. Harry felt his face heat up a bit. He'd never been complimented on his cooking before…he'd never really thought of it as a skill before either. "Thank you, Nagisa-kun." Harry smiled a little bit. "Eh," Koro-sensei looked over, "That does look good. You seem to have a talent for cooking, Potter-kun." "Not really." Harry said modestly, "I live on my own, so I had to learn how to cook for myself." "Hmm…" Nagisa looked at him, impressed by his skills. At the end of the day, Harry packed up his things and made his way to leave. He slung his bag over his shoulder and walked out into the fresh air where he saw Nagisa and Karuma already hanging out by the edge of the cliff. "Ah, Harry-kun!" Nagisa called, waving him over. Curious, Harry made his way over to the two of them, "Hello, Nagisa-kun, Karuma-kun." Harry greeted the two. "Yo." Karuma waved, he was perched on a branch, rather precariously over the cliff. He slid off, back onto the solid ground. "So," he began, "What's your story exactly?" "K-Karuma-kun!" Nagisa protested. "Hm?" Harry tilted his head to the side, "What do you mean?" Karuma raised an eyebrow, "I saw your folder." "Oh?" Harry thought back to what Ana might have written that would draw Karuma's attention. "Violent behaviour?" Karuma raised an eyebrow, "And yet…you seem as docile as a mouse." Harry shifted again, not really sure what to say. "You haven't made a single attempt on Koro-sensei's life." He continued, "Even when everyone is firing their weapons during morning attendance." He smirked, "What is it? Used to the playground and now that it's real, you're all frozen?" Harry's lips thinned. Karuma might be a thug, but he had no idea, no clue what his life had been like. "We both know Koro-sensei isn't going to die from an attack like that." "A coward then." Harry felt anger rage through him. "Let me guess," Karuma smirked, "You were a petty bully and now that you're playing with the big boys…" Harry's jaw clenched, "Not even close. And I hate bullies." Karuma's eyebrow rose questioningly. "A history of violence…yeah. I guess I do have a history like that." Harry's eyes dulled as he looked up at Karuma. The red-head's brow furrowed, like he saw something he hadn't expected. "Karuma-kun!" They turned to see Koro-sensei approaching them, "I've certainly taken good care of you today, haven't I?" Green lines appeared on his face, which meant he was looking down on them. "You can still try to kill me though; I'll just polish you up even shinier." Karuma smiled, getting up from his spot by the overhanging branch, "Just to make sure, you are a teacher, correct?" Harry felt uneasy, something bad was about to happen. "Yes." "And you would, say, risk your life to protect your students?" "Of course, I'm a teacher after all." Koro-sensei said proudly. "Okay, good." He took a gun out of his pocket and pointed it at Koro-sensei, "I can kill you then." He started falling backwards off the cliff, "For sure." Harry paled and looked down over the cliff. He pulled out his wand and looked over the edge…just in time to see Koro-sensei create a net, entrapping the red-head Harry slid the wand back into his sleeve. He felt shaken. Karuma…he'd been prepared to kill himself. And Harry had nearly given away his secret. He picked up his bag off the ground as Koro-sensei grabbed Karuma and flew them both up to the top of the cliff. Had they noticed? Harry looked over at Nagisa who seemed oblivious. He looked back down. He didn't doubt it was possible that during his fall, Koro-sensei had noticed his wand. He doubted he'd know what it was though. He might think it odd…or maybe he'd pass it off. Karuma didn't seem so full of hate anymore.
I've decided that I'll just post four chapters of this fic for the time being. I'll post more in a few days, don't worry too much. But four is more than enough to start it off, right? I do not own Harry Potter or Assassination Classroom. The next day, Harry made his way down to school early. He made his way down to the staff room. Karasuma was on his computer and barely noticed him enter. "Something I can do for you, Potter-kun?" Harry shook his head, "I'm setting up a trap for Koro-sensei." He was going to attempt an assassination. The previous night, he'd brewed a potion. When Harry thought of assassination, he thought poison. Thanks to Snape, Harry knew a lot about poisons. It was difficult not to in his potions class. He doubted he'd be the first one to come up with something like poison, so Harry had opted to be a touch more creative. A magic poison. One he'd brewed himself in his apartment the other night. Karasuma looked over his paper, noting the vial in his hand, "Poison?" He guessed. Harry nodded, "I made it myself…I noticed something about Koro-sensei…He can adapt really easily, can't he?" Karasuma raised an eyebrow at his observations. "I mean, when you think about it," Harry continued, "All the things he can do…I'm not entirely certain that those things aren't adaptations, because they're so specific. It's just a theory, because I don't know enough about him yet…but I thought, if I could spike him with a less commonly known poison…Please don't tell him it was me who did this if he survives though." Karasuma gave him an odd look, but nodded none-the-less, wondering why he didn't want Koro-sensei to know. He hadn't expected Harry to make an assassination attempt in all honestly. He was an odd student. He didn't take part in the shootings at the beginning of their morning attendance and he didn't appear to have any friends either. He was a bit like a ghost. Those types of people preferred to stay in the background and not draw attention to themselves. Although, his file contrarily said that he had a penchant for violence. "The gelato is his, right?" Harry whispered as he opened the fridge. "It is." Karasuma confirmed, wondering what sort of poison Harry was using. Harry nodded, pouring the poison over the ice cream treat. It was odorless, tasteless, and highly deadly. Harry had never been particularly confident in his potion making skills, but it looked the right color. It also had the right consistency. He knew that it would, at the very least, work the way it was supposed to. "Wha!" The sound of a horrific scream could be heard during their lunch break. Harry got up from his desk and ran down the hall. A few students traveled after him. Koro-sensei seemed to be…melting. "What is…someone put an unknown poison in my gelato!" "Unknown poison?" Nagisa repeated. A shot rang out, but Koro-sensei dodged to the side. The teacher looked at Harry with surprise, "Potter-kun?" "Harry-kun?" Nagisa wondered. Harry didn't say anything, but he tried taking a few more shots at the teacher, before the yellow being fled out the window. "Ch." Harry lowered his weapon. When classes began, Koro-sensei returned. He still looked pretty beat from the poison he'd ingested. His form seemed to jiggle and become somewhat liquid-like every now and then before solidifying. Harry took out his notebook, noting down that Vampire's Bane, the poison he'd used, seemed to work rather well at slowing him down, at least. A lot of the students attempted an attack on him when they noticed his condition, but they hadn't come nearly as close as Harry had that morning. "Are you the poisoner?" Karuma accused him. Harry shrugged, looking away. Everyone else seemed rather confused by the attempt on Koro-sensei's life, none of them knew who had done it. Everyone except him. It didn't take Harry long before he realized he stood out. There were whispers, uncertain looks. They knew he was up to something now. Time to slink back into the shadows. The whispers and rumors about Harry seemed to die down after about a week. No one seemed as tense around him anymore. Harry was quickly starting to formulate a new plan. He was starting to pick up on common themes among the assassination attempts that were closest to achieving success. Catching Koro-sensei off guard caused him to panic. He also needed to catch him at a good time. Right after lunch, Koro-sensei would gain an interesting expression. His face would go pink. Nagisa had struck at that time before…Harry wanted to do the same. Right after lunch…it was Japanese class. "Now then," Koro-sensei began, "Can anyone fill in the blank at the top?" Harry saw an opportunity. He knew the answer too. This was perfect. He raised his hand, trying to not look too eager. Several other hands rose as well. "Yes? Potter-kun?" Harry got up. He remembered Kurama's attempts and Nagisa's attempts. Nagisa had completely hidden it. That strange feeling of danger that Kurama had often given off when he was about to try to kill Koro-sensei. He needed to calm down. He was just answering a question. Like taking a walk through the park. He took the chalk from Koro-sensei's offered tentacle. He wrote on the board what he thought the answer was, then paused. "Sensei…have you ever considered a pointer?" "Pointer?" Koro-sensei tilted his head to the side, as though questioningly. "Like this." Harry's wand came out of his sleeve, "You know, how teachers point to different things every now and then." He pointed to the board, then tapped his wand point to Koro-sensei. The curse he planned on using…would kill him for sure. "Avada Kadavra." BOOM! And then there was silence. Everyone stared in shock at the burned hole where the wall of their classroom used to be. "Shoot." Harry said. He'd been hoping that would work…Now he didn't have the element of surprise on his side. "Wha!? What – What -What was that!?" Koro-sensei gapped at the hole with shock. Harry turned around and shot his gun at him. Koro-sensei was panicking. That meant he was vulnerable. He managed to hit one of his tentacles. Good. That was what he'd been hoping for. All too suddenly, Koro-sensei started melting, much as he'd done before when he'd eaten the poison. He shot again four more times before he ran out of BBs in his clip. He hit him a second time though. He dropped the gun and pulled out a knife. Koro-sensei dodged, then fled out the window. Harry clicked his tongue, "Shoot." "What…" One of his classmates began. "What was that?" Karasuma asked from the doorway. He'd arrived due to the explosion. "I coated some of my bullets in poison." Harry said quietly, "In Vampire's Bane. I tested it out a week ago to see if it would have any effects on Koro-sensei. His body is highly adaptable, so I didn't know whether or not it would work or not." Harry paused, "I knew that if I did something suddenly. Something completely unexpected and unknown that it might catch Koro-sensei off guard…if it didn't take him out first. If it didn't work, then I'd have an opening anyways from the attack and use the poisoned bullets. Once he was under the effects of the poison, I thought he'd be easier to take down. I hit him only twice though before I ran out of bullets so I had to switch over to a knife." Karasuma's eyebrows had risen up to his hairline. This boy…had planned all that out? Then the assassination attempt a week ago…it was just a plan that had been leading up to this. Just how many traps had this boy set? Harry shifted uncomfortably. "What was that stick thing you used?" Karuma piped up, "That little display there with the green light…" Harry bit his lower lip. He supposed it didn't really matter if they knew. In this world, people with magic probably didn't exist. But…His eyes traveled to Karasuma. The government was involved. He looked down, thinking a bit about what he was going to tell them. "I made a modified explosive device." Would they buy that? Some of them seemed to. After a month in the E-class, no one had managed to kill Koro-sensei yet. But Harry had gotten closest out of anyone. Despite Koro-sensei's skills, he did have a few very vague weaknesses. Harry had opted to slink back into the shadows once again. He needed to be patient and come up with something a little better than his last assassination attempt, obviously. Cleverness was good and all, and Harry was surprised even at his own ingenuity. But learning the physical aspects and the weapons stuff was kind of important too. A woman came into their class one day with Koro-sensei and Karasuma. She was practically hanging off of Koro-sensei. A beautiful blond woman, obviously foreign, much like Harry was. With pouty lips, clear blue eyes, an hour-glass figure and rather large assets. "Now, allow me to introduce your brand new, temporary foreign language teacher." Karasuma didn't even look at the woman as he stood stoically, eyes gazing out at the class. "Irina Jelavic. Nice to meet you all." The woman introduced in a cutesy sort of voice. The type that most men might swoon over. It was cutesy, innocent, a bit air-headed, but with an intelligence about it. Harry didn't trust her one little bit. Maybe he was being paranoid but so far…he couldn't help but think that his paranoia might be a good thing. Besides, would a new teacher really be joining them so early in the game? She could be an assassin, he thought. It was certainly a good opportunity to bring an actual professional in on this. Harry rested his chin in his hand, not looking bored, but not appearing enthusiastic either. "What a knockout." One of the boys whispered. "What knockers!" "Wait…why's she all over him?" one of the girls asked, annoyance and doubt in her voice. "Pisses me off…" "This school intends to give you authentic experience in foreign languages." Karasuma said, silencing the doubtful murmurs, "I trust there are no complaints about her taking over part of your English classes." His eyes moved over to Koro-sensei. He certainly didn't seem to be complaining. In fact, he seemed to be enjoying the attention from Irina. "I guess it can't be helped." Koro-sensei trailed off, looking down at the busty beauty who was smiling happily. Harry could hear Nagisa talking to Kaede silently and picked up part of their conversation. "I wonder how Koro-sensei will react to having a human woman hanging all over him." Nagisa started at them intensely, waiting for their reaction, "His face has so many unique colors—So what color is bewilderment?" Koro-sensei's eyes traveled down to Irina's breasts and his face turned completely pink, his smile widened and his eyes tilted in. It looked…rather perverted. "How…human of him." Nagisa murmured, writing something down on his notepad, Harry caught a glimpse of it. It read, Koro-sensei's Weak Point #5: Boobs Harry had to stifle a laugh at that. Irina cooed, "The more I look at you the more I like what I see." She looked up at him longingly, "Your beady eyes like two diarrhea pills…Your undefined joints…Why, you're positively captivating!" she snuggled up next to him. "Yah~how embarrassing." Koro-sensei scratched the back of his head, enjoying the compliments…though Harry had doubts as to whether or not they really were compliments.
Another chapter of the Dark Animetopoeia. This is the version I came up with when I was feeling particularly edgy. Still not sure whether or not I should release the magical girl version of Animetopoeia. Seriously considering it though. I do not own Harry Potter or Assassination Classroom Their second period class was gym. They played soccer, while simultaneously taking shots, with a gun at Koro-sensei, who dodged out of the way easily. Their game was interrupted when Irina came running out of the school, "Koro-sensei! Oh, Koro-sensei!" she waved, then she quickly started clinging to him, "Karasuma-sensei tells me that you're so very fast! Is that true?" Koro-sensei of course, wouldn't miss an opportunity for showing off to Irina. He dropped the two soccer balls he was holding. "Ah, well I'm not that fast." He said with faux modesty. Harry tried to shoot him when his back was turn. But he sped out of the way without even looking over his shoulder. He hadn't turned…it was the gun, Harry thought. Guns made a loud sound. "Could you do me a favour and get me some Vietnamese coffee for my English class?" She batted her eyelashes cutely. "Ah, well," Koro-sensei flushed, "It just so happens I know a really nice café in Vietnam." He flew into the air, "I'll be back shortly." He took off at Mach twenty, causing a gust of wind to blow over the students. "Ano…Irina-sensei, it's about time for the next class, should we go in?" That was when the façade came down. Irina took out a cigarette, lit it up with a lighter, then calmly took a smoke, "Well, I don't particularly care, make it a free period or something." Harry rolled his eyes, "Figures." "Ha? Something wrong little boy?" she turned to him with a sassy smile, obviously trying to be seductive. Harry wasn't about to fall for it, "Your façade was obvious, and frankly, I find your fake personality annoying." A tick mark appeared on her forehead, "Well, you obviously don't have any sort of taste." Harry regarded her dully, "If you say so." He dismissed her. Harry didn't know why he felt so antagonistic towards her. Maybe he was just tired of crappy teachers…His mind wandered back to his various defense against the dark arts professors. All of them had been liars. All of them had some motive for being there that had nothing to do with teaching. And all of them had tried to kill Harry. Irina was a rather vain creature, and she certainly didn't like being dismissed. "Maybe when you're older you'll understand the adult world a little better." She smirked. "Sure." Harry rolled his eyes, "Whatever you say, lady." He turned around and started walking back. Now would probably be a good time to start taking notes. See how a professional did it. She was, if nothing else, a good actor. She was acting like this to get close to Koro-sensei. That wasn't a move Harry could pull (and he didn't want to try). But…maybe in the future, if it became necessary when he got back to his own world…The fact was, this was all training for when he returned home. His ultimate goal…was to kill Voldemort and take out his Death Eaters. During Gym class, Irina came over to Koro-sensei, asking him to meet her in the shed. Harry was pretty sure this was her assassination attempt. Koro-sensei took the bate, following after her like a love-sick puppy. The class all turned their heads, waiting for whatever was about to happen to happen. There was a sound of gunfire. A scream, though it wasn't Koro-sensei's scream. "No!" it was Irina. And then, a strange sort of moan came from inside, "No~" Some of the class sweat dropped. "Just…what are they doing in there?" Deciding to investigate, they moved up the hill as a unit. As they rounded the corner of the shed towards the door. Irina came out, dressed in a retro looking Gym outfit. She fell over and Koro-sensei came walking out of the shed. "Koro-sensei…what exactly did you do?" It was Irina who answered, "I-in just thirty seconds he loosened all the muscles in my back, gave me deep lymph oil massage…and that thing he did with his tentacles…" she grew silent while everyone wondered 'what thing with his tentacles!?' "Koro-sensei?" Nagisa asked him, "What did you do?" Koro-sensei's face became white, eyes staring off into the distance, "Sometimes adults need adult care." He said in a serious voice, as though he'd just done something noble. "That is not the face of an innocent!" Someone murmured. "No." Harry agreed, "Not it's not." It was then that Harry saw something interesting. One of the assassins had some sort of tube around the barrel of his gun. He wondered what that was… English class began soon after and Irina sat in the teacher's chair, scrolling through some sort of website and chewing on her thumb nail. She'd taken her defeat rather hard, but Harry was growing rather annoyed at her. He liked to think he was patient, but this was getting ridiculous. He wasn't the only one who was upset. Everyone was. Soon, they had started an argument, speaking up against the assassin. "Ha?" Irina frowned, "Why are you even trying anyways? You're the E-class, from what I've heard this is basically it for you, so why even bother studying anymore?" This got everyone looking rather murderous. She was soon driven from the room and they all began a self-study. After classes, Harry made his way to the teacher's lounge. Koro-sensei was gone for the day, but someone was still there. "Ano…Karasuma-sensei?" Harry began. The man looked up at him, "Potter-kun…can I do something for you?" He added when Harry approached him. "I have a question." Harry began, 'I noticed one of the gunmen Irena-san was using, he had this strange tube at the end of the barrel of his gun. What was that?" Karasuma's eyebrows rose, "Most likely, it was a silencer." "Silencer?" Harry repeated. "It muffles the noise of a gunshot." Harry was looking thoughtful now, a plan forming in his head. "How does it work?" The next day, Irina came into the English class and wrote something on the board. Harry nearly blushed when he read it. You are very good in bed. It read. "You are very good in bed. Repeat." Irina ordered. The class repeated, but only some people actually understood what it meant. Harry decided not to say anything. Even though it seemed like it might have been a joke, he could tell that she was completely serious. She looked down, face a bit flushed, "They say the fastest way to learn a language is to find yourself a lover who speaks that language." She explained hesitantly, "That's how I speak so many different languages. Basically, this translates to…you're very good in the sack." "Oy oy…just what exactly are you getting us junior high students to say?" Nagisa murmured. "I might not be much of a teacher," Irina said awkwardly, "And I may go off curriculum, but what I will teach you is how to best impress and seduce foreigners." Harry wanted to hit his head. He couldn't believe there was actually a class for that…Some of the boys seemed rather enthusiastic at the prospect of dating someone foreign. While some of the girls actually eyed Harry. Despite everything, Irina actually did turn out to be a pretty good teacher when she actually put her heart into it. She was pretty annoyed at the class's insistence that she be called "Bitch-sensei" an unfortunate play on her last name. The next day, Manami Okuda attempted an assassination on Koro-sensei. Harry hadn't seen her attempt anything so far, so it came as a mild shock. She came up to Koro-sensei's desk with three vials of potion in her hand and said in a timid voice, "A-ano, sensei…" she stuttered out. "Can I help you, Okuda-san?" Koro-sensei inquired. "Umm…" she closed her eyes and thrust the vials foreword, "This is poison. Please drink it." "Now that's…straight foreword." Hiroto said oddly. "I guess…" Manami said timidly, "That would be too much to ask?" Harry raised an amused eyebrow, that had to be the most honest assassination attempt he had ever seen. He wanted to laugh, but figured it would be rather rude considering she really was serious about it. To their surprise, Koro-sensei actually took one of the vials, "Well then, I'd be delighted to." He tipped it into his opened mouth. "No way!" "He drank it!" It can't possibly be that easy, Harry thought, there's a punchline in here somewhere… Suddenly, the teacher began to convulse, leaning over. "T-this is…" he murmured. "Is it working?" Yuma wondered. "Nyu." Koro-sensei's face turned blue; he grew small pointed horns on the top of his head. "And there's the punchline." Harry deadpanned. "Ah yes. This tastes like sodium hydroxide." He said proudly, "It's poisonous to humans, but not me, I'm afraid." He looked almost apologetic…almost. "Oh…" Manami said sadly. Koro-sensei looked at the other two vials in his hands, "There are two others, correct?" "Y-yes!" Manami stuttered out. "Alright then." He decided, he drank down the next vial and started convulsing just as he had before. This time he turned mint green and angel wings sprouted from out of the sides of his head. They actually moved! Flapping about a few times before he decided to drink the last vial of poison, which turned his face completely white and blank. "His changes are too unpredictable…" "It doesn't get any blanker than that." "He's like an emoji!" The blank faced professor looked to the side, "Even if you hate me, please don't hate assassination." He said. "What brought that on!?" The professor's face returned to normal, "By the way, Okuda-san." He began, causing the girl in question to look up, "I can't overlook a student making poison unsupervised. It's not safe." "Yes sir, I apologise." She said, taking the scolding. "If you have time later, why don't we work on a poison together that can kill me?" he offered. The girl beamed happily, "O-okay!" Harry looked off to the side, "He's too much."
