A/N: I wrote this story a few Halloweens ago as a horror comedy reversal of my other story 'The Five People Snape meets in Heaven'. This story is about 8 short chapters in total till the conclusion. I have since decided to revise and expand some chapters of it such as adding this prologue to explain how Sirius gets his new powers and lease on life. Concrit and suggestions welcome, thanks btw I am a huge Sirius fan but I made him rather dark and more evil in this story for the sake of horror, I do not actually think he would torture people, even his enemies...well maybe an exception for Peter Pettigrew? But perhaps not. yet he did sometimes take his pranks too far, and some were almost deadly, so who knows? The Five People Sirius Greets in Hell: Prologue ~o~ June 18, 1996 ~o~ Sirius fell through the Veil as Bellatrix's taunts and Harry's screams filled the air. For a moment everything went still and his eyes closed. Then with a pop he felt himself fall completely out of the living world—his hands had been the last to touch the air of the living world—and into the Veil's world. Surprisingly, he landed with a clunk onto a floor behind the Veil, which was very much like a curtain. On the other side, Sirius could still see dimly the on-goings in the Ministry and Harry chasing after Bellatrix. Remus wasn't much help and was trying to stop Harry from killing his cousin. "C'mon Moony, let him at her! She just killed me for crying out loud!" Sirius said as he watched in displeasure. "Now's not the time to do your moral-higher-than-thou act! I want justice!" Bloody Remus always tried to overcompensate for being a werewolf by being overly moral and holier-than-thou. Well, Sirius, had always had a very different idea of morality that allowed for much more fun. Finders keepers, losers weepers. Bullying made people stronger. Dangerous pranks were fun. Whiskey was better than water. He liked his broomsticks fast and his women even faster...Even his dark family, who enjoyed torturing house-elves among other things, condemned his lifestyle. It was hedonism, more so than being friends with the wrong sort, that truly got him kicked out of the Black family. He had long burnt all the bridges with his family before opposing Voldemort became the final straw that broke the camel's back. His family had certainly not been happy about the time he almost killed his younger brother Reggie by mailing him in a giant envelope ...that an owl then dropped from the sky...or the time Sirius burnt half the house down by putting literal fire crackers in the family's firecrackers at Christmas dinner. If Sirius became known for being kicked out by siding with muggleborns, it was to his credit. But it was not the whole story. He was more interested in casual flings with muggleborns and muggles rather than doing so out of some higher more principle...Though Sirius always did despise Voldemort and his prat supremacist friends. They reminded him of exactly the type of Slytherin nerds he enjoyed bullying at Hogwarts like Severus Snape. Sirius grimaced as he thought of how happy Snape would be now that he was gone. He looked for Harry on the other side of the curtain. But he could no longer see him, his godson had ran after Bellatrix to another room that was out of view. Yet he anticipated Harry might get him justice. For Mooney and the Ministry were certainly never going to deliver him any kind of justice. "Get her, Harry!" Sirius said and hoped he could watch the moment his deranged cousin died. Unfortunately, as he watched the Battle through the curtain, the translucence of the Veil became dimmer and dimmer until Sirius could no longer see at all to the other side. Sirius tried to move aside the curtain or stick his hand through it but it was to no avail. It was impenetrable. Glumly, Sirius looked around at the empty chambers around him. The building on this side of the Veil looked exactly like the matching buildings in the Ministry of Magic. However, there were no people here. Except for him. "Am I dead now?" Sirius wondered aloud. It was pretty obvious he was, from what he'd heard about the Veil, yet there was not harm in hoping otherwise. "Hello," a deep voice replied from among the shadows. Sirius squinted towards the source of the sound, trying to locate a figure or person who might be speaking. But there did not appear to be anyone there. "Can I help you?" Sirius attempted to sound congenial. The voice chuckled and the rooms around the Ministry seemed to echo and shake with the sound of the voice. Sirius felt certain that whoever had spoken to him was probably not human...and probably not God or an angel. There seemed to an inherently dark quality about this mysterious presence...which he could not quite put his finger on. "Do I know you?" Sirius asked. "Very well actually," the voice replied. "I am a fan of your work." The voice again was formless and seemed to come both from nowhere and everywhere as if right behind his ear. "How?" Sirius asked dubiously. "I don't remember being friends with a incorporeal voice." "Amusing," the voice said flatly. "But I can actually take infinite corporeal forms of my choosing." Sirius said with a roll of his eyes. "I can also turn into a dog, a stopwatch and various objects through transfiguration yet I do prefer to inhabit a body. Why don't you show yourself?" The voice chuckled. "Very well. But I regret to inform you that you no longer really inhabit a body." "So I am truly dead then?" Sirius swore under his breath. "Bugger it! Damn Bella!" "Yes, she is damned," the voice said. "You didn't say who you were?" "Of course, I will reveal myself, though you have known me all your life...I'm that little voice in your head that tells you to do things you shouldn't." "Jiminey Cricket?" Sirius asked, hoping against hope. "No, I believe that is a fictional character and he presents conscience, not lack of it." "So...you're...?" "The Devil," the voice said. "Way to beat around the bush," Sirius coughed uncomfortably. "Uh, hello Satan?" "My name is actually Stan. People get that wrong all the time." The voice lowered in disappointment. "I'm sorry, Stan." Sirius wondered if he was in some deranged dream. Perhaps he was not really dead. This was too strange, he was probably still napping at Grimmauld Place while Kreacher put gross things in his food. "Oh you're really dead," the voice, or rather Stan, corrected him. "I can hear your thoughts being a higher power." "Right. So I'm damned? This is H-E-double-hockey-sticks?" Sirius looked around...and he had to admit, he was rather underwhelmed. There were no fires or demons and this voice didn't even want to show itself as something scary or at least a guy with a pitchfork and horns. Or hooves. "I can hear you," Stan reminded him and then with a clicking sound manifested as a pale white man in a grey suit before him. Sirius stared in surprise at the very ordinary looking man before him. He had greying hair and blue eyes...and did not look the least bit like the devil but a business man.. "I don't feel the need to wear theatrical costumes to scare people, I have other methods. Though most days, I outsource my work to my employees. Demons, mostly. They get good pay and leave. Sometimes they take a private Disney cruise ship." "Really? Disney?" "It's one of our companies, along with Coca-Cola and Microsoft. Anyways, to answer your questions: No, this is not hell and you're not damned," Stan said and reached out to shake Sirius's hand. "Unfortunately, whenever someone falls through the Veil, they're caught in a limbo. We can neither take you above or below...unless..." "Unless what?" "Unless you either agree to become an angel or a demon. That is the only way you can leave the Limbo." "And if I choose to stay here?" "Well, you won't have any company, snacks or other sources of entertainment...you will just be confined to this space." "That is hell!" "So I take it, you would prefer to take on a spiritual job? Which one?" "Well...I've never been the angelic type..." "You can say that again," Stan said. "Your particular family has contributed a lot of twisted members to my domain!" "Is everyone in my family in hell?" "Almost, but not all of the Black family...but look at the time!" They both stared at his wristwatch which was the only thing unusual about then man: it was glaring red and now emitting what appeared to be steam as it beeped like a timer. "Hell is calling, I don't have much time to tarry." "Wait," Sirius said, formulating a plan. "If I become a demon, will I be able to visit earth?" "No, not unless someone asks to be possessed. Which doesn't happen that often now that Ouijja boards were banned by many Christians." "But you can?" "Yes, of course. The Devil can do anything he wants." "Can he take vacations?" "Of course I can," Stan replied rather huffily. Sirius had clearly reached a sore spot. "Yet when is the last time you took a vacation? You say your employees do, but when do you? Honestly, Stan you look stressed and I'm a bit concerned for your well-being." Stan folded his arms. "Are you trying to imply you could take over in my place?" "I am a Black aren't I? You know the type of psychopaths and tyrants that run in my veins." "Hmm..." ~o~ Stan stood uncertainly for a moment with his suitcases before handing over the keys to Hell. "Are you sure you can handle the Kingdom of Hell?" "It's only for a week, how much harm could I cause? It's not like I can burn down the place!" Stan laughed at his joke but shook his head. "It could be longer. I have some old friends I'd like to call up." "Take your time," Sirius said with a smile. "I have some old friends I'd like to call up too." Stan gave him a stern look. "You do know you can only harm people listed in the Book of Damnation don't you?" Sirius grinned. "Oh all the ones I want to visit are in there." "Good, follow the instructions in the manual I gave you." Stan smiled in satisfaction. "Truth be told, if you do well in this, I may leave you the keys for much longer." Stan wiped at his forehead. "You get burnt out after a few millenia of doing this job!" He tossed the keys to Sirius. "Give them hell!" "I plan to!" He waved goodbye at Stan and felt the power and new dimensionality pulse through the Hell key and into his being. ~O~ . .
~o~ Follow the instructions in the manual I gave you. Follow the instructions, Stan had said. Okay starting a new job was always hard work, not that Sirius knew an honest day's work in his life...but where the hell was the Instruction Manual? Sirius rolled his eyes at his own pun. After growing up with a name like Sirius, he had dealt with a lot of bad puns. But having hell as his new domain was going to give him a whole new supply of puns. "Where the hell is the Instruction manual?" Sirius chuckled to himself again. Stan had only given him the key which was just a simple brass key attached to a Microsoft keychain. He felt the brass of the key in between his fingers. Suddenly a small bird, or rather owl, appeared. It was dark as ebony with an ashy furry stomach. Its feathers were slick and yet looked scruffy. And out of its face stared two of the largest, most conniving owl eyes Sirius had ever seen. Owls always had striking eyes, yet this bird's large orange eyes glowed like lanterns. "Can I help you?" Sirius asked. He held the keys to hell protectively in his hand. The black owl opened its beak and spoke with a perfect English accent. "You called me, dumbass," the owl said with a female voice. "No, I didn't. Why would I want an owl? I'm not mailing anything. Yet." He assumed this bird must be the Devil's personal owl. Well he didn't need to mail anything right now...Though he could think of plenty of scary mail pranks for later, like mailing people boogie traps and pigs guts. "Just go away," Sirius said with a wave of his hand to shoo her. However, the owl instead perched on his shoulder and pecked at his ear. "I'm the instruction manual, moron. Didn't you ask for my help?" "You are? You're rather fowl-mouthed,' Sirius grinned. "Lame pun," the owl said and paused to groom her feathers as she sat on Sirius's shoulders. He felt rather like a pirate right now than a devil. He needed better accessories than this if he was going to scare people. "Are you really the Instruction Manual?" Sirius asked. "Yes I am." The owl turned to look at him with her hypnotizingly large eyes. "Obviously Stan didn't think you could manage without me, and he was right." "Hmm. Well, I haven't been to hell before. Would you like to be my tour guide?" The owl made a bobbing movement with its head. "Do you see anyone else here who will?" They were still standing in the Ministry of Magic behind the Veil. "Of course not. Excuse my manners. What is your name Owl? Or should I give you one?" He was thinking something along the lines of Bird from Hell. "I have a name. I'm Athena," she said. "Nice to meet you Athena, show me the way to Hell." Athena nodded at him. "I thought you'd never ask. Hold on." She apparated them both from the Ministry of Magic and they disappeared with a loud pop. ~O~ A few seconds later, they arrived at a place that smelled extremely foul, sulphurous...and was as hot as Las Vegas in summer. It was like as an oven. "Good god, it's hot as knackers in here!" Sirius swore. "Get used to it, this is mild weather. You should see how hot it is when the underground Volcano's active." "We have a volcano?" "Of course," said Athena. "Why do you think everything's covered in ashes?" She gave him a condescending look. "And where do you think the hot liquid lava comes from?" "Sorry, I'm not a geologist!" Sirius said with a dismissive wave of his hand. "Just show me to my throne!" "You don't have one," Athena said. "Stan got rid of that millenia ago. He is rather unostentatious. There is a palace however." "Excellent, show me to that!" Sirius looked around at the flowing rivers of hot magma and lava. So far he didn't see any people except a slow movement of chained slaves on the other side. "Who are those people?" "Hypocrites," Athena said. "They were the people who were slave masters on earth. Now they are slaves here building our palaces and pyramids, yet all they do is whine that they did nothing wrong by having slaves on earth and they shouldn't be here!" "Ha! That's just precious!" Athena flew off his shoulder and ahead of him to a large boulder. He climbed on top of the boulder and stood looking at the view below them. It was absolutely incredible and vast. A huge underground city full of lava and in the middle was a giant volcano, a lake and beside that a giant palace made of black stones. "She's a beauty," Sirius said with genuine awe. "You rule this place," Athena said proudly. "At least for now." Sirius snapped his fingers and a black broomstick appeared. Now that he was the devil, he didn't need a wand anymore to do magic and his abilities were much vaster, if not infinite. He hadn't quite tested out the range of his new powers yet. That was something he was looking forward to, especially with a particular rat called Peter Pettigrew. "Let's take a flight to the palace," Sirius said. "I want to take in every detail of my domain." They both ascended into the sulphourous, black clouded sky and Sirius began to feel his whole body thrill with true joy and freedom. Perhaps this was where he was meant to be after all. The city of Hell stretched for as far as the eye could see in every direction and Sirius could almost hear the sounds of screams in the air as they flew closer towards the Palace. Athena pointed with her beak and led him towards the Main Hall of the Devil's Palace. "In there," she said. Sirius's eyes lit up like a kid in a candy shop as they flew into the magnificent Gothic palace filled with towering spires and demons and slaves. "I am home!" he said. He hadn't meant that since the last time he saw Hogwarts. ~o~
~o~ Sirius marched up and down his new palace, taking note of each hallway, each gothic ceiling and artwork. There were portraits of many different demons and it was a bit like a haunted house filled with tons of ancient looking torture machines like the Iron maiden and guillotines and old pulley racks ….it kind of reminded him of Grimmauld Place. His mom could certainly blend in with the screeching portraits here. "Do you like the Devil's Palace?" Athena asked, still perched on Sirius's shoulder. "I don't know, it's a bit old fashioned...some of these torture devices look positively medieval." "What were you expecting, the Playboy mansion? It's not supposed to be fun." "No, but you think we'd at least have updated forms of torture. Didn't Stan learn anything from the Bush administration?" "Stan swears by antiques." "Not while I'm in charge here! Order some new things," Sirius commanded. "We have to keep up with places like Guantanamo Bay or we'll lose our reputation!" "Duly noted, we can order new equipment," Athena said with enthusiasm. "By the way," Sirius paused to stare at the cute furry owl on his shoulder. "I'm feeling more like a pirate than the Devil with you on my shoulder. So please when I have patrons, stay off the shoulder. I have an image to keep up." "Sorry," Athena said and flew beside him instead. "Will you wear horns and a cape then?" "Very funny but not necessary. What's my 1 o clock appointment?" he asked. "Ordering a dispute with some of the demons torturing the circus-masters." "Their crimes?" Sirius demanded. "Animal cruelty." "Good," Sirius said. "I hate people who mistreat animals!" He should know, he'd only been tracked down by animal control, kicked around as a dog when he was a stray and some lady pretending to be nice to him once had tried to get him neutered. "I shall make sure they suffer a plenty!" "Oh you don't have to do that yourself," Athena said. "You don't need to get your hands dirty, the Demons do that, you just instruct." "Odd. Am I not allowed to do things myself?" "You can but anything you do outside of ordering could interfere with your chances of going to heaven after you are done here." "Hmm that does pose a moral dilemma." Sirius narrowed his eyes. Athena stared at him. "What is it...Do you not want to go to Heaven if one of the angels can get you out of the Veil?" Sirius thought that over. "I don't know. If heaven and the angels are so good, why didn't they send over someone right away? Why did Stan come over first?" "Stan is punctual, I dunno. He just arrived earlier than they did." "Angels-schmangels!" Sirius said. "I don't think I will be going to heaven either way because I plan on enacting revenge on everyone who wronged me while I'm the devil." He rubbed his hands together. "I'm not letting this chance of using such powers go to waste." "Exactly who wronged you?" "Where to begin! It's a tale worthy of the Count of Montecristo." Sirius sat down on a red chaise-lounge and began to eat grapes as he told Athena all the people who had wronged him, including, most notably the rat Pettigrew who had him locked up for 12 years for a crime he didn't commit. "That is quite an awful deed," Athena agreed. "I can see why you asked Stan to come down here. You can locate all these people using the Book of Damnation." "Yes. It's exactly why I'm NOT going to heaven," Sirius said eagerly. "I'd much rather stay down here a thousand years if it means breaking all their necks for eternity." "Don't be so sure," Athena said. "Your angel caseworker may come to visit you and change your mind." "Down here?" Sirius asked. "That's laughable. I'm the devil now." "Not officially forever," Athena reminded him. There was a knock at the door. "It's the circus-masters," Athena said. "Let them in! I shall have no mercy!" He turned to Athena. "I know you think because it's my first day here that I don't know what I'm doing, but believe me I can be devilish. Just watch this." Athena shrugged her wings. "You might regret that later!" ~o~ 30 Minutes of Eternal Diarrhea, Ear-wig-aches and Zombie Fleas later... "That was actually quite impressive," Athena said and the other demons agreed with her. "Yes, I have quite the imagination." Sirius gloated and drank Bloody Mary from a goblet. "How did you come with that stuff? We run out of ideas all the time," one of the demons complained. "I had a lot of time in prison to mull over colourful ways of torturing my enemies," Sirius said proudly. "Admirable! You make a good devil," the demon said with a smile. These demons were surprisingly nice company...although some of them did look weird with goats legs and horns and some had tentacles. "Thank you, Ernie." He was feeling more at home in hell than ever and glad to be on a first name basis with some of the demons. And best of all, he didn't even have to lift a finger. He told the demons to do all his ideas, and they implemented them. That way he kept his hands clean so far...for he had decided to stall a bit for damning himself forever here. He had heeded Athena's warning. However, he knew that temptation wouldn't last long when he went after his personal enemies. "Ernie, would you bring me the Eternal Book of Damnation? I have some calls I want to make back on earth." Ernie nodded and went to retrieve the large tome from its place beside the Golden Guillotine. Sirius then turned to the other pleasant demoness he had just met. He had noticed she was particularly good at her job. "Tina, I have a task for you. Do you like possessions?" "Possessions?" Tina laughed and put down her goblet of circus-master's blood. "Possession is my bread and butter! Who do you have in mind?" "Well, there's a little chap on earth I know called Voldemort and I need to know how and why he is practically immortal." Sirius knitted his hands together and began to chuckle. "Do you think you can find out his secrets?" "We see everything once we possess 'em," Tina said. "Good! Very good!" Sirius coughed and his skin all accidentally turned red and horns sprouted from his head. Athena's eyes widened. "Careful, you are starting to turn over to our side permanently." "I don't see the issue," Sirius snorted. "I'm starting to like it here!" He lifted up his goblet. "Cheers!" He grinned as he imagined filling up the goblet with the blood of his enemies soon. Things were about to get hellish for anyone who crossed him. ~O~
A/N: In case you read the first version of chapter 3, I added an extra scene at the end so chapter 3 is slightly longer now. Thanks and cheers, thanks for reading and let me know what you think. ~o~ By the second day, Sirius had really got the hang of things and was starting to genuinely enjoy his new life in hell. They even threw a BBQ with the other demons and enjoyed roasting the heads of mass murderers. By the third day, Sirius had already decided he never wanted to leave. He loved torture. He loved gore. He loved being in charge. And he sure as hell couldn't wait any longer to try his new skills on someone who really deserved it. In other words, he wanted to damn himself ASAP. There was just one tidbit Sirius didn't like so far about how hell was run: it was surprisingly punctual. Like fastidious Stan himself always checking his wristwatch, everything in Hell was run and timed down to the second. Damnation was even finely meted out in timed sessions according to regulations. Sirius stared at the watch as the minute hands ticked by gruelingly slow. Meanwhile, Ivan the Terrible was barely even half way cooked on his spike. The demons seasoning the tyrant also looked bored. Only Genghis Khan, who was expected to eat this meat, looked worried and alert because he wanted it well cooked. Sirius tried not to yawn. His supervision here was barely even needed. It was more fun earlier in the day when he instructed his demons to bully child abusers by making them have wrestling matches to the death with each other. "Can't I get off early today?" he pleaded with Athena, who contrary to his liking, had taken to perching on his shoulder again. Making him again look like a pirate, not the devil. Athena glared at him from his shoulder with her large lantern-like eyes. "Everyone gets out at 7pm that's the rule. No exceptions." "And no vacation for the Devil?" "That's how Stan likes it." "This truly is hell!" Sirius whined. "Why did Stan make the rules so torturous for even the employees?!" "Deal with it. I've only been here 5000 years, you've been here two days. Have you never done an honest day's work in your life?" Sirius would rather not answer that answer. He had been a pureblood heir to one of the richest families in Wizarding Britain. Of course he had never worked an honest day's whatever till now. And it was getting to be a bit of a drag punching in and out of an actual clock everyday. "Well if I only have until after 7pm every day to torture the people I like," Sirius said, thinking aloud. "Perhaps I should better read up on what I'm going to do now?" Athena shrugged her wings. "I suppose reading while supervising torture isn't against the rules." "Good!" Sirius promptly took out his new favourite volume: Torturing the Sadistic Hardcore Way for Beginners, a Hell Publication. It was a real page turner, he was already half way thru the book on chapter 8: Using conjuring to scare the shit out of people. "Where did you find that book?" "I found it in Stan's personal library. I sort of raided the place when I couldn't sleep last night." Athena looked skeptical. "I don't think those books are officially recommended by the Instruction Manual." Sirius narrowed his eyes at her. "Shut up! You are the Instruction Manual." Athena glared at him. "Yes, and I don't approve of that book!" Sirius smirked. "Don't worry about it, I'm not going to use anything I learn here in hell, it's strictly for using on earth." "That's what I'm worried about!" He roughly patted her feathers. "You know you're actually kind of cute for a Hell owl. And soft! You're kind of cuddly like a soft pillow!" He poked at her soft belly. Athena pecked at his fingers with her beak. "Shut up!" Yet he could tell she was developing a soft spot for him. For Athena still insisted on sitting on his shoulder. He even caught her napping there sometimes and heard her soft snores. ~O~ As soon as 7pm came and Sirius could clock out, he grabbed the Book of Damnation and hurried as fast as he could towards the Exit sign. Hell being hell: there was only one exit and only demons possessing people, haunting places and the Devil himself could use this exit. Disappointingly, Sirius found his pet owl flying behind him. Sirius waved his hand at her dismissively. "Athena I want you to stay here." "Not happening." "I can't have you cramping my style." "Style? What are you even talking about Sirius? You never had style to begin with." "Look!" Sirius said suddenly pointing. "Our volcano's exploding!" Athena briefly turned around to look behind her and it was enough for Sirius to disappear out the exit without her. "Sike!" Sirius was laughing as he made his way up to earth. To his surprise, he only had to walk up a few stairwells and then opened another door...and he was in London. "I always knew Hell was in London," Sirius said. "You can hear the screams in the underground sometimes." He was about to walk down the street when he suddenly heard the loud ruffle of wings and turned around. Holy shit. Standing in front of him was possibly the most drop dead gorgeous woman he'd ever seen. If not one of the most beautiful creatures to be ever made. She looked too good to be true. "Hi," the woman said. "Did it hurt?" Sirius said almost automatically, he couldn't help himself. "Did what hurt?" "When you fell from heaven? Because girl you look like an angel," he said and couldn't help cringing. The beautiful woman rolled her eyes. "I've only heard that joke, let's see, about 99999 thousand times." "Has it ever worked?" Sirius asked hopefully. "Never." Yet, she did, in fact, have wings. Very large, fluffy white wings. Which nicely matched her white cotton mini dress. Damn, did God dress them up in only trendy Gap outfits? Sirius had to stop himself from leering. "I am an angel," she said. No kidding. . . ~O~ a/n: Can anyone think of some bad angel puns?
A/N: Sorry I had that Ariana song 'Don't call me angel' stuck in my head when I wrote this. ~O~ "I'm an angel," the unbelievably beautiful woman said and fluttered her white wings. No kidding, Sirius thought but decided to tease her. "Charlie's angels?" "No." "Victoria's angels?" "No! God's angels." "God's angels? Is that like Hell's Angels the motorcycle gang?" The angel put a hand on her ample hips. "No. Do you see any motorcycle gang behind me?" "No." "Yeah, so I am an angel and from what I've heard you've signed up to be the devil." She made a disappointed face which oddly turned him on because her lips were so plump. Sirius quickly got this must've been the angel case worker Athena had warned him about. Sirius conjured up devil's horns and a tail mockingly. "Hey don't judge, I had a tough decision to make. Okay, angel?" "You know what? Don't call me Angel," she said and cleared her throat. "I know you mean it in a derogatory fashion." "Not at all." But he did. He smirked. "Sure." The angel rolled her eyes. "Just call me Angelina from now on okay?" "Angie." "So?" "So what?" Sirius asked, wondering what the hell was her problem. He was just doing his thing, living his best afterlife, he didn't need to be lectured by her. Especially not by some uppity Calvin Klein supermodel lookalike. "Why'd you choose to go to hell, you didn't have to," Angie said and made that pouting lip thing again that distracted him. "Excuse me but last time I checked, you didn't even show up at the Veil. Stan did!" Angie made an irritated sound. "So Stan is punctual, I'll give him that." "Why didn't you show up?" "I only work three hours a day." "Damn. Only three?" Then maybe he truly was living in hell since he had a full 9-7 job every day of the week for eternity! "It IS heaven," Angie said. "You should try it sometime. You're not condemned...yet." Sirius felt his anger boil. So the reason he got tricked into going into hell was because his angel caseworker was too busy singing on Karoake night to pay attention that HE WAS GOING TO HELL? "Yeah, well maybe you might want to work harder at your job if you don't want people going to hell all the time!" Sirius said. Angie crossed her arms over her rather large breasts. "Its not too late to turn back. I'm here now, aren't I?" Sirius was distracted for a moment by her breasts but then his eyes went back to her face. "Forget about it, you don't even know me!" "I do, Sirius, and I know exactly the type of revenge fantasies you've been entertaining." "How?" Was this some kind of angel mind trick or last attempt at saving his soul? Was she a mind reader? "I was guardian angel while you were in prison," Angie said with a roll of her eyes. Suddenly Sirius put two and two together. Her face had seemed vaguely familiar...and yet still unreal. "Damn, I think I remember you from my wet dreams." "They weren't supposed to be wet dreams!" Angie said with reddened cheeks. "Sorry." "It was awkward," Angie said. "You still helped me get through those years," Sirius said gratefully. "I'd rather not discuss it." Angie stared down at the floor. "Let's just discuss what you're doing right now." "Too late." "What?" Sirius laughed. "I'm happy in hell." "You do know that's an oxymoron isn't it?" Angie said with crossed arms. "Not if you enjoy revenge," Sirius said. "Speaking of which...I better get going." He prepared to walk off, he had the Book of Damnation in his pocket after all. He planned to do some house calls. Angie followed after him. "Please, think it through, Sirius, it's not too late to save you!" she shouted behind him. Sirius swung around...totally not to check out her magnificent rack again. But because he was interested in what she had to say. Which he was sure would be very profound and lifechanging uplifting message this time. "Give me one good reason why I should want to go to heaven?" Sirius asked, glancing down at his watch. Angie licked her plump lips and this time Sirius definitely knew she was teasing him. "We have sex in heaven." Oh crap. She did sell a hard pitch. Sirius had to clear his mind and regain his control of the conversation before he gave her his soul wholesale, line and sinker. "I thought 'angels' didn't get up to those things," he said instead, acting suspicious and disbelievingly. "It is heaven, isn't it?" Angie said and conjured a lollipop which she seductively licked. Oh man, this angel case worker of his was definitely fucking with him. He wasn't so sure those wet dreams she gave him in prison weren't on purpose. "We can do whatever we went, as long as it's good, even for the angels." Sirius's mouth went dry. "Really?" he coughed. So it wasn't true as he imagined that angels were sexless beings and everyone in Heaven just recited hymns all day while not having fun. "Think about it, Sirius," Angie said with one last wink before disappearing as quickly as she came into his life. Sirius had to take a breather. Knowing what he knew now, did he really want to condemn himself for eternity? He looked down to see the Book of Damnation glowing red hot in his pocket like a coal. "What the—?" . . ~O~ a/n: Thank you for reviewing, following and showing this story love! Hope you enjoyed the lame angel puns, and why do you think the Book of Damnation is glowing? :P
