A.N.: Hello everybody. This is the first fanfic I try to write in English. Be warned: I am not a native speaker. But after reading tons of English Fanfiction it just feels natural to also write in this language. Still, there will be some mistakes, because I simply might not know better. Therefore I want to apologize in advance. Unfortunately I don't have a beta atm. If one of you would be willing to do this for me and the story I would be thrilled. Just P.M. me if you are interested. Warnings ahead: This will be a triad marriage law fanfiction, featuring Fred and George as well as Hermione. If this is not your cup of tea, then please don't read it. I won't get to graphic, but there will be sexual content. So be warned. Copyright: I do not own Harry Potter. I would love to, as it is my favourite book series of all time, but unfortunately I don't. To the bride and the grooms Chapter 1: The beginning of the end The beginning of the end was the battle of Hogwarts. They had given everything and lost – everything. That was at least, how it felt to Hermione. And she still could not understand how it all went so wrong. They had even managed to destroy the damned horcrux from the room of hidden things, Ravenclaw's diadem. They went to the shack, had seen Snape die there. Hermione was still unsure, how to feel about that. He had betrayed them all, hadn't he? He was the one who killed Dumbledore. Still he had been killed mercilessly by his own master. Voldemort, who was now master of the Elder wand, on top of all the other terrible things. Because the bastard wasn't already dangerous enough. This was where things started going wrong. They had a memory from Snape and went back to the castle. This is, when Harry disappeared – the last time she had seen him alive. The last time she would ever see him alive. Because Harry Potter had died. Harry Potter – the boy who lived, had died. And with him died the chance of them killing Voldemort and winning the war. Hermione knew, even Ron knew, because they had known the prophecy: …and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives… In other words: they were fucked. Because Harry was supposed to be the one with the power to vanquish the dark lord – the only one. And he was dead. Hermione had seen the body. Hagrid had carried him to Hogwarts. And the fighting had stopped. Neville had tried to resist, to fight. But he didn't last long, before he was captured – not killed. Not alone. Because Neville had been alone in that moment. Hrmione was still ashamed to admit it, but she didn't raise her wand to help him. She was still to paralysed and just kept staring on the dead body on the ground, Harry's body. And so Neville had lost, even though he had fought like a true Gryffindore. The Dark Lord refused to spill any more magical blood and so he did not kill him. Not even Hermiones, even though she was a mudblood. But she was magical and might still be useful to him. Hermione shuddered at the thought. It was a nightmare. The moment Neville fell to the ground unconscious, the last bit of morale had left the troops. Hermione could still hear the cold, snakelike voice that ordered to capture him and all the mudbloods. This was the moment, when strong arms closed around her from behind and a moment later she was pulled into an apparition. First she did not understand. But her next thought was: "Ron. He saved me." It was her last thought, before she lost consciousness. It was all too much. And she gladly surrendered to blissful darkness. It wasn't Ron who had saved her, it was George. He sat next to her, when she woke in a small bed in a dimmed room. But she still figured out it was him, when she studied his grim facial expression. He was awake and stared down at her with sad, brown eyes. Brown, not blue eyes, like Ron's. For a long moment she just stared back at him and their eyed locked in an exchange of sadness and hopelessness. "You are awake. Thank god. You scared me, when you simply passed out on the floor of my bedroom. Not, that you were the first lady doing that, mind you." A small spark of something flickered through his eyes, but it disappeared as quickly as it appeared. "Sorry." Hermione replied sheepishly. "I suppose it was all too much for the moment." She remembered all the restless hours before, Gringotts, the flight with the dragon, the alarm in Hogsmead and then the endless hours of fighting… no wonder she crashed, when the adrenaline had finally worn off. She didn't want to explain it to George, not now and maybe not ever. Because the memories of Harry's death were still too fresh and it hurt. And so she just replied: "Thank you for saving me, George. I don't know what they would have done to me, when I was captured." George just nodded. "No thanks needed, not ever. You saved Fred and we can never thank you enough for that." But Hermione just shook her head. "Of course you can. You would have done the same for me - any of you." And it was true, Hermione knew it was. The Weasleys weren't just friends, they were family to her. And she was family to them. The only family she might have left. Because her parents were in Australia, they were safe. Thank Merlin for that. George smiled painfully. "True. But I can still see the wall collapse. I even saw the first stone hitting him. But then you cast that shield. Still not sure, how you managed it so fast. I would have lost him, I'm sure of it." He cast his eyes downwards and started staring on his hands. "But I can't lose Fred – not ever." She tried to smile reassuringly at him and put her hand shyly into his. "And you won't lose him. Not if I can help it." She possibly couldn't keep this promise, they both knew it. Not with everything that happened in the last hours. But he smiled nonetheless and nodded silently. But Hermione frowned: "How is Fred by the way? I haven't seen him, since we left him with you in the castle. Is he alright?" She felt bad for not thinking sooner of him. "Don't worry. He's with mum and dad. Ron is also with them, should you worry about him. They are at Shell cottage with Bill and Fleur. Dad sent a patronus about an hour ago. He got hit on his head quite a bit, but that's nothing, that won't heal in a few hours with my mum around. He got much worse during quiddich practise." Hermione nodded and squeezed his hand. "Well, that's at least some good news." She fell silent and closed her eyes and for a few moments none of them spoke. Finally Hermione managed to summon her courage and asked: "Did your dad sent any other news?" She swallowed heavily. George sighed. "Not many. As far as we know, they cleared Hogwarts and he's there with some of his followers. Most of the wounded went to St Mungo's and the dead… well, we were permitted to bring them with us, but…" He swallowed but did not continue. Hermine had a sinking feeling in her stomach. "What about Harry?" she finally managed to ask, but her voice sounded hollow and tired. "He wasn't there. Dad said they could not find him. I know it's odd, because he was just there, in front of us. But almost as soon as the battle was over and we all surrendered, he was gone. Nobody has really seen him disappear, no. It was just, as if he was never even there to begin with." Hermione couldn't help but feel a small flicker of hope. I sounded crazy, but… "Could it be that it was just an illusion? Maybe the deatheaters tricked us somehow. Maybe he is still around somewhere, alive..." George sighed. "I don't know Hermione. Don't you think he would have shown up by now? He knows shell cottage. And he would have never left Neville fighting alone. The only way he could have disappeared is, if he had run away during the battle and Harry would have never done that. He was anything but a coward." Hermione nodded stubbornly but refused to let go of that little bit of hope, that has formed in her chest. George must have read her thoughts, because he continued gently: "I don't say, that I'm a hundred percent sure he's dead. I mean, he survived many crazy things. But I am pretty sure, that the body that Hagrid carried was dead as a stone. And it definitely looked like Harry." Hermione nodded mutely. Of course George was right. If Harry was still alive, then he would have shown up by now. On the other hand it had just been a few hours. Or has it been more than that? "George? How long was I out?" She asked and opened her eyes to look at him uneasily. He furrowed his brows. "About 12 hours I think. First you were unconscious but that then you just slept on and on - like you were dead tired or something." She nodded. "I was. We were up for hours and hours – running, fighting. I still can't believe what we all did. Someday I have to tell you. It would have made a great story…" She smiled sadly at him. "But the ending… I still can't believe Harry s dead." She felt the tears coming to her eyes and shut them quickly. But George had seen them anyway. She heard him move from the chair and felt the mattress dipping next to her shoulder. He must have sat down next to her. "Don't worry Hermione. You can cry as much as you like. I won't judge you. Was crying my eyes out not six hours ago." She opened her eyes and nodded a watery smile. "And there is no shame in that. We all lost so much. So many good people are dead… Harry, Remus, Tonks, Colin Creevey… and so many more. How can we ever move on without them?" He smiled a grim smile. "I don't know Hermione. But we will have to. And we will." He slowly got up and moved to the door. Then he turned back to her, raised his chin while fixing her with his warm, brown eyes. "And don't worry Hermione. We won't lose anyone else. Not if I can help it." She nodded and smiled gratefully. They both knew that it might be impossible for him to keep that promise. But the intention behind it was important. It meant hope, even if there was none at the moment. But hope was what they needed more than anything at the moment. And she would give it back to him. Hermione nodded determinedly. "You are right. We won't loose anyone else. Not, if we can help it. Because you are not alone in this and neither am I. Promise me?" He nodded. "Promise." And somehow this small word made her feel much better. She must have fallen asleep soon after, because she couldn't remember much after that. The next time she awoke, it was already dark outside and her stomach kept growling violently at her. Time to get up, if just for a little snack. She couldn't remember the last time, she had eaten something. Must have been at shell cottage… but that was days ago. At least it felt like it had been days. Well, if she got used to something during her time on the run with the boys, then it was to run on almost no nutrition. But now she definitely needed something to eat. Slowly she got up from her bed and padded to the door. She was still in her clothes from the day before and was thankful for it. Not that she didn't trust George, but the thought of him removing her clothes while she was unconscious was just uncomfortable. The door opened without making a single sound. Hermione slipped into a narrow hallway and to the left she could make out the front door of the flat. To the right the hallway was several meters long and opened up into a large living area with a small kitchenette in one corner. Perfect! The living room was empty as far as she could tell and so she raided the fridge and took some pumpkin juice and a huge piece of cold sheppard's pie. She didn't bother with heating it up and just took a bite, before washing it down with a mouth full of pumpkin juice. It was delicious! It took her less than two minutes to finish her meal, before she put down her dishes into the sink. When she finally turned around to move back into her room, she almost stumbled into George, who was only two steps behind her. Her heart leaped and she made a small jump, before stumbling back into the counter. "Gosh, George. You almost scared me half to death. What are you doing here in the middle of the night?" The redhead smiled apologetically at her. "Sorry, I didn't wanna scare you. I was just on my way to get something for myself. Butterbeer?" Hermione smiled and nodded. "Sure. I've slept for ages and now I really could use some company. Any news?" George nodded. "Yeah. Let's move to the sofa. You might wanna sit down for that." They moved to the sitting area but Hermione chose one of the two wing chairs to sit down. She sat somewhat stiffly on the edge and started to chew her lip nervously. "Well, what is it?" George took a large sip from his bottle and sighed. "I've been collecting some news. You-know-who was proclaimed minister of magic about two hours ago. He announced a big reorganization of the ministry, supposedly to form a more stable government. But I am sure it is just to get rid of all the blood traitors and mudbloods." She nodded grimly and also took a sip from her bottle of butterbeer. This weren't really surprising news. "Dad already cancelled his job at the ministry. I'm not sure how my parents will make a living, but we will think of something." He rubbed his face tiredly and took another sip from is bottle. Hermione thought that he almost didn't look like one of the twins, as all mischief seemed to have left him. It made her feel even more helpless. Fred and George had always managed to cheer everybody up. Even as George had lost his ear to Snapes Septumsempra curse he still managed to make fun of the situation. But now he almost seemed resigned. Silently she got up from her wing chair and sat down next to him. Then she took his hands into hers and fixed his eyes with hers. "It will be alright." She promised with every bit of determination she could muster. "Remember you are not alone in this." He smiled crookedly. "And we have the brightest witch of our age on our side. Voldi doesn't stand a chance." She giggled. "Not to forget the pair of biggest pranksters since the marauders. He won't know what hit him." He gently squeezed her hands, before removing them from her grip and putting them behind his head. "There is more news." He said and immediately his voice lost all the cheer. "Lucius Malfoy was named headmaster of Hogwarts." Hermione stiffened in her seat and quickly closed her eyes, to mask the horror which must have shown there. Images from her last "visit" to Malfoy Manor rose before her inner eye and she inevitably began to shiver. George must have noticed anyway, because he gently put his left arm around her shoulder. But she was so lost in her memories that she flinched back from his touch. For a moment silence stretched between them and Hermione tried to breathe calmly and get a grip on her rising panic. But her heart just hammered painfully in her chest and wouldn't slow down. "Hermione? What's wrong?" She heard George's voice which was full of concern. She gulped and tried to blink away the tears, but they started coming anyway. Finally she took a long breath and whispered: "Have you heard about Malfoy manor and what happened there? To us I mean…" George was silent for a minute but finally he said: "You were tortured, weren't you? Mum mentioned it briefly but wouldn't say anything more about it." Hermione just nodded and finally leaned her head against his shoulder. For some minutes she just stared straight ahead and breathed. But finally she found her voice and told him what happened. It was the first time she told somebody. The boys of course had known some of it, as they were there when it happened. But she had never told anybody herself and just bottled it all up and hid it deep down. Now it all came back to the surface and the words just kept spilling out of her. She told him everything: how they were captured and had disguised Harry, how they were found out anyway, how Bellatrix had found the sword and how she was tortured for something that felt like ages. Her body started shaking in the middle of it and she felt George move behind her and pull her into a comforting embrace. Through it all he didn't say a word and just kept holding her. It gave her the strength to get it all out. "I c….can't go back there… to Hogwarts I mean. With the Carrows and who knows which other death eaters as teachers. I just can't…" She trembled violently. "But what will I do without my NEWTs? Even with them it would be almost impossible for me to find something. With my blood and the fact that I am undesirable number 2..." He snorted behind her. "You know I won't judge you. Remember who you are talking to? Fred and I only managed 3 OWLs each and we dropped out of Hogwarts before getting any NEWTs. We will definitely open up the shop again and if you want, you can work with us. We have a huge potions lab and a quite impressive workshop in the back. And we would be delighted to have you. Think about it, will you?" She wasn't alone in this, she realized. George had of course told her so before and he had just proven it again. And suddenly she just felt lighter than she had felt for a long time. She made a quick decision and turned around to throw herself into his arms. Her tears had finally stopped coming and she just clung to him and buried her head in his chest. "Thank you, thank you, thank you." She kept mumbling and George chuckled. "Never thought Hermione Granger would be so thrilled to be working for the greatest pranksters of Hogwarts." He teased and Hermione giggled. "You just wait George Weasley. I might surprise you." She replied and smiled into his chest. And somehow she knew that all would be well.
A.N.: Hey guys! I am happy that some of you already found this story. I am happy for every reader that wants to join me on my way. I'd love for you to comment below, because your feedback is what motivates me. I'll try to update as often as I can. But as I have a toddler around and started working again, my schedule is kind of unpredictable. I hope you don't mind. But I will try to update at least once a week. Chapter 2: The move Fred hated shell cottage. I wasn't just that it was overcrowded these days. He was used to not having his own space. 17 years of living in the burrow have taught him as much and he really didn't mind. But the burrow was always a lively place full of laughter, joy and screaming. Living at shell cottage for the last week had felt like being buried alive. Everybody was moping around and if finally somebody said something, then it was always in hushed whispers. And Fred hated it. He missed George, missed joking around or simply talking to somebody who really understood him. Of course he could still feel him through there twin bond, catch glimpses of their flat and of Hermione. And he could feel the same kind of depression from him that has also taken hold of all the inhabitants of shell cottage. And this just wasn't right, not for George. He needed to go back to his place and to his twin, as this was where he belonged. Together they would get through all this shit like they ever had. But his mum refused to let him go, before she was sure, that he was properly healed. For all that he knew this was 3 days ago but still his mother found some reason to pamper him further and keep him locked up in the cottage. Yesterday he finally had enough and something in him snapped. He still regretted losing his temper and shouting at her to finally let him go. Because immediately his mother had broken down and started sobbing. They had almost lost him, she said. It was only thanks to Hermione, that he was still alive and not buried together with Tonks, Lupin and all the others. And for the first time in his life Fred was speechless. He hadn't known. Finally his mum had calmed down and he grudgingly promised her one more day. And this day was up in not even 10 minutes. Brilliant! He almost cheerfully entered the small kitchen but stopped in this tracks, when he saw the agitated expressions of all the inhabitants. Almost everybody who was left from the order had gathered there: McGonogall, Kingley Shackelbolt, Hestia Jones and even Percy were there. Only George and Hermione were missing. Ron sat sulkily in one corner of the room and stared unblinkingly through one of the windows. Next to him on the floor was Lavender Brown, the dim-witted girl he had dated in his sixth year but who was almost killed by Greyback a week ago. Even considering the deep scars that now adorned her face she almost looked… well. They must have heard Fred, because as soon as he entered all eyes were on him and the silence stretched. Then his father cleared his throat, rubbed his hands together nervously and started: "Well, now that we are all here… there has been a new development in the ministry." Fred groaned inwardly and he got the feeling, that it was bad – really bad. "The whole last week the ministry has tried to get a hold on all muggleborn witches and wizards, but unsurprisingly they weren't very successful so far. Most of them are in hiding or at least on the run. The ministry says they are just wanted for questioning and to figure out, if said muggleborns are willing and able to integrate themselves into the wizarding society. We all know what that means." His dad looked around and some of the older order members nodded sombrely. And Fred had a feeling he knew, too. "Well actually… no! What does it mean?" Questioned his younger brother and looked at them with crossed arms. "As far as things went Hermione and the other muggleborns would have been shipped to Azkaban not more than a week ago. So what does it mean that they want to integrate them into the society now? Those people are integrated! They went to school with us!" His father nodded understandingly, but remained grim. But instead of him Percy replied. "Well but refering You-know-who and his lackeys, this is not their proper place. Tomorrow they will release a new law… a marriage law. By this law every muggleborn will be assigned to a proper pureblood husband or wife that will help them, to find a proper place in society." Ron exploded. "But that's insane! No one will go along with that!" Fred couldn't help but snort. "Insane? Well that's Voldi in a nutshell for you", he mumbled. But Ron must have heard him anyway. "You find it funny now, do you Fred? This is also Hermione we are talking about here!" Ron jumped from his chair and started pacing. But before Fred could say something in return his father raised his hands and said soothingly: "Yes, this is also about Hermione and I can assure you Ron, nobody here is laughing." Fred nodded silently. "As far as we know a proper pureblood spouse will mean a death eater. The law states, that by marriage all belongings of the muggleborn will be handed to their spouse, who will manage them from that point on." "But that's expropriation!" Ron exploded again but this time his father nodded approvingly. "That's exactly what this is. But it gets worse." Percy opened his notebook and started explaining. "A marriage to a pureblooded spouse is supposed to ensure, that the magic, which was stolen by the muggleborns will be returned to the wizarding lineages though the following generations. To insure a speedy reproduction and therefore the return of the stolen magic through a heir, a weekly copulation with the assigned spouse is required." Fred felt almost sick at the thought and by the look of it Ron fared even worse. He looked almost green. "Hermione will never go along with this", he muttered and shook his head violently. "This is rape!" Fred nodded knowingly. The girl was stubborn, she was a fighter. And Ron was right. She would never let herself being handed over to a death eater. "What if they refuse?" He asked and Percy sighed sadly. "All spouses will be assigned by tomorrow morning. If the muggleborn witches and wizards are not married within the following month and if the marriage is not consummated, the muggleborn in question will be sentenced to 10 years of Azkaban. The wand of the wizard or witch will be snapped and their belongings will fall to the ministry anyway. Same goes, if they fail to neglect their weekly duties." Fred was speechless but Ron just started laughing. "Azkaban? Are you kidding me? They will just run away! Hell, I might even consider running away with all this shit happening here!" But Percy remained collected and replied: "I am sure many muggleborns will try. But come tomorrow the ministry has the resources and the permission to track every witch or wizard though his wand - for security reasons they say. It is stated that this will ensure the peace and prevent further bloodshed." Fred groaned. "They have really thought this through, haven't they?" "So there is no way out? Hermione has to marry a death eater?" Ron wanted to know. This time his father answered him. "Not if she marries today. All existing marriages remain unaffected by the law." Ron laughed a humourless laugh. "Oh she will just love this. For Merlin's sake that girl is a virgin! And you just want to marry her off to…. whom exactly?" Fred laughed. It was so obvious, wasn't it? "To you, you dimwhit!" Ron sputtered, before freezing in shock. He just stared mutely into the room and looked like a deer caught in the headlights. "You're kidding, right? I'm barely of age and… it's because I kissed her, isn't it?" He started pulling at his hairs and looked from one person to the other. "Really? You want me to marry Hermione? Today?" When Fred rolled his eyes and his mother nodded eagerly he chocked and started pacing again. "But I…. I can't! Don't make me do it!" He pleaded and looked at his father. It was obvious, that he started to panic. "What's wrong Ronnekins?" Fred couldn't help but ask. "You had a crush on her since forth year and she's not bad on the eye either!" Ron groaned and pulled his hair again. "I'm trapped in this, aren't I? You all already made up your mind. And I tell you, it's a horrible idea! Hermione is like a sister to me. Sure, I had a crush on her, but almost everybody had after forth year. Don't deny it Fred I know you had one, too. Yes, there was some sort of tension between us during the war, but… can you imagine? Me and Hermione married? We would kill each other by the end of the week!" His mother nodded almost understandingly and said gently: "I know this is a hard decision. But at least you have something like a history together. We can't just marry her to a stranger that is twice her age. And Hermione is your friend. Don't you want to help her?" Ron groaned. "Of course I want to help her. Doesn't mean I want to bed her once a week!" She shouted redfaced and looked around like a wild animal. "But that's not the only thing, right? Even if she does marry, they will look for her. She is Hermione Granger, for Merlin's sake. She is the brightest witch of her age and friend of Harry Potter. Who knows what important knowledge she hides in her mind that could help us defeating him? You-know-who will always feel threatened, as long as she is alive. And I can't protect her, like I couldn't protect Harry and…" He started sobbing and looked pleadingly at them. "Please don't make me do this. I can't even look at her at the moment." His mother smiled sadly. "Alright," she said and looked at the others tiredly. "Any other ideas on that matter?" Fred laughed humorlessly. "Well, I think I should talk to George, don't you think?" His father shot him a questioning look. "Are you sure? You know we would never ask this from any of you." He flashed them a grim smile. "Well, but I owe her a life depth. I'm just not sure, how she will react to the idea of having two husbands." Ron sputtered and looked at him, like he might faint any minute. "What? You want to marry her both?" He felt more and more tired every minute. "Well brother dear, we are magical twins, after all. And you do remember uncle Fabian and Gideon, right?" With this Fred straightened his back and lifted his chin. "Well if you'll all excuse me? I have a brother to convince and a woman to woo." He turned and left though the door behind him. "Oh, you gotta be kidding me!" He heard Ron's voice from behind. "Hermione will never go along with this." Fred shut the door with a bang, made two more steps and apparated. Ron might be right in the end. But Fred would be damned, if he didn't at least try to convince her otherwise. George knew something was wrong with Fred. Almost half an hour ago he started sensing feelings of anger and unbelief through the bond and one or two times he caught glimpses of shell cottage kitchen and the gathered order members. Five minutes ago Fred's feelings shifted to nervousness and something like resignation. But George couldn't make heads or tails from what he got. And so he started pacing in front of the kitchen counter. Hermione was reading on the sofa and she already started sending him worried glances twenty minutes ago. But he kept ignoring her. She would want the facts from him, facts he did not have at the moments. And he didn't want to worry her with nothing. Finally the crack of apparition sounded from the hallway and he leaped towards it almost instantly. Fred had landed about two steps from the front door and looked at him with wide, haunted eyes. But his expression changed to a charming smile as soon as he heard Hermione's steps behind him. Curious… "Fred! You are back!" Hermione shouted and hurried towards his twin. But she stopped next to himself and stared questioningly towards his brother. "Are you alright? You were almost gone for a week. George has been climbing the walls, even though he assured me, that you weren't badly hurt." She started wringing her hands nervously. "Don't worry kitten, I'm alright." Fred assured her, before embracing her and giving her a quick peck on the cheek. George frowned. Something was odd, very odd. But he couldn't put a finger on it. Finally Fred released her with a charming smile and turned to him. "George? Could we have a little chat in your room? There have been a few … developments I would like your opinion about." He asked almost jokingly. But George could tell that the joking tone was just for show. Something was seriously wrong. "Sure brother dear. If you'll excuse us Hermione? I think my brother might be up to something." She just smiled at them and nodded. "Sure. I'll be at the sofa. Take your time!" Fred nodded grimly in his direction and opened the door to his room. "Well brother. You better sit down for this." And George did. And he was grateful for it. They had almost talked for an hour. Fred told him everything he knew, everything about the godforsaken law and Ron's reaction towards the idea of marrying Hermione. And finally he told him about his idea of saving her themselves. Now he understood the haunted look in his brother's eyes. "Well? What do you say Georgie?" His twin asked almost shyly. He cleared his throat nervously before answering: "It would be the right thing to do. And you're right. She is kind of a looker. But…" "I know. She'll think us a bunch of perverts, won't she? Ron said she's still a virgin." "Merlin Fred! The girl is muggleborn. She might never have heard of magical twins." His head started spinning and he started feeling slightly ill. "Then we need to explain it to her. She's a logical person, a thinker. Maybe we should get her a book or two." But Fred started pulling his hair. "Arrrgh, but there is no time! It needs to be done today…" "This is a nightmare… Have you even ever bedded a virgin? Forget about it, I know you haven't. Me neither." He said and started shaking his head helplessly. They had dated Angelina and Katie and also collected some experiences in bed with them. But their twin bond made the whole affair awkward and they finally decided that dating two separate women was a bad idea. It just felt voyeuristic and … wrong. "Maybe we should ask mum to talk to her," Fred suggested. "I really don't want to be the one to break these news to her. If she doesn't hex us she still might not even believe us." "Not a bad idea Forge. Let's pop into shell cottage and convince her to join us. Merlin, I still can't believe we are doing this." "Neither can I Gred, neither can I." In the end they brought their mum as well as Professor McGonagall. The woman had leaped to the chance of seeing her favourite lion cub and helping her to make the right decision. George still couldn't believe that their former head of the house considered them a good match for Hermione Granger. But considering the limited choices they might as well be. The girl was still reading on the sofa. The book on her lap was an ancient looking tome on healing potions that she must have brought with her. At least George couldn't remember owning such a thing. As soon as they entered the room she looked up at them and her brows furrowed worriedly, when she sighted their mother and the professor. Immediately she shifted on the sofa and her relaxed pose changed to one that was fitting for the high alert and intelligent student that she was. "Professor McGonogall, Mrs Weasley! How have you been? Is everybody alright?" His mother smiled warmly at her and pulled her from her sitting position up in a motherly hug. "Hermione dear! It's Molly to you! You are family after all so let's skip all these formalities!" Hermione smiled and nodded. "What are you doing here? Not, that I am complaining. But I wasn't expecting any of you for at least some days." McGonagall smiled a tight lipped smile. "Unfortunately there have been some unpleasant developments and the ministry will release a new law by tomorrow. As it directly affects you we have come to help you discuss your possible options." Hermione nodded and hinted towards the sitting area. "Shall we sit down for this?" The women nodded and chose the two wing chairs to sit down to. Hermione immediately moved to the sofa and pulled a small notebook and a pen from behind her back and stared at them eagerly. But he and Fred didn't move for an inch and just kept staring at the two women and tried to figure out, if they should even stay for the first part of the conversation. George at least didn't really fancy being here, when they broke the news to her. But their mum just huffed impatiently and motioned towards the sofa. "Oh will you two just sit down? You look like you are about to bolt from the room any minute." George nodded, because that's exactly how he felt. But Fred just pulled him by the arm and so they finally sat down to Hermione's left side. Hermione started clicking the pen nervously and for a moment nobody spoke. Finally she seemed to lose patience and looked at them with raised eyebrows. "Well? What is this law?" The professor sighed tiredly. "It's a marriage law, child," she said mildly but Hermione just kept staring at her. Obviously she was waiting for more information. And so McGonagall started to tell her everything, that Fred had told him earlier. After five minutes Hermione's face seemed almost expressionless. It was a mask of total indifference. As the professor finally finished explaining the possible punishments for non compliance, Hermione just kept on staring. She didn't even blink. It was kind of scary to watch. "Hermione? Are you alright dear?" their mother asked after several long moments of silence. But there still wasn't any reaction from the girl. "I think McGonagall broke her", Fred murmured to him, but he just shook his head. No, that wasn't it. She was looking for a solution to the problem. Her highly analytical mind started dissecting all given information and was looking for a loopshole. Another minute trickled by until she finally leaped from the sofa and shouted. "I need to talk to Ron. There might still be hope." George groaned inwardly. And here we go, he thought. Molly studied her with a sad expression. "No dear, please sit down. We already talked to Ron in the morning. He already knows." Hermione nodded determinedly. "That's good then. This should save us some time. Do you know anybody that could perform the ceremony?" Fred winced and looked helplessly towards the two older women. But they seemed to be as helpless as they felt themselves. "He won't do it, Hermione." George finally managed to bite out. And immediately the girl stilled and blinked confusedly towards him. "He won't? But we... I thought...we are... In don't understand!" She was looking for words but didn't seem to find any. And so she just looked helplessly from one person to the other. Molly gently tried to explain. "Ron is not at a very good place at the moment, mentally I mean. He... I think he needs time to comprehend what...and with Harry..." "But there is no time!" She shrieked and bolted from the sofa. "We need to do it today or I... I have to..." She shuddered. "We won't let you marry a death eater, dear." Professor McGonagall tried to soothe her. But Hermione's mind was already back in overdrive. "Fleeing is not an option", she murmured and started pacing. "They will have a way to track our magic through the wand. And wandless magic isn't really an option for me at the moment." McGonagall nodded reaffirmingly. Hermione sighed. "Well, I could always go muggle. What if I leave my wand with any of you and just move to another part of Britain? Hell, I could even move to France if need be." She looked at them questioningly. "Would that work?" Molly nodded sadly. "It might. But would you really want to do it? You are like a daughter to me and I kind of thought..." She looked sombrely towards Hermione. Professor McGonagall fixed the girl with a calculating expression. "Miss Granger. I think you need to ask yourself, if there is still hope for us to win this war. I don't know what you, Mr Potter and Mr Weasley did during the last year. But I kind of have the impression that Professor Dumbledore left you some kind of orders. I strongly encourage you to consider, if there is still hope to fulfil these orders. If so, then we should try to find a way to keep you with us and make a plan." These words seemed to have the desired effect as Hermione stopped pacing and started thinking, while chewing on her bottom lip. She didn't say anything for a long time but her eyes moved from one side to the other as if she was reading an imaginary book. Finally she said: "Well, there still might be hope, if we ignore the contents of the prophecy. As I don't particularly believe in divination and most prophecies seem rather self-fulfilling we could give it a try. But for this purpose we would need a separate meeting with some trusted order members to work on a strategy for the future. That is, if you would be willing to try something against him." Professor McGonagall nodded grimly. "I would be very happy to try something, as you put it. And I am sure I am not the only one we could trust with your task, whatever it might be." She pushed her glasses up on her nose and looked towards the twins. They nodded determinedly. "Well in this case it would be quite inevitable for you to get married today. Luckily the messes Weasley have volunteered to be of service to you." Hermione furrowed her brows and moved her glance towards him and Fred. She watched them somewhat puzzled. "Is that true? One of you would marry me?" she asked in a small but hopeful voice. But the twins could only smile embarrassedly and replay: "Well, not exactly, no." George cleared his throat somewhat nervously. "You see, Fred and I are magical twins so we… that is…" "You would need to marry both of us." Fred finished for him. He couldn't help but blush and he knew Fred did so, too. Still they forced themselves to meet her eyes directly and not shy from her gaze. And Hermione's gaze was analysing them and their offer. She opened her mouth for a reply, but closed it again before looking around with wild eyes. It kind of gave her the look of an enraged goldfish. "Let me get this straight. You want me to marry both of you?" They nodded. "But, is this even legal? I mean… scratch this - of course it must be legal. Otherwise you wouldn't have proposed this." She started gnawing on her lip again and looking helplessly towards the two other women and then back at them. "Well I don't know. I mean I am not very… I mean I haven't… Merlin. I don't even know how to put this… This is so out of my comfort zone…" His mum nodded understandingly. "We know, dear. And believe me, we wouldn't have suggested it, if we knew any other alternative. But look at it that way. You are already family and I am sure the boys would treat you well. They are good boys, you know." Hermione sighed. "Of course I know. Really, I do! It's just so… I mean…" He shifted her gaze towards them. "Do you really want this? I can't even imagine ruining one life, even less two! This wouldn't just be for some months, this marriage would be for life, right?" They nodded solemnly and Fred said: "And we would do it anyway. Hermione you are our friend, of course we want to help you. Hell, you saved my life a week ago. Now let me return this favour." This was obviously the wrong thing to say as the girl sent them a wide-eyed look and shouted: "Is this, what this is about? You owe me a life depth? Well, let me tell you something: you don't! I don't want it. I don't want you to sacrifice yourself for the ugly bookworm that your little brother spurned." She started pacing again but this time she looked more like a caged lioness. Finally she huffed: "I need out. I can't… I need to think." She bolted from the room, rushed through the door to her room and shut it with a lout bang. They heard the lock click, before the room fell silent. "Well, this could have gone better." George mused, before he buried his face into his hands. "Don't worry brother dear. She will come around." The women nodded. "She is a logical creature after all." McGonagall added. And George sincerely hoped they were right.
A.N.: I hope you enjoy reading this story as much is I do writing it. Because I am having a great time here in front of my laptop. Chapter 3: On how to date a magical twin - or both Hermione was trapped and she knew it. If they wanted to still bring down Voldemort, then she would have to be there to see it all through. But the only way to do it was to marry – today. And the only willing candidates seemed to be Fred and George Weasley. Marrying one of them would be… challenging. Yes, they were friends – somehow. But they weren't exactly soulmates – not in the slightest. She was a bookworm extraordinaire and they were … lively. And this was putting it mildly. Marrying both of them seemed impossible which was … unfortunate. Because no matter how much she thought about it, it was the only way for her to stay in Britain. Yes, she could hide as a muggle in the middle of London. But how long would it take this manic who called himself the dark lord to take over the muggle world, too? Because she had no doubts that he would try. And she simply couldn't let this happen. But could she do this to Fred and George? And could she do this to herself? Mrs Weasley had unmistakably explained that the marriage law required weekly intercourse, which was bad enough as a virgin. Because this is, what she was: a virgin. Being married to two husbands would therefore entail doing it twice a week or with both of them at the same time – which was definitely not an option. And then there was the whole business with the magical twins. She knew next to nothing about it! Of course she had heard the term and she noticed that both of them sometimes finished each other's sentences, but that was about it. Why were they required to marry the same woman? Which bloke would even want to share? Arrrgh… she needed facts. But those she could only get from the twins. And at the moments she couldn't even look at them. How was she supposed to do this? Living with them might not be so bad. She had managed just fine with George for a week. But sleeping with them? Should she just lay back and think of England? Maybe. But she couldn't help herself and mourn for all her girlish fantasies of love and marriage that she had secretly cultivated for years. These things now seemed totally out of reach for her… and she hated it! Didn't she at least deserve an ounce of happiness? A knock from the door pulled her from her thoughts. "Hermione? Are you still in there?" Shouted one of the twins, but she really couldn't tell which one. It was impossible recognizing them by only their voice. "Please come out and talk to us. Fred didn't mean it like this, I swear!" So it was George talking to her then. Good. She had a feeling George she could handle. She had lived with him for almost a week and he had seen her at her lowest. So if there was somebody she could talk to, then it was him. "I really don't think I can face the four of you just now. Honestly, it's kind of embarrassing at the moment. But maybe you could come in and talk to me for a bit?" "Sure." He sounded almost relieved. Hermione unlocked the door and moved back to the window. A moment later the door was slowly pushed open and George stepped through. He looked as nervous as she felt and Hermione realized that it might be as awkward for him, as it was for her. "Hi!" he greeted her sheepishly and smiled. And Hermione couldn't help but smile back at him. "Should we maybe sit down for this? I mean, this feels awkward enough as it is." He laughed. "You don't say. Well, let's sit on the bed then, shall we?" Hermione nodded and sat down on top of the brightly coloured duvet. George sat down to her left and pulled one leg up, so he could turn towards her. "I imagine you have like a million questions," he started almost jokingly. "Well, ask away. I won't judge." She nodded gratefully. "Would you mind explaining this twin bond to me? I know next to nothing about it but I have the feeling this is important. Why can't I for example just marry one of you? I must confess this would make thinks a lot easier for me." George didn't seem offended and simply smiled encouragingly. "Twin bonds are kind of rare, but not unheard of. My uncles Fabian and Gideon, mums brothers, had one. We were explained, that it is kind of a Prewett thing. Every generation of Prewetts has his pair of magical twins." He smiled proudly. "Of course I can't tell you much about the others. But I can tell you about me and Fred." Hermione nodded happily. "That would be great!" "Well, it's kind of hard to explain. Some say it is a soul split into two, but this might be kind of romanticized. Fact is that our magic is strongly linked to each other. Our wands are brother wands and contain a heartstring from the same dragon. But that still doesn't say much, does it? We kind of… can hear each other's thoughts. Not always, no. But especially when strong feelings are involved or when we are physically close to each other. It gets more difficult with distance but if we focus strong enough it is still possible." She was awed. "Wow! This really sounds kind of magical," she admitted and George smiled. "Well I don't know any different but I imagine it must be kind of lonely without a magical twin." He winked at her. "But it also definitely has its downsides. Privacy is kind of impossible - especially when strong feelings are involved. Sometimes you suddenly sense pictures and most of the time you'd really rather not." He blushed and Hermione got the meaning. She gulped. "So, you mean that even if I would be just with one of you, the other one might still see?" she asked mortified and looked at him for confirmations. George nodded. "Yeah. I know this kind of sucks. And I know it will make things even more awkward. But it gets worse. Sometimes we can also feel…" Now he positively looked beet-red and Hermione imagined she looked kind of the same. She really wished she never needed this kind of knowledge and this was kind of a new experience to her – not wanting to know. "Okay, stop!" she pleaded and took some deep breaths. "I kind of need a moment." "Sure," George said and leaned back into the duvet. He folded the arms behind his head and stared silently at the ceiling. Hermione was thankful for it. She needed time to compose herself and she really didn't want an audience for that. Finally she managed to find back to herself. She wiped her hands at her trousers and said: "So, have you tried with two different women?" she asked shyly. George snorted. "Do you ask if I am still a virgin? No I am not, and neither is Fred. We have tried with two separate witches for some time. Let me just say, that we will not repeat this experience." Hermione nodded understandingly but couldn't help but feel intimidated at the same time. So they were kind of experienced in this area. But who was she kidding? Probably almost everyone her age was by now. Well, it couldn't be helped. But they deserved to know. "George? If we are really going to do this, then you should probably know that I am kind of new to all of this. I kind of kissed Ron… and Victor a few years ago, but that's kind of it." But George didn't laugh or make fun of her. Instead he waggled his eyebrows and said: "You snogged Victor Krum? Well, if I wasn't a bloke I would be kind of jealous." She laughed and couldn't help but feel relieved. "Well, it was kind of nice…" she teased and George snorted. "Just nice, eh? Well, I think Fred and I can do better than nice." Hermione spluttered. "George!" She said and hid her face embarrassedly. "Gosh, I can't even comprehend kissing you, let alone…" She groaned. "See? I can't even say it! How is this supposed to work?" He snorted. "Well, I trust you do know the mechanics. Otherwise my mum might wanna give you the talk. I'm sure she will be very happy to explain everything to you." "No thanks!" she hastily refused. "I have been through this stuff once with my mum. And I'd rather not repeat this experience. Might have been one of the most embarrassing moments of my life." He nodded understandingly. "Oh, believe me, I know. Fred and I had this kind of talk with my father some years ago. And we had the magical twin version. I couldn't look at dad for days!" Hermione couldn't help but laugh. "Merlin! This must have been the stuff that nightmares are made of." He nodded eagerly, but his eyes glimmered with mischief. But finally he sobered and asked: "Well? What do you say Hermione? Will you give us a try?" She sighed heavily. "It's not like I have much of an option, you know? Don't get me wrong, I really am grateful to you both. This could end so much worse for me. But I can't help but think that I will be a total disappointment to the both of you." George propped himself up on the bed and looked at her sternly. "Do you trust me Hermione?" he asked her. She nodded silently and gazed into his eyes. "I do." "Good," he said and pulled her into a warm embrace. "Because trust will be very important - for all of us. Now listen to me: I am not disappointed and I am quite sure I won't be in the future. Same goes for Fred. It doesn't matter how much experience you have or don't have. This is not an exam, Hermione. Alright?" She nodded again and felt the tears that were collecting in her eyes. But she would not cry over this. It wasn't fair to the boys, who tried to make this whole experience as bearable as possible for her. "Alright," she said and even managed a small smile. "Let's do this then." At this Georges face broke into a huge smile and before she even had time to react, he had pulled her into a strong embrace. "Alright Hermione, but you should probably talk to Fred first. I can feel his nervousness the whole time and it kind of drives me up the wall." She nodded into his chest. And for a moment she almost didn't want to let him go. Fred hated waiting but this was what he did for almost an hour. First they had waited all together but after 15 minutes they decided, that Hermione wouldn't come out on her own. She had almost fled from the room and Fred could totally understand. If this whole situation was already strange for him, than it was even more so for her. But they needed a decision from her soon, because their time was running out. It was already noon and he didn't know how long it would take the girl, to surrender to her fate. Because that was the logical choice and she would recognize it. "I will go and talk to her," George finally said and Fred was thankful for it. His twin seemed to have formed some kind of friendly relationship with her and he would probably be the one, she would most likely agree to talk to. His mother and McGonagall seemed to agree. "You just do that, George. I'm sure it will all be well. The professor and I will go back to shell cottage and start preparing everything for your nuptails. Be back around 4, if you can manage. We will need some time to prepare the girl after all." She smiled at them. "You know I am proud of you boys, right?" They both flashed her a toothy grin. " 'Course we know mum." She ruffled their hair. "Well then. Try to wear something suitable, will you? It is the girls wedding after all." And with a pop they were off. George left him soon after and so Fred remained there alone. Obviously his brother was kind of successful talking to her, because she let him in and didn't throw him back out for almost 30 minutes. Finally the door opened again and George marched out with Hermione in tow. He grinned at him victoriously and Fred couldn't help but being relieved. Somehow his twin had managed to convince her. The girl moved slowly towards him but stilled, when she was almost in front of him. George instead moved past him, opened to fridge and pulled out a bottle of butterbeer. "I'll be in my room, if any of you need me", he shouted towards them and left almost cheerfully. Fred sighed. "Shall we move to the sofa?" he asked her and she nodded. Hermione looked much better now, but she still behaved kind of skittish around him. He'd have to work on this. They sat down next to each other, with an arms length between them. And before he could say anything Hermione started nervously: "I am sorry I bolted from the room earlier. It was immature and I was behaving like a coward. I apologize." He snorted. "No worries. I totally get it. But I'm glad you came back though." He smiled cheekily at her. "It's true that I wouldn't have immediately considered you marriage material. But I'm as sure as hell not complaining." He grinned. "Because you are kind of hot." Hermione huffed and slapped his leg accusingly. "Fred! Don't you dare make fun of this!" "I'm not!" he defended himself with raised hand. "Honestly!" She slapped him again. "Ouch! Stop!" She hadn't really hurt him but he wasn't about to tell her that. "Hermione. I really like you. You are intelligent and you kind of have a devious streak that needs cultivating." She huffed again, but now there was a little smile hiding at the corners of her mouth. And she wasn't hitting him any longer. That was a good sign. "And I gather you'd like to help me cultivate my devious side?" she asked with challenging eyebrows. "Sure! I'd love to! Imagine what we could do to the likes of Umbridge and the bunch of new death eater teachers! We could run a completely new brand of devious little joke items to make their life a living hell!" Hermione giggled. "I confess I kind of like that idea." "See? You, George and I will be brilliant together! And if there are some snogging sessions involved I sure as hell won't complain." He waggled his eyebrows at her, but she swatted him again. "Fred!" she squeaked and moved away from him. But he just grabbed her around the middle und pulled her towards him. "Nah, come on kitten! I know you love my cheeky side." He blowed her a kiss and winked at her. But she just shrieked and started giggling. "Fred Weasley. I swear I will hex you if you don't stop this nonsense instantly!" He shrugged. "Okay." She relaxed slightly, but just as soon as she wanted to move away from him he pulled her back into a lingering kiss. She stiffened and stared at him with wild eyes, but Fred decided to enjoy this moment. He didn't want to give her his firth kiss at the goddamned wedding ceremony in front of everybody. And her lips were warm and soft and he could taste tea and vanilla in her breath. He hummed happily. As he pulled back she still stared at him, her mouth open and forming a surprized but silent "Oh". He laughed boyishly. "Oh Granger! George and I will charm your socks of. You just wait!" She laughed weakly. "I am not worried for my socks, you know." She murmured and Fred laughed. He was kind of looking forward to this. A.N.: How did you like it? Who is your favourite twin? And what are you looking most forward to? Just tell me in the comments! ;-)
A.N.: Warning! This chapter is definitely rated M. As it contains the wedding night, there will be smut ahead. Nothing to explicit, but well… it is the wedding night after all. ;-) Enjoy and please comment if you like, what you read. I would really like to know, if you enjoy the story so far. Chapter 4: To the bride and the grooms! George was getting more and more antsy in his room. He regretted not silencing the door, because he heard Hermione squeaking and Fred laughing on the other side. But he had silently promised his brother 30 minutes to work this out and so he didn't move an inch. But he wanted to. He forced himself to tamper down the twin bond to give them a modicum of privacy. There wouldn't be any between them soon enough. Finally the time was up and George almost bolted from his room. He found Fred lounging on the sofa with a satisfied smirk, while Hermione was puttering around the kitchen. But as she hadn't fled the room or was screaming at his twin everything must have worked out somehow. They didn't talk much in the following hour and George was thankful for it. Hermione finally left the room without breathing as much as a word and George could hear the shower soon after. He looked at Fred with a raised eyebrow. "Anything you want to confess?" "Nope!" Fred replied cheekily while popping the "p". George shook his head disapprovingly. "Fred I swear, if you scare the girl off…" "Nah, don't worry Georgie. I wouldn't dream of it." "Good. Because I kind of like her, you know?" Fred laughed. "I know you do. As well as you know that I do to." They grinned at each other. "Let's get ready, shall we? We don't wanna disappoint our girl after all." George suggested and Fred grinned. "Our girl. I love how that sounds." "Me too." George and his twin picked matching dress robes in a dark rich green colour that brilliantly matched with their hair an eye colour. That's at least what they told themselves. They apparated to shell cottage without waiting up for Hermione, as they knew that their mother would be here soon, to prepare the bride for the ceremony - whatever that meant. Shell cottage was thankfully almost empty. Only their parents, professor McGonagall, Bill and Fleur were still there and George was glad for it. He didn't much fancy a big wedding reception anyway. And seeing Ron would have upset Hermione even more. So hit was good, that the git was being a coward once more. Their mother greeted them with a silent nod and smiled at them lovingly, before saying her goodbyes and apparating back to their flat. But their father and the professor pulled them aside into the sitting room and sat them down at the table. "I'm glad you could figure this out," their dad said in a serious tone. "I trust you will treat her as the gentlemen I have raised you to be." They nodded in unison. " 'course we will." This seemed to satisfy him and he nodded proudly. "Well gentlemen," Professor McGonagall began "I recommend, that you return to your flat after the ceremony. You will have three days to enjoy your honeymoon there. But remember, that you only have until midnight before at least one of you… well I hope I don't need to spell this out for you. I will send you a patronus with further instructions for a small order meeting. We need to start planning soon to end this as soon as possible." They nodded but the professor continued. "This marriage will keep the ministry at bay for some time. They will need to stick to the official channels to get hold of you. But they will still try to get a hold on Hermione, one way or the other. So it is important, that you follow all the regulations of this law. So no contraceptives, as the official reason behind this law is to restore the stolen magic by reproduction. This is of course utter nonsense but we'll still need to follow their rules and play their game." Fred and George nodded weakly. The Weasleys have always been a fertile bunch but it couldn't be helped now. They would deel with the consequences, when they arose. "Of course, professor," he replied solemnly. The other witch smiled fondly at them. "I have no doubt that you will be able to protect her. But I must strongly advice you: no funny business with them ministry in the near future! You need to stay off their radar as long as possible. For now they will have their hand occupied will all the other muggleborns." They nodded. "Well then, gentlemen. Good luck!" The ceremony was kind of a blur for George. To their all astonishment it was performed by Percy, who seemed to have the necessary ministry clearance to perform such an act. George was still flabbergasted that he was willing to help them. Even if they had reconciled a week ago he was putting himself in big trouble for them. Because the ministry would be able to track the person, that had performed the ceremony for Hermione. And George had no doubt that they would try to hold it against Percy. He was doing nothing wrong of course. But it would still make things more difficult for him in the future. Hermione wore a simple but elegant gown in pale green and her hair was tamed into a plaited crown, from where several hair strands escaped and fell down her shoulders and back in soft ringlets. She looked stunning. They met her outside at the beach together with all the other men that were present for the ceremony. She walked towards them with Fleur, their mum and Professor McGonagall and George felt his heart flutter. The last time she had seen her as beautiful was at the jule ball in her fourth year, but now she looked even more divine. He felt Fred's hand close around his own encouragingly and his nerves immediately calmed. They could do this, as long as they were together. No matter what life kept throwing at them. Together they would muster it all and stand proudly while doing so. The wedding vows were simplistic but as it wasn't a love marriage, George was grateful for it. They promised each other fidelity, loyalty, protection and companionship and soon after simple golden wedding bands were exchanged, that only their spouses could remove. Finally Percy took his wand and cast the spell that bound their magic together and he watched fascinated, as golden strands of magic wove themselves around their entwined hands. He felt the warm tingle of magic on his skin paired with a rush of warm and untarnished energy that settled into his magical core and for a moment he could feel her there - Hermione. This was how her magic felt. She was now a part of him. A moment later the golden strands disappeared, but the feeling in his chest remained. He would be able to feel her there forever, he knew. George felt his focus shift back to reality. Their guests smiled encouragingly at them, while Percy cleared his throat and said: "And I therefore proclaim you husbands and wife. Congratulations. You may now seal this marriage with a kiss." He gulped but nodded. "You go first," he heard his twin's voice within this head and nodded inwardly. Then he slowly turned towards Hermione and smiled. She was looking up at him trustingly and he gently took her by the chin and pulled her down to him. He settled for a chaste kiss on the lips that was over after a second. It was just enough of a kiss to make it count. He didn't want to make her feel uncomfortable in front of everybody and he didn't really a snog at the moment anyway. It seemed to have been the right thing to do, because Hermione smiled at him shyly with pinkish cheeks. He smiled back at her warmly. Then it was Fred's turn. His twin seemed to have made the same decision, as he also settled for a quick and chaste peck on the lips, which Hermione accepted casually. As he pulled back from her the small crowd cheered happily at them and George caught a self-satisfied glimmer in his twin's eye that made him pause. But he didn't have time to dwell on it now. "To the bride and the grooms!" his brother Bill shouted and raised a flute of champagne towards them. Just then George realized that they were also given a glass each which was now in their hands. "To the bride and the grooms!" the rest of the party shouted and raised their glasses. And so they drank together. He looked towards Hermione who was watching everybody with pink cheeks and sipped her champagne reluctantly. Fred on the other hand just gulped his drink down and nudged him with his elbow. "Let's get out of here!" he suggested through their bond and George agreed. He didn't really fancy a big party and he was sure Hermione didn't fancy one either. And so they each grabbed one of her hands and bowed toward their guest. "It was lovely of you…" Fred started "To join us this beautiful evening." George finished for him. "But we will be off now." "Our honeymoon awaits!" Fred proclaimed und grinned towards them. Their mother huffed and waved at them tearily. But Fred just saluted cheekily and then whisked them away though a sidelong apparition. They landed in the middle of their living room with an elegant plop. For a moment none of them moved and they all just clang to one another and stared into the empty flat. Finally Fred cleared his throat nervously and said: "Well, that was that." George snorted and even Hermione laughed weakly. Finally Fred pulled away from them and opened his collar, before throwing himself on the sofa. There he propped up his legs and watched them neutrally. Hermione looked at him with a puzzled expression. "Fred? What are you doing?" she asked somewhat bewildered. "I thought I would give you lovebirds some privacy." He replied and pulled a small flask from below his dress robes and held it towards contained a dark purple, thick potion. "Dreamless sleep - I won't feel a thing." He promised and looked at them seriously. "We can't do this every time, this stuff is quite addictive. But today will be awkward enough as it is and this will make it easier on all of us." Hermione nodded gratefully and moved towards Fred to give him a peck on the cheek. "Thank you Fred. I appreciate it." She said and stepped back towards George. "Are you sure Fred?" he asked his brother though the twin bond. "She trusts you more than me, so I think you would be more suitable to help her though this." Fred explained to him silently and he nodded. Then he looked towards Hermione who smiled at him faintly. "Shall we then?" he asked and offered her his arm. Hermione exhaled nervously and nodded. Just as she took his arm they saw Fred open the bottle of dreamless sleep and toasting silently towards them. George nodded towards him, before turning around and pulling Hermione with him. He didn't look back. Hermione felt absolutely paralyzed, when she heard the bedroom door close behind her. George had taken her to his bedroom without hesitation and she realized that she had never been to his room before. The walls here were painted in a dark red tone but Hermione could make out golden lines on the wall to her right side that formed a breath-taking and detailed drawing of Hogwarts. And she couldn't help but step towards it and trace one of the lines with her finger. "You like it?" George asked behind her and stepped closer. "Of course I do. I've never seen anything like it. It's beautiful!" She admitted and kept taking in all the details of the picture. To the left side of the castle the womping willow stood in the background of the picture and behind it there was even the silhouette of a centaur visible. It was awe-inspiring. "Good." George replied and suddenly his arms encircled her from behind. Hermione couldn't help but startle, but she forced herself to remain calm. It was only George she told herself and he wouldn't hurt her. "Who's the artist?" she asked lightly and heard him chuckle. "Well, me of course. I am the more artistic of the two of us and I quite enjoy drawing." "I didn't know," she admitted somewhat embarrassed. "I fact I think I don't know much about any of you. In my head you are still only the quiddich obsessed pranksters I knew from Hogwarts. But I realize that this is not nearly everything to you." Suddenly she felt his head resting on her shoulder, before his arms pulled her even closer. "And I am sure there is also more to you then the bossy know-it-all that Ron complained about half the time." He chuckled and she nodded. She totally got his point. They were all different people in private. There would be time to get to know each other in the next weeks and months, just not right now… "What would you like me to do?" she finally asked and shifted nervously. "Should I lie down on the bed or remove my clothes first? Or I could remove your clothes for you if you like…" she suggested but George just shook his head on her shoulder. He slowly stepped back from her and moved around, so that he was suddenly in front of her, with his back to the wall. From there he watched her with a gentle expression. "Try to relax Hermione. And just do what feels right to you, okay?" She nodded confusedly but didn't say anything. "Now, may I kiss you?" he asked and studied her with warm brown eyes. She felt her mouth go dry but nodded anyway. He smiled at her in return, before stepping closer to her and putting his hands on her cheeks. He pulled her slightly towards him and just a moment later his lips were on hers. They were warm and soft and gently and Hermione couldn't help but release a relieved sigh. Than she closed her arms around his back and started kissing him back. She gently nibbled at his bottom lip with her teeth, which made him smile against her mouth. Meanwhile he started tracing her cheek with his thumb, before sneaking his other hand around and capturing her neck. Then he deepened the kiss. It wasn't a heated kiss more a playful exploration of each other. And Hermione discovered that it was actually kind of nice and she hummed happily, which made him smile. But he didn't say anything and just kept kissing her. Hermione felt herself more and more relax and started running her hands up and down at his back. She felt his hands moving down too, tracing her spine and finally stopping at her hips, where they came to rest. Then he groaned and pulled her even closer before deepening the kiss. He started kissing her more feverishly and she could suddenly feel his tongue exploring her mouth. She lost herself within the kiss and gained confidence with every stroke of his tongue. Without thinking about it she moved forward and backed him into the wall and he moved willingly. His hands were all over her back but finally they stopped at the zipper that was hidden on the back. "May I?" he asked carefully after breaking the kiss. Hermione didn't know what to reply. Of course she knew that the gown would have to come off sooner or later, but she couldn't help but feel extremely uncomfortable at the thought. Too many scars and imperfections were hidden beneath. "What's wrong?" he asked after she just kept staring at him with wide eyes. She sighed but still couldn't manage a reply. Instead she embraced him tightly and rested her head on his shoulder. He simply hugged her back and traced her back soothingly. "I have collected quite a few scars during the war," Hermione finally admitted. "I guess I just feel uncomfortable with you seeing them. Some are quite ugly." George huffed. "I've got a few scars myself. Don't worry. It's nothing to be ashamed of. Do you wanna see?" She nodded shyly. He stepped back from her and moved into the room, where he stopped at the end of the bed. There he started unbuttoning his cuffs and collar. Hermione didn't dare to move and just followed him with his eyes, as he stripped off his robe, shirt and after that his black trousers and socks. When he finally stopped undressing, he was standing before her only clad in his black boxers. She gulped and her eyes involuntarily roamed across his muscled arms and chest. He really was fit. "You'll have to come closer, if you want to see them, you know?" he teased and looked at her challengingly. But he was right of course. With four quick steps she was in front of him and looked at him with raised eyebrows. "Well, where are they?" she asked but he simply smiled at her. "I think I'll just have you look for them," he said and crossed the arms behind his head. "Well go on. I won't move." Hermione huffed but finally the curiosity won out. She studied his chest and arms and finally found a fainted but still visible scar on this right forearm that looked like a blob. It had the size of a child's hand and had kind of a whitish colour. "What's this one?" She finally asked and traced it gently. "It's from a potions accident about 14 months ago. You know Fred and I design our products ourselves. Sometimes things go a bit wrong. We were working on a new skin tonic to remove freckles for the wonder witch series, but we must have calculated the amount of mooncalf hair wrong." He shrugged. Hermione nodded satisfied and moved on. There were no more scars at his front, but she found a big and angry red scar on his left shoulder blade. It was trice as big as the other one and looked quite fresh. She gulped and didn't dare to touch it. "And this one?" she asked uncomfortably and traced his spine instead. He shuddered. "That's from the battle a week ago. I was hit with a quite nasty curse, when I was helping Fred back into the great hall to see Madame Pomfrey. Must have been a stray curse, because I didn't see anybody cast it - which is quite annoying to be honest." She snorted. Only one of the twins could talk about an injury quite as casual. Hermione continued her exploring but didn't find anything else, so she moved back in front of him. "There's nothing else," she stated and couldn't help sound a bit disappointed. But George just raised his eyebrows questioningly at her. "Really? Aren't you forgetting something?" he motioned towards his missing ear. Hermione's cheeks reddened. She had really forgotten about this injury, as she simply stopped noticing it. "Oh yeah, I totally forgot about that one," she admitted and smiled sheepishly. But he just smiled. "You see? I'm also far from perfect. Even if I let everybody believe otherwise." Hermione nodded and before she could lose her nerves, she stepped forward and kissed him. She moved her hands around him and rested them at the small of his back. George didn't seem uncomfortable in the least, as he hummed happily and kissed her back eagerly. His arms pulled her close and he moved them across her shoulder blades until they stilled at the zipper of her gown. He broke the kiss and looked at her questioningly. Hermione locked eyes with him, took a deep breath and nodded. He smiled brightly at her, before capturing her lips with another kiss. This time he kissed her hungrily and Hermione lost herself quickly within the kiss. And so she only noticed that he had opened her gown, when his hands slid the silky fabric down from her shoulders. The gown glided to the floor almost silently and left Hermione in her knickers and her bra in front of him. But he didn't even look at her and just pulled her closer. His hands hungrily roamed the naked skin on her back and waist and she could feel goose bumps spread on her skin due to his touch. She involuntarily shivered. "You alright?" he asked gently and she nodded. "Just a bit cold," she lied and pulled him close again. But he smiled and backed her down towards the bed. "Then let's hide below these covers," he murmured and started kissing her again. A moment later she stumbled across the bedframe and landed on top of the orange bed cover with a small squeak. George laughed and climbed into the bed next to her, before pulling an extra blanket over their bodies. Then he snuggled closer to her. At first she didn't dare to move, because her brain suddenly registered, that they were in bed and she knew, what would happen there soon. George seemed to sense her uneasiness, because he gently kissed her again before murmuring "Relax" into her mouth. She nodded and shyly kissed him back, but her heart continued hammering. He didn't push for anything and just kept kissing her patiently. Finally she calmed down and snuggled into him. He broke the kiss and just pulled her into a strong embrace. He dug his nose into her hair and inhaled deeply, and Hermione realized, that the plaited crown at started coming loose. Seemed like the magic which was holding her hair together was simply wearing off. But George didn't seem to mind. His hands roamed though her thick strands and kneaded her locks, while his mouth trailed across her face and left tiny kisses along the way. Finally Hermione found her courage again and trailed her hands down his sides, where they started playing with the hem of his boxers and the skin above. This time George shuddered against her. "Do you have any idea what you are doing to me?" he murmured huskily and just now Hermione realized, that he was panting. He shook her head mutely. "I love how you taste," he admitted "and those clever fingers of yours…" he laughed breathlessly and pulled her into a heated kiss. She realized that she suddenly felt warm all over and couldn't help but dig her fingernails into the skin of his back. He groaned into her mouth. Suddenly his hands moved down to her back and suddenly he had opened the clasp of her bra with an effortless motion. But before she had time to react, he just pulled her over on her back and moved on top of her, without breaking the kiss. Hermione realized that she didn't mind. He wasn't heavy and didn't tower over her. George held himself up gracefully while kissing her with a fever that seemed to set her body aflame. It didn't take long and she started squirming below him impatiently and he broke his kiss and chuckled. "What do you want?" he asked her and searched her face for a reaction. Hermione couldn't help but blush. She wanted more, needed more, but she didn't know what to say. "I don't know," she finally admitted and captured her lip with her teeth. "What we do feels brilliant, but somehow it leaves me tingeling all over and…" He laughed. "I think I have an idea," he said and this time he lowered his mouth onto her collarbone and started kissing it while moving down. With a fluid motion he angled her bra and threw it on the floor, before kissing his way down to her breasts. The tingeling definitely got worse and her heart started hammering frantically in her chest. But she didn't mind and just pulled him closer. Finally her hands sneaked below the waistband of his boxers and before she could lose her nerve, she started moving them down. She studied the curve of his butt just as she felt his mouth close around the tip of her breast. She groaned and dug her nails into his skin. "Good?" he asked inquiringly and she nodded. And so he quickly continued. Somehow she must have lost track, because suddenly his mouth has moved further down and his fingers started resting on the hem of her knickers. "Do you mind?" he murmured but she just shook her head and angled them down herself. He smiled at her with glittering eyes and kicked his boxers down. "Just for fairness," he explained and finally studied her with his eyes. "Hm beautiful," he hummed before kissing her stomach. She giggled. "Sorry, I'm ticklish." She explained and tried to pull him up. He complied and when she pulled his face towards hers he kissed her eagerly. Again she lost herself into his kisses and the next thing she registered was his hand moving down. She stiffened below him and he immediately stopped. "Relax," he murmured against her mouth and his hand started moving again. "I promise you will like this." And she did. Oh, he really had clever fingers. In almost no time she was panting below him, but he kept kissing her and stroking her and she felt like she was going to explode. Sweet Merlin! But then he stopped and she looked at him with heavy lids. "Come back," she pleaded but he shook his head and smiled. "Just a moment, love," he said and suddenly she felt how he aligned himself at her entrance. She sought his eyes out and gulped. But George didn't do anything else and suddenly his mouth was kissing her again and his fingers were doing these clever things. She moaned and closed her eyes again while bathing in his attentions. Again there was this pressure behind her navel that just kept building and she started wiggling against him. He seemed to have waited for this kind of reaction, because suddenly he moved towards her with a fluent stroke and buried himself in her. It was too much, he was huge and he just kept stretching her and it hurt. She winced and George stilled immediately. But then the pain was over and she relaxed back into her pillow. "Sorry," he murmured and started kissing her apologetically. Hermione had already forgiven him. But George didn't move and just kept on kissing her. She really didn't mind as this gave her the chance to get used to the feeling of him inside her. It felt a bit strange at first but he didn't feel too big, like he had moments ago. And it definitely didn't hurt any longer. "Try to start moving," she suggested and he complied immediately. And oh, it felt good. Suddenly his fingers were stroking her again but with him inside her it felt even better. Like a storm the feelings inside her started raging and just after some moments she heard herself call out his name, while tumbling and falling. Just a moment later she heard him moan her name, too, before he collapsed on top of her, where he wrapped himself around her with a content sigh. It was pure bliss. "That was…" she panted but didn't know what else to say. "Yeah," he agreed, before rolling down onto the bed to her right side and pulling her close. She snuggled her back into his chest and bedded her head against his shoulder. Oh, this felt perfect. This was warm and safe and he just kept holding her. And before Hermione knew it, she was fast asleep.
A.N.: I am really happy about all of you, who have joined me so far. It is nice to know, that I'm not only writing for myself. At the moment I still have an enormous writing output, so you all got several chapters last week. I am sure that my writing will slow down eventually, but I don't see any sense in holding already finished chapters back from you. So I just keep posting them whenever the mood strikes. Chapter 5: The cat that caught the canary George hadn't slept as good in months. Ever since Bill's wedding things had been crazy and they were constantly on their toes while looking over their shoulders. It was a challenging time. They had to shut down their shop only a month into the war and went into hiding. Running "Potter watch" on the wizarding wireless was no small feat and had painted a big target on their backs. But thanks to their savings and their almost natural talent for hiding they had managed just fine. But he never felt the peacefulness of the pre-war-times ever again. Until now… and they were still in the middle of the war, or had lost it, depending on who you asked. Hermione made him feel secure - protected even. It should have been the other way around, them protecting her. And they definitely would protect her, if she ever needed protection. But still there was no denying it: Hermione Weasley was a fighter. He had seen her battle scars, even though he hadn't commented on them. But he had definitely seen them. There would be time later to ask her about them, when they felt more comfortable around each other. But knowing the stories that had circulated during the last years and seeing the scars, one thing was clear. That woman was a fighter. If there was still a chance to bring You-know-who down, then it was though her. He smiled and cuddled closer. For a moment he thought about getting up but he didn't want things being awkward between them now. And so he would stay and make sure she didn't feel embarrassed or anything comparably stupid. Like she had read his thoughts Hermione shifted to her back and just a moment later her eyes snapped open. At first she didn't seem to know where she was, but then her hazel eyes fell on him and he smiled at her. "Good morning sleepy head," he greeted her playfully and nuzzled her hair. "Sleep well?" She smiled at him shyly. "Like a baby. Must have been out like a light." "Same here," he replied and let go of her. "Would you like some breakfast?" She nodded eagerly. "Yeah, I'm starving. Didn't have much of an appetite yesterday and I can't remember eating anything past noon." He swung his legs down to the floor and angled for his boxers with his right foot. "This calls for a big breakfast then. I'll see what I can do." He put his boxers on and strolled to the door ignoring all the other clothes at the floor. Instead he grabbed a purple silky morning gown from the hook next to the door. "Take your time to get ready. I'll just make a quick bathroom stop before I raid the fridge." He winked at her and she smiled. All would be well between them. I'd make sure of that. Fred woke on the sofa, when he heard the door to George's room open and shut. True to his word the dreamless sleep potion had totally knocked him out and he had slept for 10 hours straight. 10 hours of blissful unawareness. But on the other hand he couldn't help his curiosity making an appearance. But he wouldn't ask either of them about their night together. Maybe George would volunteer some information on how it went. If not he would soon see for himself, because his part of the marriage was still unsealed. Time to make plans for this occasion, he told himself. He didn't want their first time together to be like a strange sort of dejavúe to her. It was bad enough that he looked like his brother and most of the people couldn't even tell them apart. So it was time for him to leave a good first impression. His wife would learn the differences between them soon enough. Breakfast was an awkward affair. George had prepared scrambled eggs and toast for them and they mostly ate in silence. Hermione looked kind of normal and didn't seem distressed in any way, for which he was thankful. But she didn't seem to know what to talk about with them. And he really couldn't hold it against her. What should they talk about? The war which was nearly lost? Her friends which were dead or had abandoned her? Her parents, that were Merlin knows were? Or maybe the marriage law, which had turned all their lives upside down? There really was no easy conversation topic for them at the moment. "Let's open up the shop again!" he finally exclaimed and clanked his glass on the table. "Soon enough something like a new normality will arise and the people will need a good laugh in their life again. What do you say?" Fred looked at the two of them expectantly. "Maybe not a bad idea," George agreed while sipping at his pumpkin juice. "Our savings ran almost out anyway and we will need some time to prepare everything, before we can open up again. Hermione?" Their wife furrowed her brows and looked at them. The wheels in her pretty head had started turning again. "There is no harm in preparing everything I advance. I am sure you'll have to go through the stock and look for products, that maybe ran out. You'll almost certainly have to restock several things and maybe produce a new product or two, to make people curious again and bring them back into the shop." Fred smiled brightly. "Then it's good, that we'll have your help, right?" He winked at her. "Because you're now part of the prankster family." She looked at them calculatingly. "George talked to you, then?" But Fred simply smiled. "In a way?" He grinned. "Well what do you say? Fancy a tour through the shop?" She shrugged. "Sure. As long as you don't try to prank me?" They laughed together. "We wouldn't dream of it," they said in unison. "You're one of us now, after all." Hermione had to admit that spending a day with the twins was fun. They not only showed her the shop but also willingly demonstrated several pranks to her. As long as she still went to school and dreamed of a career as head girl she wouldn't have found them nearly as funny. But Fred transforming into a terrier and chasing after them through the workshop while wagging his tail was simply hilarious. They chased each other through the rows of boxes filled with joke items and finally he tackled her to the floor in the back of the workshop. Still giggling she scratched his ear, while he sat expectantly on her belly while wagging his furry tail. Unfortunately a moment later the "paw pickles" wore of and suddenly a grinning redhead was sitting on her lap, while her hand was still craddling the back of his head. She was almost sure he was about to kiss her, but he just smirked and pulled himself up, before offering her his hand to help her up too. She took it gratefully but couldn't help the blush that was spreading on her cheeks. The second almost-kiss happened, when she was sorting through some of the boxes with him. She was carrying a pile of six boxes towards one of the working tables, when she suddenly tripped and stumbled. But before she could react, strong arms caught her, so that only the boxes tumbled to the floor. Again it was Fred, but this time she was even closer to him. Her hands had grabbed him roughly by the shirt, while his arms firmly held her around the waist. For a moment their eyes locked and her heart started to pound heavily. But after a long second he simply smiled and let her go. Hermione could have sworn that he was about to kiss her, but no. She simply must have started imagining things. But then there were all these small touches in between and she couldn't help but wonder: his hand cupping the small of her back while showing her around, or playing with her hair while they talked to George. Two times their legs brushed under the table, while they sat next to each other on the desk and each time her skin started tingling all over. It was maddening. And then there was the third almost-kiss. Again they were working together at the back of the shop while George was puttering in the salesroom. She had just taken one of the boxes from the big shelf next to the door, when suddenly the lid exploded with a silent poof and a big cloud of yellow power erupted into her face. For a moment she simply stood there flabbergasted, but then a silent spell whisked the dust away and Fred stood before her grinningly. "You look like a fluffed canary," he said with twinkling eyes. But then his gaze shifted and his eyed trailed towards her mouth and she couldn't help but lick her lips expectantly. "Oi, get a room you two!" they suddenly heard George's voice from the door and Hermione made a surprized jump. But Fred just laughed at his brother boyishly, stepped closer to her and snagged her around the waist. A moment later he had already lifted her into the air and thrown her over his shoulder. "Good idea Georgie!" he shouted chipperly and Hermione could barely catch a glimpse of the small bottle of dreamless sleep that he tossed towards his twin, before he disapparated with her in tow. They must have landed in his bedroom, as the layout of the room was much the same as in George's room. The queen size bed was pushed towards the left wall, with a wardrobe on the wall next to them. But otherwise the rooms couldn't have been different. The bottle green walls were plastered with quiddich posters and also on his bedsheets there were little golden snitches all over. "Put me down!" she demanded while wiggling on his shoulder angrily. And just a moment later he let her slide down in front of him while steadying her with his arms. "What do you think you are doing?" she asked angrily while poking her finger into his chest. "I'm not some kind of luggage, you know?" "I know," he replied, grinning widely. "But I didn't fancy snogging you in the middle of the workshop in front of George." He smirked and suddenly he was two steps closer and his lips were capturing hers into a lingering kiss. For a moment the world just stopped as her mind went blank. She didn't think, couldn't think when his lips kissed her like that. And so she just kissed him back. And Merlin it felt right. It really shouldn't have because just yesterday she had been with his brother. Sweet Circe what was she even doing? Suddenly her mind started spinning again and he must have felt it, because he instantly pulled back. He didn't say anything, just held her and studied her with intensive brown eyes. "I wanted to do this for hours," he suddenly confessed and grinned. For a moment she just kept staring at him, before she suddenly burst into hysteric giggles. "You are all yellow," she choked out and hinted towards his face before erupting into another set of giggles. He really looked hilarious. "Yellow, huh?" he asked with an unreadable expression. "Oh I'll show you yellow!" he smirked and suddenly leaped towards her. Only the reflexes she had acquired though the months on the run managed to save her. She jumped to the side and just a moment later she was on her way to the door. But he was directly behind her. Fred chased her down the hall, where they crossed a puzzled looking George. He must have been on the way into his room, by the look of it. For a moment he just stared at them, and Hermione stopped awkwardly in front of him. "Hey Georgie, what are you still doing here?" Fred asked lightly behind her. "Well you know some people prefer to walk into their room," his twin explained with an amused expression. "By the way, you to look like a cat chasing a canary…" He snorted and opened the door to his room. "Well good night you two. And try not to wrack the flat too much, will you?" And with that he was gone. "Like a canary, huh? Well looks like I'll have to drag you into the shower." She shrieked. "Don't you dare Fred Weasley!" And just like that they were chasing again. But of course she didn't stand much of a chance. Fred was long and lean and in good shape. She was… well, the canary. And so it didn't take him long to tackle her on the sofa. "Gotcha," he exclaimed triumphantly while holding her down firmly with his hands. "What shall I do now with you my little canary?" "I am not going into the shower with you!" she protested heatedly. He shrugged. "Well, I guess then I'll just get myself all yellow." And just like that he kissed her again. For a moment she wanted to protest, to struggle against him but then her mind went all fuzzy again and she didn't mind at all – not when it felt so damn good. And Merlin the man could kiss and there was no doubt right now, that he wanted her. And somehow she wanted him back. It was totally illogical as she didn't really know him, but right at this moment she didn't care. She just wanted him to kiss her. And that he did – thoroughly. Within minutes she was panting below him but he just kept on kissing. Then suddenly, her world seemed to shift just for a moment, and when she opened her eyes confusedly she registered, that they were definitely no longer on the sofa. "Fred? Did you just apparate us to your bedroom?" she asked confusedly. He grinned at her triumphantly. "I thought you would prefer my bed to the shower." She rolled her eyes. "Fred, this kind of stuff is dangerous. It's like driving a car intoxicated or…" But she couldn't finish because then his mouth was back at hers again and just a moment later she didn't even care any longer. Not as long as he kept kissing her like that. And that he did. Fred was enjoying every moment of this. He honestly didn't have any expectations for this evening except the obvious sealing of the marriage bond which had to be done at same point. His plan was to distract Hermione as much as possible, probably make her laugh at some point and then just get it over with. But that totally wasn't what was happening here. Hermione kept kissing him back with a feavor that he hadn't expected from her at all. She didn't shy back from him or hold back and just kept on going and it was intoxicating. Her lips were so soft and warm and welcoming and her body... he didn't even have words for it. She was small, petit even, but what she hid below her jeans and jumper was just exquisite. And he simply couldn't help himself and explore it all. There was a spot behind her ear that let her make the most fascinating noises, when he kissed her there. Small bites to her neck were rewarded with little shivers and goosebumps and when he was finally brave enough to touch her breasts, she moaned his name like nobody had before. And it all went straight to his groin. And it was almost too much. He felt like a bloody teenage boy that couldn't last for five minutes, but he wanted to take her and to finally feel her. But he really couldn't do this to a girl that only yesterday had still been a virgin. And so he forced himself to slow down. "What's wrong?" she asked him confusedly, when he moved his hand back to her face and slowed down the kiss. "Have I done something wrong?" He couldn't help but shake his head laughingly. "Let me guess. You don't even have an idea how hot you are… Gods I could just ravish you here and now, but that wouldn't be very gentlemanly now, would it?" Hermione gnawed at her lip nervously. "I do have a good time, you know?" she admitted sheepishly. "And well, I really can't believe I'm saying that, but maybe you really shouldn't overthink this. Just…" "Just what?" he asked grinningly. "Well… don't stop?" Fred laughed happily and pulled her into a feverish kiss. He didn't stop until he heard her shouting his name his name and finally collapsed on her just a moment later. And he couldn't help but feel like a cat that had finally caught the canary.
A.N.: I am not really that happy with this chapter. It contains lots of stuff that needed to happen but wasn't that much fun to write. But well, we need to get the ball rolling. Because it can't be all romance and sunshine, right? Well, I hope you can enjoy the read. Please tell me in the comments what you think, will you? Chapter 6: Old enemies and new plans Hermione awoke and was totally disorientated. For a moment she didn't know where she was but then it suddenly all came back to her. The marriage law, her night with George and now her night with Fred – especially her night with Fred. Sweet Merlin, what did she think to forget herself like that? She had behaved like some sort of needy teenager that had more or less jumped him. But that was just the thing: she didn't think. Hermione groaned embarrassedly. "Hermione? What's wrong?" murmured a sleepy voice next to her. Brilliant! Now she had woken him. "Nothing, go back to sleep," she said lightly but he simply wouldn't buy it. "I can tell you're lying," he said and propped himself up sleepily. "Did you have a nightmare?" Fred crawled closer and snuggled against her, but she couldn't help but stiffen. He was alert instantly. "Hermione?" He asked and watched her calculatingly. "What's wrong? I haven't hurt you, have I?" She looked at him with wide eyes. "Hurt me? No, gods no! That's not at all what this is. I just … can't help and feel a bit embarrassed, you know?" She sighed. Gosh, she really didn't want to have this conversation. Hermione almost saw the relief in his eyes when he exhaled. But a moment later he shook his head incredulously. "I don't get it. Why would you feel embarrassed?" She gulped. "Well, I jumped you like a horny teenager," she admitted and luckily it was still dark, so that he couldn't see the blush spreading at her face. Fred cleared his throat. "Well, technically we jumped each other like horny teenagers if I remember correctly." She snorted. "Well, when you put it like that… but I mean… why?" He shook his head confusedly. "What do you mean, why?" Hermione harrumphed. "It was our first time together and I am kind of new to this kind of stuff and…" He laughed. "Well I am kind of hot, you know?" She groaned. "Fred! Could you please take this seriously? I am kind of freaking out here." He sighed. "Alright. Sorry." He pulled her into a gentle embrace. "You know that you don't need to feel bad or embarrassed because of me. Last night was wonderful and I wouldn't want to change a thing," he ensured her and Hermione couldn't help but relax into his arms. She nodded, because somehow she felt the same. But still… "I just find it so strange. I usually don't behave like that. Don't be mad but I barely even know you…" He sighed into her hair. "I think I kind of get this now. Let me ask you some questions, okay?" She nodded into his chest and inhaled his musky scent. And she couldn't help but already feel better. "Do you trust George?" She blinked. That wasn't the question she had expected. "Yeah, I trust him," she replied honestly. "Good, because then you also trust me," he stated as if it was a fact. She blinked. "Huh? How do you know?" "Hermione. We are magical twins. George and I are like the two sides of the same galleon. Sure, we are different, but we are still the same coin." She paused. "Huh, I didn't see it like that," she confessed. "But it's true. And even if your mind didn't know, your heart felt it. So another question: did you enjoy your first time with George?" She stiffened. "Fred! You know this really is none of your business!" He laughed. "Alright, alright. But you see where I'm going with this? Even if your mind thinks that it was our first time, and technically it was, your heart…" Hermione nodded understandingly. "My heart couldn't tell, yeah." She sighed and suddenly she couldn't help but ask him: "Does it bother you?" Fred moved back a bit and took her gently by the shoulders while locking eyes with her. "Hermione! Last night was wonderful and I wouldn't change a thing, remember? And I mean it! It doesn't bother me, that you also had a good time with George – supposedly. Remember? We are two sides of the same coin! There's nothing like jealousy between us." She gulped but nodded. "Good. And thanks for explaining this to me, Fred. This twin-bond-thing is kind of complicated." He laughed and kissed her on the forehead. "Anytime." Then he smirked at her. "Well, now that we are already awake… wanna go for another round?" He waggled her eyebrows at her. "Fred!" she laughed and smacked him on the arm lightly. "You really are insatiable." "I know," he confessed rakishly and pulled her into another kiss. It was the first of many that followed. The next day was mostly spent the same way as the day before. After a rich breakfast they moved downstairs to the joke shop and went through their storage together. It could have been a tedious task but between the three of them it really wasn't. Hermione was obviously enjoying the organizing and the writing of detailed lists of their supplies. Fred and George hated that part of their work, but she was gladly taking that from them. Fred was even more of a clown than usual and George couldn't help noticing the brilliant mood his twin was in. Things must have gone well between him and Hermione then. He was glad. Otherwise the next months could have gotten really awkward. The evening was spent together in the living room. Hermione retreated into a wingchair with one of her books while he and Fred went for a game of exploding snap in front of the fire. It was a cosy affair. But all too soon their witch started to yawn and excused herself to bed – alone. Well George hadn't really expected her to share a bed with them outside of their weekly arrangements, but he still couldn't help but feel a bit disappointed. And Fred was feeling much the same if he read his feelings through their bond correctly. They shot each other an understanding look but didn't comment on it, because there really was no need to. The next morning brought a visitor into their living room. They were at breakfast, as suddenly the fire of their fireplace flared green and McGonagalls voice announced her immediate arrival in her typical clipped voice. And just a few moments later said witch stepped into the room. She was wearing her dark green tartan robes and was examining them with her typical strict expression. "Messes Weasley, Mrs Weasley." She said and nodded at them greatingly. Hermione immediately jumped to attention. "Professor McGonagall, please do come in. We were already expecting you," she said and was offering the older witch a spot at their breakfast table. "Do you want any tea or coffee?" The professor smiled. "Some tea with just a little lemon please." Hermione smiled and served her the tea smilingly. It was obvious, that she was happy to see the older witch. Then she sat back down at the table. "Professor? If you don't mind I would really prefer if you just called me Hermione. The name Mrs Weasley will for me be forever associated with Fred's and George's mum," she said shyly but the older witch just smiled. "Of course. But then it will be Minerva to all of you. I find that fitting anyway, as I have been already to your wedding, dears." She smiled and George couldn't help but feel a bit uncomfortable, as this expression usually wasn't directed to him or his brother. It was strange, seeing McGonagall - no Minerva he corrected himself - with such a pleased expression on her face. But Hermione didn't seem fazed in the least. "Very well, Minerva. We'll stick to first names then. Is that alright with you Fred, George?" She looked at them and the twins nodded in unison. They were still too flabbergasted to say something. "Would you mind finishing breakfast with us first? There are some topics ahead, which I'd prefer not to discuss on an empty stomach." This turned out to be the right decision, as the story which Hermione told them afterwards was nothing George would ever repeat to anyone. The idea of Horcruxes - six horcruxes - was bad enough, but to know that Dumbledore had sent Hermione, his brother and Harry on the hunt for them alone was simply too much to take. And this was just the beginning of what Hermione told them. They of course had already heard about the break-in in the ministry and Gringotts but to know all the details of those operations and the reasons behind them was almost too much to believe. If it wasn't Hermione telling the story George would have simply thought, the whole thing was made up. But there were also other horrifying things, Hermione told them. George felt still sick at the thought of them carrying a horcrux around their necks for months, until they finally found a way to destroy it. And there was this major worrying detail about the deathly hollows, which obviously weren't just part of a child's story but actually existed. And their enemy and momentary head of the government was in the possession of the elder wand – a wand that would make it almost impossible, to beat him in a magical fight. Hermione finished her story after almost two hours. She had used her well organized mind and told them everything in excruciating detail and in what seemed to be the perfect order. But he still had problems to process it all. And he didn't seem to be the only one, as nobody breathed a word for several minutes and everybody just stared mutely into the distance. Finally Minerva seemed to have found her bearings and said: "So, let me get this straight Hermione. You, Mr Potter and Mr Weasley managed to destroy the locket, the diadem and the cup. The old headmaster destroyed the ring. And you say the diary which possessed young Miss Weasley in her first year was also a horcrux?" Hermione nodded. "Yeah. It was also destroyed by Harry through the use of Baselisk venom." The professor nodded but seemed to be deep in thought. "And you say there is just one other horcrux, the snake I believe?" "Yes, there is still the snake. I am almost a hundred percent sure, that she is the last horcrux. But the dark lord keeps her well protected now, as he figured, that she is the last horcrux left to him. When we were to the shrieking shack and he killed professor Snape…" Hermione had to fight for composure for a second, "he kept her protected with something like a glowing orb. I don't know what it was exactly, but we'll need to find out. I could show you the memory, if it helps." The older witch nodded. "I will look into this. But this seems the least of our problems at the moment." George paused but then it hit him. "Yeah, first we'll have to lure them out. Nobody has seen You-know-who in person or his pet-snake since the battle of Hogwarts." Fred nodded approvingly, but Hermione just frowned. "Well, actually this one comes second. First we'll have to figure out, how to kill the snake - well, and him at a later point." She looked at them sombrely. "As far as I know not many things can kill a horcrux. We mostly used basilisk venom and the sword of Gryffindor, as it had already absorbed the stuff. We don't have the sword any longer, but I still do have some basilisk teeth from the chamber of secrets." George and Fred nodded eagerly, but the professor didn't seem convinced and said: "But we can't say for sure, that the venom will kill the snake, as she is already poisonous herself. What if she can counteract the poison somehow? We'll only have one more chance at finishing that, if we even get so far." Hermione had started gnawing nervously on her bottom lip again. "I know and I had the same thought. Well the other methods known to me are fiendfire and the killing curse. And to be honest, I don't know anybody alive and on our side, who would be able and willing to cast those." She watched them sadly. But Minerva just nodded grimly. "Well, there might be someone. This is, if you would be willing to trust Kingsley with this information. Professor Flitwick might be also a valuable ally." She looked at Hermione unflinchingly. "I know the headmaster has not encouraged any trust towards the older order members in you. But to be honest I think he made a grave mistake with that. As you have already come to trust me and your husbands, I would strongly encourage you to think about including other valuable allies. Because I can assure you, this fight will be won costly, if at all." Hermione sighed and nodded. "You are right. And I trust you to pick our allies wisely, Minerva. It doesn't need saying what will happen to any of us, if the dark lords learns about our plans." The professor nodded gravely. "We'll have to tread carefully. But I trust that we all understand the gravity of what we are about to try." She moved her piercing eyes towards him and Fred and they solemnly nodded. "Of course." They hadn't said much throughout this whole conversation but sometimes no words were needed. And he and Fred would have to talk about many things between the two of them, as soon as the opportunity arose. The opportunity for the much needed talk came, as soon as Hermione excused herself to bed in the evening. They had spent the day pleasantly enough and the inventory of the shop was almost finished by now. But George could tell that their heart was not in it. Every one of them seemed to be deep in thought and so laughter and mirth were noticeably absent today. Finally they settled down together in his bedroom. It wasn't the first time that they shared a bed together. George and Fred had done it often enough as kids and later, when they were distressed or needed the company of the other. Many nights at Hogwarts they had spent planning their joke shop below the covers of George's bed and so it was the natural choice of location for them now. George quickly changed into his sleeping clothes – a t-shirt and boxers – and laid down on his back, where his twin was already waiting for him in the same position. "So, how much have you known about this?" Fred finally asked him, while staring into the dark room. "Honestly? This stuff was completely new to me. Horcruxes, blimney Fred. That is really dark stuff." "I figured. Well, I just got the impression that she has come to trust you and so I thought you might have known…" George looked at him, as he sensed his nervousness through the bond. "Fred. She trust's both of us. That's why we are both in this together. But you're right. She has told me some stuff one evening. You remember this episode at Malfoy manor that she briefly mentioned before? Well, she left lots of details out there." There was never a question that he'd tell Fred about the whole thing. And so George explained to his twin everything he knew from this dark chapter of Hermione' life. "Merlin, this witch has been through a lot," Fred finally murmured and shook his head. "How she is even sane after that is beyond me." George didn't say anything to that, but there was no need. They both knew, what he thought on that matter. "Well, what shall we do now? I mean honestly? This stuff is kind of out of our league." George finally said and stared into the darkness "Nah, don't worry. We'll think of something. We might not be any good in throwing around fiendfire and killing curses but there's one thing, we are unbeatable at." And George knew exactly what his twin meant. And so they started planning. A.N.: What do you think they are planning? Tell me in the comments below. J
A.N.: In this chapter we'll put some more events in motion. So enjoy the peace as long as it lasts. ;-) Because there will be some challenges ahead of our favourite heroes. Chapter 7: Hot and cold Hermione started enjoying life with the twins. It was surprisingly easy. She had of course lived with Harry and Ron before, but maybe their time on the run wasn't the best thing to compare living arrangements to. Still Molly had done a great job raising these two boys - or maybe it was their experience living on their own. They both knew their household spells and weren't shy using them. And Hermione hadn't expected that at all. Somehow she had been mentally prepared to try to reign in the chaos that those two endlessly produced. She had seen failed experiments, wracked furniture and lots of pranking in her mind, but there was really none of that. And Hermione could hardly believe her luck. Because she was almost sure, that it would have been very different with Ron, who was lazy to the core. She would most likely have done all the chores herself and in the end Ron would have still complained. They would have driven each other up the wall most likely. Well, maybe this marriage law had also done her some good, in the end. And if she couldn't have love, then she would at least have contentment, which was more than most of the other victims of this barbaric law would ever have. The first interruption of their domestic bliss came five days into their marriage. Hermione and the twins had just started breakfast together, when they were interrupted by a sharp knock on their front door. "I'll go and get the door," George announced and jumped from his chair. Hermione nodded at him thankfully. She heard the front door open and couldn't help but listening in with one ear. The fight at Hogwarts had still only been days ago and one could never be too careful in these times. And what she heard from the hallway made her blood run cold. Hermione would have recognized this child-like voice everywhere. She was at the door barely three seconds later and Fred only was two steps behind. "Well, well. There we have the new founded Weasley family", greeted them the unpleasant voice of Dolores Umbridge. She still looked much the same like she had in the ministry these months ago in her pale pink dress and matching bow. And her smile was as wide and unsettling as ever. "Mrs Umbridge," forced Hermione herself to greet the witch. "I couldn't say we were expecting you. To what do we owe the pleasure?" She almost choked at her own words but in a world run by a muggleborn-hating maniac she would have to play nice. "Well Mrs Weasley, you should have expected me. You see, I am head of the Muggleborn Integration Office, short MIO now," the woman explained to them like talking to a group of four year olds. "It is my job to check on all muggleborn witches and wizards below the age of 25 and their spouses, to ensure that the marriage law is followed accordingly. You surely must have heard of the new marriage law, Mrs Weasley?" Hermione smiled. "We have, Madame." Umbridge smiled sweetly. "I thought so. Well, luckily you got yourself aligned to two pureblooded wizards. I must congratulate you on that fortunate arrangement. I assume this marriage has been sealed by all involved parties already?" She looked at them with her small piercing eyes and Hermione could feel her skin crawling with suppressed disgust. She nodded mutely, but Fred had already stepped in front of her and next to George and they both replied in unison: "Of course it has. We wouldn't want to disappoint the ministry after all, would we?" They made it sound lightly but Hermione could clearly detect the stressed undertone. "No dears, you really wouldn't," the woman relied unpleasantly and noted something on a clipboard that Hermione hadn't seen before. "You see, even if the former Miss Granger here was not assigned a husband through the ministry, she is still expected to integrate herself fittingly in our society. Therefore the same rules apply to this marriage as to all ministry approved bonds." Hermione shuddered involuntarily, even though her husbands shielded her from the view of the other witch. "It will fall to her husbands, to reign their wife in and show her a fitting place in society." Hermione heard Fred snort. "Do not worry Mam. We can assure you, that our wife knows her place in society very well and we will see to it, that she doesn't forget it." She couldn't help but smirk inwardly but Umbridge seemed satisfied with the reply. "Very well," the unpleasant woman said and again Hermione heard her write something down on her clipboard. "I think you are also already aware of the other … hem hem…" she cleared her throat "weekly liabilities of your marriage." Hermione shivered at the undertone of her voice. "The ministry does make allowances to pause these duties in case of a pregnancy, but these circumstances must be confirmed by ministry approved healers at St Mungo's hospital first. And even then a regular … hem hem… contact is still very much encouraged, as it assures a firm bond between the muggleborn and the pureblooded warden." She gulped. This part was new information. She had assumed that the ministry just wanted to get them pregnant as soon as possible. But no, of course they wanted to continue binding them to their keepers. Hermione sighed. She hadn't planned on getting pregnant soon anyway but she also knew that it maybe would happen soon enough, anyway. She must have missed the twins answer to this as Umbridge sounded a bit flustered, when she continued. "I must inform you that the ministry has taken hold of all the marriage contracts containing a muggleborn witches or wizards. We are able to track their activities and the fulfilment of the law though the magic sealed into the contract. You should know that we will be able to track your position, if you should miss to fulfil all the requirements of the marriage law. I am sure you are all aware of the punishment which awaits your young Mrs Weasley in such a case." Her voice almost sounded pitying but Hermione could detect the malicious undertone in it. "We are aware of it, thank you," she replied in a clipped voice. "Is there anything else?" "No, this will be al for today. But I am sure we will see each other soon enough. Have a good day." Before Hermione could reply to that, the twins had banged the door shut in front of the toad. And Hermione couldn't help but release a relieved breath. But she could still feel the dark clouds that were starting to form above their heads. The visit of the toad had all left them in a grumpy mood. Not, that it brought that many news for them, but now they knew for sure, that they had the ministry on their heels. George had always wondered how the ministry would be able to control the fulfilment of the law and he had to admit, that using the contracts themselves was a clever idea. Well, they just had to be careful then. Still, Umbridge's visit hadn't left him in the best of moods to pursue a bed-activity with Hermione and he didn't seem to be the only one. His woman hadn't hinted once in that direction and George simply didn't know how to ask her. As she went to bed by her own every night there wasn't simply the chance to initiate something spontaneously, or that's what he told himself. But their time for procrastination had finally run out on Sunday and so he approached Hermione after they finished their dinner. "Hermione?" he asked her awkwardly, after they had just finished doing the dishes together. Fred thankfully was nowhere to be seen. "Should we retreat into my room for the evening? We could also use yours if you prefer of course…" "Your room will be fine," she told him somewhat stiffly. "Should we just…" she waved into the direction of his bedroom. "Yeah," he replied and took a deep breath. Merlin, he felt awkward. Suddenly they were in his room and she had shut the door silently. He didn't know what to say, which was a totally new experience for him. But she didn't seem better off. What was different from last week? He had managed just fine then… "So…" she finally said and looked at him expectantly. "So," he replied and stared back. "Should I maybe kiss you?" she suggested and took a step towards him. George's heart started to flutter. Gosh, why was he suddenly feeling so awkward? He nodded and immediately she took another step towards him and then another. Finally she was directly in front of him and for a moment she watched him with her head leaned towards one side, before she took him by the shirt and pulled him closer. Their eyes locked and a moment later his lips were finally on hers. At first their lips only brushed several times while she stared up at him. But it was enough to let his heart beat heavily in his chest. He sighed, put his arms around her back and closed his eyes. Only then he deepened the kiss. He enjoyed having her back in his arms and being able to taste and smell her. Her lips felt glorious as they moved against his and as her hand started to roam his chest, his heart almost started to sing. But then her hands suddenly moved down to his belt and tried to undo the buckle. He stiffened. "Hermione…" he started cautiously after breaking the kiss. "I can't just…" he waved around helplessly. "Please, can we take this slowly?" She looked at him confused. "Oh, sorry. I didn't want to rush you or anything I just thought…" He nodded understandingly. "Yeah, I get it. But please, just because the ministry forces us to do this, doesn't mean that we have to get it over with as quickly as possible. Because honestly, I couldn't…" Hermione silenced him with a finger on his lips. "Okay, sorry. Shall we just start this again?" He smiled happily. "What do you say about a cosy little cuddle session on the bed?" "Sure," she said and shrugged. "Excellent." He took his wand from his trousers and with a wave he had changed them both into fluffy pyjamas. Another spell lit the room with candles and George was satisfied. "Nobody said, that we weren't allowed to enjoy ourselves, right?" And with that he jumped onto the mattress and lifted the covers for her. "Mrs Weasley?" He waggled his eyebrow at her which coaxed an amused snort from her. Then she lay down beside him before cuddling closer. He took her into his arms gently and buried his nose into her bushy hair. It felt glorious. This was how it was supposed to be between them. Not just hurried kisses before he quickly fucked her on the bed. No, George was determined to enjoy their time together and to make the most of it. And he did. For George things only got more complicated from there on. The night he had spent with Hermione had been wonderful and it had made his heart sing with joy. But it had also made abundantly clear what he was lacking, when on the next morning, things went back to normal again and Hermione left his bed without even a good-morning-kiss. It got even worse, when she spent her next night with his twin and he had to experience it without the help of the dreamless sleep potion. He and Fred had agreed to only use it for their wedding nights, as the stuff was highly addictive. Of course George had known that this night would be happening. But the pictures and feelings he got through the twin-bond were killing him. There were flashes of her joking around with his twin, her eyes crinkling with laughter. But he could also see her being chased by Fred around the bed, where they finally fell down in a heap of laughter. And then there was the kissing – playful kissing but also lots of full-on snogging – and finally the lovemaking. And gods, it was killing him! He almost felt it, like he was there himself and was on the receiving end of her attentions. But of course he wasn't and it just made him feel desperate and hungry for the touch that he could feel and not feel at the same time. It seemed to go on endlessly and in the end he was so desperate, that he thought about drinking himself into obliviation. Finally he settled for a long, very cold shower that helped him find his bearings again. But Merlin! Would it be like that every time? He wasn't sure if he could survive that. George wasn't jealous - not in the slightest - because he was happy for Fred. He just wanted to be there, too and not just be a bystander to their adventures. He wanted to be there with Hermione and Fred – all three of them together, but in this forced setting they were in, it wasn't an option of course. He was sure Hermione would run screaming if he even suggested it to her. But was it really that unreasonable? He didn't know and he had no idea whom to ask. George didn't know any other magical twins. Well, he'd definitely need to talk to Fred. They needed a way to cope with this situation, because they would have to do this for the rest of their lifes. And George definitely couldn't go on like this forever. "I think if we throw ourselves right into this, we could open the shop in two weeks," Hermione suggested at the next evening after they had settled down in the living area. She had propped herself up on the sofa and George had sat down at her feet and had started rubbing them absentmindly. She didn't seem to mind, on the contrary. She had even started to hum with pleasure, but George was not sure, if she noticed doing it. "Two weeks? Brilliant!" Fred exclaimed and clapped his hand together excitedly. "I can't wait opening up again. We can all use a bit of laughter and happiness in our lives and I'm sure the rest of the wizarding world is even more desperate for a laugh." Hermione nodded understandingly. "But we'll have to talk about security. I am sure, that the shop might become a thorn in the death eater's side, especially when the new school year starts. We could be sitting ducks and I'd rather avoid being victim of a so called potions accident." The twins nodded solemnly. When the war was officially declared as ended the death eater raids had stopped. At least that was what everybody was made to believe. On their stead gas explosions, potion accidents or misplaced dark artefacts had mysteriously taken care of their enemies. "We'll have Bill look into the warding of the shop and the flat again. He did it for us back when we opened up and he did a good job with it then. But I am sure that he will be all too willing to include some other spells and security measures for us." George nodded in agreement. "Due to the political situation we won't be able to erect wards around the shop that would directly keep out death eaters, as they are the "good guys" now. But we will definitely have those around the flat. I don't fancy being murdered in my sleep." They all nodded and the evening was spent with more planning. But George enjoyed it, as it was something they were all doing together. Soon they were next to each other on the sofa, discussing and gesturing animatedly. And George could snag some little touches in between from his wife. It was glorious! Hermione worked towards the opening of the shop tirelessly. It was her chance of giving them something back for their efforts. They had not only invited her below their roof and fed her, they had also saved her from this barbaric marriage law. And she could tell that it was taking a toll from them. Fred wasn't giving much away and was his usual joking self in her presence. But she had still seen his slumped shoulders and tired eyes, when he thought that nobody was watching him. And then there was George. Hermione could have sworn that he had been an entirely different person during her school days. Yes, he was also pulling some jokes during their days, but Hermione could have sworn that the war had changed him. Or was it this forced marriage? She couldn't tell. But she knew that he was suffering. And she didn't know how to help him. The only way she could see to make him laugh again was the joke shop. It was the twin's big dream after all. If something could bring back the laugh into their faces and eyes, than it was this. So she did everything in her power to bring the shop back to life again. As she finally told them that it would be only two more weeks until they could open up the shop again, she could see the spark returning into George's eyes. And suddenly Hermione knew that she was doing the right thing.
A.N.: My writing is luckily still flowing and so I can really post another chapter this weekend. I hope you enjoy it. Chapter 8: Combined forces They opened up the shop on a Monday two weeks later. Fred was overjoyed and was grinning for the whole day. They had thrown a big opening party after announcing the reopening two days prior in the daily prophet. It was a huge success. They were one of the first shops coming back to life in diagon alley but the shop was bursting with people nonetheless and they still kept coming. I was like Fred had prophesied. People needed some enjoyment and laughter after the long months of terror and misery and they latched to the first thing providing that. And fortunately it was them. Hermione stayed at the back of the shop for the whole time. She never did well with crowds and since the war it had gotten worse. But Fred was fine with that. He and his twin were enjoying the attention and bathed in their success while she was supplying them with whatever joke items they needed. She was brilliant with restocking as she has taken to their written instructions like a fish to the water and so they were never running out of stuff. And the galleons kept flowing into their pockets. But the best of all was the sound of giggling children. It had been months since he had last heard the sound and he realized that he had missed it terribly. Now that Fred had finally experienced it again it was like his heart had found a missing piece. It was brilliant and exhilarating and he never wanted to be without it again. Joking and making people laugh was obviously what he was born to do. It was as simple as that. Hermione was proud that her plan had worked. They had managed to open up the shop within her estimated time frame, so that her twins were now back in business. She didn't know when she had started to think of them as her twins but it's what they were to her now. But hey, they were married after all, so it was basically true. It had been two hard weeks full of work. She had left the decorating and product design to them and had started restocking the back of the shop. Producing the different potions was easy enough. Fred's written instructions were very clear and easy to follow and she enjoyed working in the solitude of the lab for hours. But producing the charms and fireworks that were mostly George's invention was an entirely different thing. At first she had failed miserably and had almost set herself and the lab on fire, when she was trying to produce a whizzing shooting star. The twins were at her side instantly but they had to regrow her eyebrows anyway. From there on George was always present, when she tried herself with his creations. He was watching the progress she made over her shoulder and corrected her posture or wand movements gently with his hands, when he saw the need to do so. But he made it in a totally unobtrusive manner and Hermione was secretly enjoying his company. The two of them had definitely gotten closer to each other during the last weeks. George never treated her like a casual shag but usually spend the whole evening with her. They talked, they cuddled and sometimes there was also a massage involved, before he slept with her. But even then he always made sure she had a good time and she did her best to also make it enjoyable for him. Because if she was honest with herself she had to admit, that the nights she spent with the twins were her favourite nights throughout the week. It wasn't just because of the sex – which was undeniably nice – it was being the centre of their attention. Fred and George Weasley where both very intensive and charming men which she could have never won over under normal circumstances, but during those nights she could let herself dream, that it wasn't just the stupid law forcing them together. And Hermione simply allowed herself to enjoy these moments thoroughly. But also throughout the week George was seeking her presence now and then. And Hermione really didn't mind. Usually he was sitting with her on the sofa where she propped her legs up on his lap. But sometimes he also hugged her good morning or good night and two times he had also kissed her cheek while doing so. It was strange to her at first but she had quickly gotten used to it and secretly enjoyed the attention. It made her feel loved, even if it was just as a friend. Because there was really no denying it, they had become good friends to each other and Hermione loved them exactly the same way, that she had loved Harry and Ron. And this was making her very happy. At the end of their first week with the shop back in business George was tired on his feet. They had been working for ten hours per day for six days straight and during their opening times the big salesroom had always been crowded with people. Hermione was luckily supplying them with everything they needed and from fresh supplies of joke items to readymade lunch they never wanted for anything. But George missed the time he could spend with Hermione during the days, because now they were always too busy to even exchange a few words. And also in the evenings they were just too tired and Hermione usually excused herself after half an hour on the sofa. George could not blame her for it, as he excused himself only a few minutes afterwards and was usually fast asleep, as soon as his head hit the pillow. But not so today. Finally it was Saturday evening and even though Hermione had already excused herself again, George was looking forward to an evening with his twin that at least included two glasses of firewhiskey and some rounds of exploding snap. It was like the good old times after they had first moved in together and opened up the shop. These Saturday nights were their reward for all their hard work during the week and they had only brought them even closer together. "We should bring Lee and Verity back into the business," Fred slurred, after they had finally called it a day and dragged themselves into George's bed. "I think we can say quite certainly, that the shop is going well and we could use their help sooner rather than later." "Hm," George hummed agreeingly. "I am dead on my feet and I'm not sure, if I can survive another week like that. Have we gotten so much older or why is this suddenly so hard? Or is it just me felling that way?" "Nope," Fred said and cracked his back. "I feel totally the same. Besides…" he scratched his head sheepishly. "How are you coping with… everything?" He didn't have to spell it out, as they both knew he meant their marriage and all things implied. George groaned. "Don't ask. It's driving me nuts. I want to be close to her the whole time and I have to keep myself from touching her constantly." Fred nudged him into the ribs. "Then you got off lightly. I want to jump her all the time. My hormones are totally out of control and I've been wanking so much, that my hand is starting to hurt. It's kind of embarrassing, really. Can't even remember having been that bad while having a crush on bloody Madame Hooch during fifth year." George snorted. "I've been taking lots of cold showers lately. But the nights when she's with you are almost unmanageable. Wanking doesn't do much good here but it helps releasing the worst of pressure. Still I feel like I'm constantly on edge." "Yeah," Fred agreed and they lay in silence for a while. "Fred, I can't go on like this," George finally admitted. "I don't understand what is happening here. It's never been like that before. I just want to be with her the whole time, well actually with both of you…" Fred patted him on the shoulder affectionately while releasing a humourless laugh. "It's because you are falling for her, you idiot," he said and sighed. "Me too, in case you are wondering." George knew Fred was right. He hadn't seen it before because it had never happened to any of them. There has been the occasional crush and of course they had dated Angelina and Katie during their sixth year for some months, whom they had definitely fancied. But it had never been like this. "What a mess. This wasn't supposed to happen," he groaned and buried his face into his hands. "I don't want to feel like that for the rest of my life." Fred snorted. "No? Well, then we'll need to do something about it. Because there is quite an easy solution to our misery." George stared at him as he felt the first wave of giddy feelings from his twin through the bond. "You're going to woo her, aren't you?" "Nope," Fred said and grinned at him conspiratorily. "We are going to woo her and she won't know what hit her. This isn't just about the weekly shagging any longer, it's about conquering the witch of our dreams. And I think that calls for the combined charm of the Weasley twins." George stared at him but of course he knew Fred was serious. "You think she can fall in love with the both of us?" Fred shrugged. "Why not, it has happened before. Hermione is far from prejudiced, even though she is muggleborn. And she got herself already involved with us and she is coping quite well I think." George scratched his head. "Well, there's no harm in trying I guess. We've got nothing to lose." Fred snapped his fingers grinningly. "Exactly. And you know what the two of us can manage, when we put our mind on something and really take an effort." George smiled. "You are right. We can do this." And so they put their heads together and started planning. Hermione was having a lie in. It was Sunday after all and she didn't have anything to do today. And so she just ignored the noises that were coming from the kitchen which let her know that the twins were already up. She just turned around, buried her head deep into the pillow and slept on. It wasn't until her nose caught the delicious smell of coffee and pancakes, which seemed to be directly in front of her, that she finally woke up. She blinked her eyes open sleepily and paused. Because there were coffee and pancakes in front her. "Good morning sleeping beauty," she heard Fred's voice whispering into her ear. He must have climbed on her bed from behind, because suddenly he was on the bed next to her. "We thought we'd have breakfast in bed today," George announced in front of her and put the tray he had been holding in front of her face on her nightstand. Then he climbed into bed in front of her. "Move over a bit, love. If we squeeze together a bit we'll fit in your bed just nicely." He grinned. Hermione was a bit overwhelmed at first, as part of her was still sleepy. But actually it was a nice idea. And so she crawled back towards Fred a bit and lifted her covers for his brother. George climbed in next to her grinningly, before gently lifting the tray into his lap. Fred must have also hidden a tray somewhere, because suddenly there weren't only coffee and pancakes in front of her but there were also whipped cream and bowls with strawberries, pineapple and grapes on Fred's side of the bed. She could feel her mouth starting to water. "Wow, you've really outdone yourselves with this," she marvelled and took the mint green coffee mug that she had claimed for herself and took a sip. It was prepared exactly as she liked it, sweet with just a bit of milk. She hummed appreciatively. "Fred and I thought it was time to treat ourselves a bit. We've been working so hard in the last weeks and the opening of the shop was a big success," George explained and popped a grape into his mouth. Fred had meanwhile prepared himself a pancake with marple sirup and took the first large bite next to her. He groaned with pleasure. "Gods, this is delicious. There's nothing better for breakfast than pancakes." Hermione grinned. "Can't refute you on that." She took herself a strawberry and moaned, when she tasted how sweet it was. "I can't believe I've never done this before. Did you know? I've never before eaten breakfast in bed," she confessed and let herself sink back into the covers. "Never?" Fred asked her completely stunned. "Well, we'll definitely have to change that, don't we Georgie?" he winked at his twin. George grinned, while popping another grape into his mouth. "Defenitely. I vote we do this every Sunday from now on." Hermione looked at him flabbergasted. "Are you serious? You don't have to, you know?" But he just grinned and put an arm around her shoulder. "Nonsense." Fred nodded and mirrored his motion on her other side, so that she was now tightly sandwiched between them. "I say it's finally time for us to spoil you a bit. And we are not exactly suffering here, you know? So a weekly breakfast in bed it is. Strawberry?" he asked innocently and held a big, dark strawberry in front of her lips. She gently took it from his fingers with her teeth and sucked it into her mouth. It was delicious! "Well, who am I to reject such a brilliant idea?" Hermione said and sighed happily. The twins grinned at her in unison. "We knew that an intelligent witch like you could not refute such a brilliant plan, " they said and cast her a charming smile. And Hermione's heart did an involuntary leap. The plan with the breakfast had worked brilliantly and Fred was confident to move to the next stage of their seduction-campaign – that's what he called it in his head – even if the plan was less seduction and more making her fall in love with them. Whatever, the making-her-fall-in-love-campaign was really a mouth full, even if he would just use it in his head. Seduction plan was sounding so much better and so he went with it. He and George had agreed that it would be a good idea to take Hermione out of their flat. They had been bunked up there for far too long and finally needed to see some people but themselves. Fred didn't want her to feel isolated because he hated the feeling. And so they had sent a patronus to the burrow last night and asked their parents, if they could join them for dinner. Their mum had of course been delighted. She loved having people over, especially family. And as the burrow was well warded and Hermione was felling almost at home there, it was a good place for a first outing. They had announced their invitation to the burrow at breakfast to Hermione and she had been very pleased to spent the evening there. In fact she didn't talk about much else throughout the day and was ushering them towards the floo at exactly 7 p.m. "Fred, George, we need to hurry. Molly will surely already expect us," she urged them, but Fred only rolled his eyes good-naturedly. They stumbled into their mum's living room only a minute later where they were indeed already expected. "Fred, George!" their mum shouted and pulled them into a fierce hug before peppering their faces with kisses. After what felt like an age he finally let them go and turned towards their wife. "Hermione, dear! It's so nice to have you back here!" She hugged her affectionately. "Have the boys been treating you well?" Hermione nodded. "They've been great!" she admitted smilingly and Fred couldn't supress the proud grin spreading on his face. "That's good to hear. They are of course great boys, but we still couldn't help but be a bit worried." Hermione pulled back from their mother and sent them an affectionate smile. "There's nothing to worry about. I couldn't have done better." Fred's heart danced a little jig at these words. Maybe it wouldn't be all too difficult in the end, to make her love them back. A pat on the shoulder pulled him from his thoughts and as he turned around, Fred saw Bill grinning at him. "You look well brother," me murmured and pulled him into a bear-hug. "I would have never guessed, but married live seems to suit you." He grinned boyishly. "We are already making a jokester out of her. Who would have thought, that Hermione Granger would one day be running the joke shop with us." Bill grinned at him. "That's actually not what I meant at all and I think you know it brother." Fred shrugged helplessly. "If you say so." They quickly moved into the dining room where a big table has been laid out for dinner. Their mum had of course outdone herself and it looked like she had cooked all of their favourites. And since they had skipped lunch due to their long and extensive breakfast his stomach was already rumbling expectantly. "Ron," Hermione's voice suddenly exclaimed tonelessly from behind him. And as he looked up from the table Fred suddenly spotted his brother lurking in the back of the room in front of the window. He had buried his hands deep into the pockets of his trousers and watched them with a guarded expression. Fred had to admit, that his little brother indeed looked horrible. There were dark circles under his eyes, his hair was long and unkempt and his clothes looked even more saggy then usual on him. It was obvious that he had lost weight over the last weeks. "Hey Ronnekins," he forced himself to greet his little brother teasingly. "Did you finally manage to throw the ghoul out of your bedroom or are you still bunking with Bill and Fleur?" Ron looked hat him with a strange expression. "'m staying with Bill," he mumbled and then moved his eyes towards Hermione. "Hey Mione," he greeted her awkwardly. "'m sorry that you've got to meet me here. I wanted to stay behind at shell cottage, I swear, but Fleur and Bill simply wouldn't let me be," Ron explained desperately and looked towards his feet. Hermione stared at him with a mixture of confusion and hurt but didn't say anything and Fred couldn't help but tense. Gosh, why hadn't they considered the possibility of meeting there idiot of a brother here. The whole purpose of this visit had been to make their witch happy and not to remind her of the rejection she had experienced though the hands of their cowardly little sibling. "I know, that I'm possibly the last person you want to see at the moment," Ron continued hastily while looking back at her. And finally their eyes met. Hermione looked at him for a long moment, before her composure finally broke and she leaped towards him with a choked sob. "Ron, you idiot," she scolded and threw herself into his helpless arms. "Of course I want to see you!" she cried into his shoulder and Fred looked at George cluelessly. But his twin just shrugged and motioned with his head towards the other end of the room. They retreated silently and were soon joined by Bill and his wife. "Was about time these two made up," his oldest brother harrumphed. "He's been moping around the cottage like a male version of Moaning Myrtle." Fred snorted and looked towards his wife who seemed to give his little brother a firm lecture. Maybe coming to the burrow hadn't been such a bad idea at all. The day had been a huge success so far, George thought, when the stumbled back into their living room around ten. He had not only spent lots of time close to his favourite witch, Hermione was also positively glowing with happiness. And it made him want to burst with joy. Fred excused himself into his bedroom quickly and George couldn't help but feel sorry for him. Sunday was his and Hermione's night after all. But at the same time George was feeling giddy with anticipation. "Shall we retreat into my bedroom, love?" he asked her gently and took her hand into his. She smiled at him with sparkling eyes. George didn't wait for an answer after that and just pulled her into a passionate kiss. She obviously hadn't been expecting this, as she gasped in surprise before kissing him back. "I've missed you," he confessed to her while kissing her over and over again and burying his fingers deep into her thick curls. Her hair was wild as always but he loved running his fingers through it. Together with the delicious taste of her mouth it was almost making him drunk with happiness. "Did you now," she teased him, while pulling his shirt from his trousers before running her hands across the naked skin of his abdomen. He groaned and kissed her even more fiercely. She chuckled into his mouth and moved her hands confidently across his sides towards his back, where she gripped him tightly with her fingers. He arched his back shudderingly and pulled her even closer. But it wasn't enough. "My room," he groaned into her mouth with a voice, that was already thick with passion and George made a quick decision and just lifted her up without breaking their heated kiss. She inhaled with surprise but quickly caught on, and held into him tightly with her legs and arms. He had her on his bed thirty seconds later. Fred would have just ported them but he enjoyed carrying her though the flat while ravishing her with his mouth. I was hot and he had dreamed of doing it more than once during the last weeks. But it wasn't the only thing George had dreamed of that he would finally allow himself to do. "Did I ever tell you that I love your hair?" he murmured into her ear while kneading her scalp with his fingers. Then he nibbled at her earlobe playfully, before burying his tongue into the shell of her ear. Hermione gasped and started writhing beneath him. She obviously liked it. George didn't let go and simply kept on teasing her, while sliding his fingers expertly beneath her shirt. She groaned and pulled away from his lips, before he suddenly felt her mouth on his neck, were she started sucking violently at his pulse point. "George, please…" she moaned, as he moved his fingers slowly towards her bra. He cradled her head with his hand and searched for her eyes passionately. "Please what?" he asked and pulled her into another heated kiss. "What can I do for you, love?" Her fingernails started digging into the skin of his back but it just turned him on more. Hermione didn't answer him directly and moved her hands to his belt instead, where she started tugging determinedly. George smiled and slipped his hand beneath her bra, where he cupped her expertly with his hand. He was immediately rewarded with a delicious moan from her lips. The tugging on his belt increased. "Gods, George…" Hermione gasped, before latching onto his throat again. Tomorrow he would have some pretty impressive love bites, he was sure. "Please make love to me…" she begged and his heart almost missed a beat. Did she just… but maybe the choice of words was unintentional? He didn't mind. George would take everything she was willing to give him. "Getting impatient, are we?" he teased, before kissing his way down her throat. As he reached the collar of her shirt he stopped and angled his wand from his back pocket with a practised motion. A silent wand motion later she was completely naked beneath him. Her eyes almost bulged out when she realized what he had done. "That was impressive," she admitted and he grinned at her. "Good. Because I love to impress you," he said before continuing his kisses along her collar bone and further down. "But back to your little request." George kissed his way around her breast before he started sucking on the tip. "I will make love to you, Hermione. But first I want to taste you, all of you. And I will be taking my time with that. So be prepared for a long evening." She moaned his name at that and for him it was the sweetest sound on earth. George smiled to himself while he moved his kisses further down across her belly to her hip bones. Today he would make her his, he told himself. He would map her body with his mouth before doing exactly, what she had asked him to do. He would make love to Hermione and show her exactly how much he wanted her. And maybe, just maybe she would want him back.
A.N: Welcome back everybody! I am happy you are still with me and my story. We should be almost halfway through now. But there are still some adventures and difficulties ahead of our trio, so I might be wrong in the estimate of how long this story might get. Well, have fun with the next chapter! And leave me a comment if you like what you read. Because I love your comments and I am kind of sad, that there are still non on this story. Chapter 9: Lessons given and taken Hermione awoke in a cocoon of warmth. Her head was still foggy from sleep but she was in no rush to get up soon. It was just too comfortable in George's bed with his warm body spooning her from behind. And so she just snuggled closer into his naked chest and listened to his steady heartbeat. Yesterday had been intense. First their breakfast together in her bed and then the visit to the burrow. Seeing Ron had been strange at first. Their last personal contact had been their heated kiss in the chamber of secrets and then… nothing. She hadn't seen him once since the battle. Looking back at the last weeks she was almost sure, that Ron has been avoiding her. He had admitted to her yesterday that he felt bad for not saving her from the law, but retrospectively she was happy that he had refused. And Ron really didn't seem to be in a good shape at the moment, so he might be in need of saving as mch as she was. As the evening progressed, something of their old friendship sparked back to life and Hermione felt as if a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. After losing Harry it had almost been too much for her, to also loose Ron. But now she was determined to not let this happen. He was simply too important to her and they had already gone through so much together - Even if one only considered their year on the run and ignored all of their previous history together. Hermione would not lose him now, even if times were getting more and more difficult. She would simply not allow it. All in all it had been a great evening at the burrow full of laughter and lively talking. It had reminded Hermione that she still had a family she belonged to. And this made her unbelievably happy. But the icing on the cake had been the night that followed with George. To call it intense wouldn't even start to describe it. There were simply no words for it. Their last encounters had been undeniably nice and she had thoroughly enjoyed them every time. But yesterday had made her realize, how much George had held back in the past. Last night she had felt like a candle burning on both ends and she was sure, that in the end she had screamed his name so loudly, that Fred must have heard them in his room for sure. And in the light of the next day she couldn't help but feel slightly embarrassed because of it. And then there was George. She didn't know how to act in front of him any longer. Should she kiss him when he woke up? She definitely wanted to, but was it appropriate? What were they even to each other now? Friends? Friends with benefits? Or more than that? She didn't know and if Hermione hated something, than it was not knowing. "You're brooding," he heard him murmur into her hair and felt how he pulled here closer into his arms. "Stop it." "Can't help it," she admitted and started to shift away. "It's who I am, George." But he didn't let her go and pressed her firmly against his warm body. "Maybe, but that's not what this is. You are starting to overanalyse and that's totally unnecessary." Hermione sighed and relaxed into his arms. "You think so? I just feel so confused. And I… I just don't know any longer. What are we to each other, George?" He didn't answer immediately and nuzzled her ear with his nose instead. "We are whatever you want us to be," he finally whispered into her ear. "Take your time and think about it Hermione. I will be there no matter what you decide. But please, don't … pull away because you feel afraid or something, because there's nothing to be afraid of between the two of us." Her heart thudded wildly in her chest and she nodded. "I promise," she said and felt George relax behind her. She would do just that. There was definitely something happening between the three of them, not just between her and George. And Hermione was determined to figure out what it was. Fred prepared breakfast for them this morning. He didn't enjoy cooking very much but they had decided to split the chores equally between the three of them. It was the key to their parent's happy marriage and Fred was determined, to have just that for himself – a happy marriage. And so he did his best to impress the two of them. He settled for toast with a variety of toppings. It was easy and quick to make. And as it was a workday for them, there wasn't time for fancy breakfast anyway. Hermione and George strolled from the bedroom just in time for the coffee to be finished. "Right in time," he said and served Hermione her coffee exactly like she preferred it - another secret of their parents: pay attention to th preferrences of your spouse. His mum always her dad's favourite food once a week and prepared tea and coffee for him. Dad on the other hand bought his mum her favourite chocolate every now and then. Her mum never took it for granted and it wasn't, because they had always lived on a tight budget. Fred flung himself into the chair next to Hermione and poured himself a big mug of coffee. It had been a long night for him, too, as the bond didn't allow him to fall asleep until way past midnight. But it was fine to him, as it meant their seduction-campaign was coming along quite nicely, but he was still emotionally on edge. He definitely wasn't in the mood for talking this morning and so he settled for listening to Hermione's and George's conversation about possible improvements to the daydream charms. It was kind of interesting actually. "What about a daydream charm featuring a quidditch match? Could be nice for the boys, don't you think?" Hermione had just suggested, as suddenly a cat-patonus zoomed into their kitchen. It stopped next to Hermione, sat down and said in the unmistakable voice of Professor McGonagall: "Hermione, I would very much like to invite you for tea this afternoon. My home, McGonalgall manor, is connected to yours via floo. 4 p.m. would be preferable, if it would suit you. Please let me know your answer via patronus." And just like that the patronus dissolved in front of their eyes. Hermione looked at them questioningly. "Do you think I could go?" she asked and looked from one twin to the other. George shrugged and mumbled "Sure" before taking a big bite from his toast. Fred looked at her with a stunned expression: "Are you seriously asking us for permission?" he asked flabbergasted. Hermione shrugged. "Yeah, it's only polite to ask first. Not just because we are married. It's nice to discuss things and not just assume for the other person, because that is just rude. But we are also working until 5 today, so I'm not sure if you'll need me around at the shop." Fred nodded. "It's alright if you go. George and I will be fine at the shop. And from tomorrow on there will hopefully be help from Lee and Verity. They already confirmed that they'd like to work for us again. So things will be easier soon." Hermione smiled at them happily. "That's great. Thank you Fred, George. I'll send my answer to Minerva immediately. See you downstairs in 10 minutes." She leaped from her chair, waved at them and quickly rushed to her room. Fred followed her with his eyes until the door closed behind her. Then he took a sip from is cup and looked at his brother. "I wonder what McGonagall wants from her. I doubt she just invited her for polite conversation." George shrugged unconcernedly. "I'm sure Hermione 'll let us know." And Fred agreed. Hermione had already told them so much about her past, and some of the things had been quite unpleasant. He didn't expect her to keep this stuff secret from them, if they just asked her. And that's what he did after Hermione returned home around seven. She was positively glowing and moving with a lightness that Fred hadn't seen on her for a very long time. It must have been a good visit then. "What's got you in such a good mood?" he asked, after she stepped from the bathroom hummingly. She must have taken a shower, because her hair was still damp and smelled like Yasmine. He loved the scent of her shampoo. Her bare skin was only covered by a big fluffy bath towel, as she was obviously on the way to her room. Hermione looked at him surprisedly. "Oh, Minerva has convinced Professor Flitwick, to give me some private tutoring," she said excitedly and tried to move past him. But he caught her hand quickly and pulled her towards him. "And just where do you think you are going," he purred and pulled her close. "Why, my bedroom of course. I need to put on some clothes after all." He tsked before capturing her lips playfully with his. "Clothes are totally overrated," he said before nibbling at her bottom lip. "And it's Monday you know?" He traced his lip playfully with his tongue, before snatching the towel from her with a quick motion. She squeaked and jumped back in surprise. "Fred! What do you think you're doing?" she asked with a high-pitched voice and tried to cover herself with her hands. He just smirked at her boyishly. "I'm just giving you an incentive to move to my bed quickly. We wouldn't want you to catch a cold after all." "You are incorrigible." Hermione snorted and turned around, to march into the suggested direction. And Fred couldn't help but admire the view for a moment, before he followed her with a rakish grin. Hermione enjoyed the training sessions with professor Flitwick immensely. Next to professor McGonagall he was her favourite professor at Hogwarts after all. He had a lot of patience for his students and was brilliant at explaining the different spells to her. She enjoyed being his scholar again, even if it wasn't just for educational purposes. The order had lost lots of good fighters during the war but they would need accomplished duellists to finish the dark lord and his lackeys for good. And so it was only natural that the professors were looking for volunteers to fill the ranks. Hermione luckily was already a member of the order of the phoenix and she readily agreed. But even if she was an intelligent witch, she wasn't really an accomplished fighter. It wasn't only due to her lack of suitable DADA professors, Harry had still managed just fine after all, but also due to the fact, that fighting didn't come natural to her. She just wasn't a soldier. But desperate times called for desperate measures and Hermione was willing to dedicate herself to the cause. The professors had assured her that she would do brilliantly with appropriate tutoring. And so they had settled for three training sessions per week. Hermione had suggested to use the room of requirements for that purpose, but it was too difficult to get into Hogwarts these days. There was still the tunnel from the Hog's head, but being seen in Hogsmead regularly wouldn't do her any good. And so Professor Flitwick had invited her to his home instead. He lived in a small cottage at the outskirts of Devon, which was cosily decorated but had a huge underground cellar that must have been at least ten times the size of the building. Hermione mused that it was due to her professor's goblin ancestry to build such a huge part of his home undergrounds. But she couldn't refute the usefulness of it. To Hermione's astonishment the whole underground part of the home was secret-kept with just Filius as secret keeper. It was only accessible through a door in the floor of the kitchen that suddenly appeared, as he let her in in the secret. It was brilliant! He explained to her that he would use it as a hideout, if things were going south politically. And she understood. As her former professor was a half-breed in some person's eyes himself, life could get easily as bad for him as for the muggleborns. Fitting of a duelling champion the cellar contained a huge practise room which was perfect for their purposes. And so they had started practising. She had of course heard the rumours that the small professor was a duelling champion, but she had never seen him in action before. It was inspiring. His movements were calculated and precise and his wand movements sharp, as he was throwing curses and charms towards her wordlessly. And even though she was able to hold her own for some time, she finally cracked under the weight of his spells. Filius had praised Hermione anyway and called her over, to analyse their fight with her. His observations concerning her weaknesses were to the point and with his help she improved with every fight. And Hermione was eager to learn anything, that he was willing to teach her. She had never seen herself as the person finally confronting Voldemort - and maybe she wouldn't have to – but somebody would have to do the deed. And if it came to it, she wanted to be prepared. It was night when Fred was woken from his sleep by a loud banging on their front door. It was just after 3 a.m. as he stumbled from his bed bleary eyed and just clad in a pair of green boxers. He quickly grabbed his wand from the nightstand and rushed towards the front door. As he finally opened it, George was right next to him. They were greeted by four grim looking aurors in black uniforms. "Fred and George Weasley?" the leader of the group greeted them with an inquiring tone. He had tanned skin and trimmed black hair and his pale grey eyes scanned them with a calculating look. "Yeah," George said next to him seriously. "We are here for your wife," the man explained, just as Hermione stumbled noisily from her room behind them. "Fred? George? What's wrong?" she asked confusedly and looked at the aurors in front of them. Then she moved towards them on bare feet but with her wand ready in her hand. And Fred started having a bad feeling about this, a very bad feeling. "Hermione Weasley?" another of the aurors asked and stepped towards them. Fred automatically tensed. "Yes sir," Hermione said and stepped in front of him and George. "How can I help you gentlemen?" Her voice didn't seem agitated and sounded totally smooth, but the hand gripping her wand decidedly betrayed her cool manner. "I am auror McKirley. We are here to bring you to the ministry for questioning," the first auror explained evenly and made a step towards his wife. She immediately tensed. "Is this about the marriage law?" she asked and he could have sworn, that her voice was about to falter. But it stayed strong. "No, not the law. We are here on a different matter," the second auror explained impatiently and waved her off. "Will you come quietly, witch? Or will we need to drag you to the ministry?" Fred was about to do something very rash but Hermione's hand was on his arm instantly. She must have felt what he was about to do and urged him to stay calm. "Can you at least tell me, what this is all about?" she pleaded, but the men shook their heads in unison. " 'm afraid not," McKirley said unapologetically and raised his chin. "Well, what is it Mrs Weasley? Will you accompany us without a fight?" Hermione straightened her posture, but slid her wand demonstratively back into the sleeve of her pyjama. "I will come with you, of course, as I have nothing to hide. I assume there's no time for getting dressed?" The second auror waved his wand boredly and a moment later they were clad in simple red robes and black shoes. Well at least these aurors had figured out that he and George wouldn't let Hermione leave on her own with them. "Thank you, aurors," Hermione replied and stepped towards the visitors casually. But he and his twin were right behind her. "Well then, lead the way gentleman," she said and just a moment later each of them was grabbed by the arm. Hermione had an auror to each side, and before Fred could react in any way, the group of three disappeared right in front of his eyes. Just a moment later he was pulled into a side-along apparition himself. When Hermione arrived with the two aurors accompanying her, Fred and George were nowhere to be seen. She was in a small room with a big wooden table in the middle, with an uncomfortable looking wooden chair right in front of her. She was led to the chair wordlessly and followed without a struggle. Hermione had quickly decided that all would be lost, if their resistance would be found out this early in the game. Therefore it was absolutely important for her to appear totally innocent and as unthreatening as possible. And there were only two possibilities anyway. The first was that they have been found out. In this case she would be hunted mercilessly. She wanted to avoid dragging Fred and George down with her at any costs and so it was important, to reassure them and prevent them from attacking. The second possibility was that this interrogation was about an entirely different matter in which case she was hopefully innocent. Either way flight or fight was not an option. They waited in the room in silence and as non of the aurors was obviously going to inform her, what all of this was about. And Hermione didn't bother to ask. Instead she started doing some of the mental exercises that Filius had introduced to her a week ago. As expected her mind calmed down instantly as her focus shifted inwards to her magical core and the pulsing of magical energy inside of her. It was strange exploring herself and feeling ones boundaries like that, but her teacher had explained to her, that this was important, if one wanted to stretch ones magical powers. It was like stretching a muscle, he explained to her. One needed to use it constantly to train it and not just for performing ones daily tasks and routines. And that was what Hermione was trying to do. They waited in complete silence for almost half an hour. Hermione was not sure if they let her wait on purpose - to make her nervous - or if they were simply busy at the ministry. She didn't care either way and her mental exercise helped her to stay calm but awake, because it wouldn't do her any good to get tired now. Finally the door to her right opened and two figures stepped through. The first was the short and stout figure of no other than Dolores Umbridge, who was clad in a sky blue costume and a matching bow today. Next to her walked a man completely unknown to Hermione. He was middle aged, tall and thin with thick, long, brown hair and a well kempt moustache. He was also clad into auror robes, but they weren't black but dark red in colour and Hermione assumed, that it showed his different rank within the auror corps. The two of them sat down on the other side of the table right across from Hermione and Umbridge smiled at her sweetly. She noted absently that they had been provided with much more comfortable looking, cushioned chairs but she guessed that they didn't want their "guests" to feel to comfortable. "Mrs Weasley," the man greeted her coldly and looked her straight into the eyes. "There has been a disturbance at the ministry tonight and I am authorized, to question you with the use of Veritasserum concerning your involvement into the whole affair." Hermione looked at him with wide eyes. The good news was that she was definitely not involved into any disturbance at the ministry tonight. But what if they asked her any other compromising questions under the influence of the potion? She would inevitably endanger the professors and her husbands in that case because she wouldn't be able to lie or even refuse the answer. Merlin, this was bad, really bad. "Is there any use to refuse taking the potion?" she asked neutrally in the direction of the auror in red and received an unsettling smile from both of her opponents. "No. The use of the potion has been instructed by the new minister himself. We are authorized to admister it forcefully if need be." Her heart started beating violently. If Voldemort himself was involved in the investigation, than he was keen on getting these informations from her, whatever they may be. "Very well," she agreed and looked at her counterpart unflinchingly. "Then let's get this over with." She tried to stay calm but inwardly she started praying to whoever might listen to her pleas. The man in front of her nodded and suddenly one of the other aurors in black appeared next to her. "Put your head back and open your mouth," he instructed calmly and Hermione could see a phial with a clear substance in his hand. She took a deep breath and did as she was told. Here we go then, she thought nervously before the first drop of the substance hit her tongue. And then her mind just stilled.
A.N.: Welcome back everybody. I am happy that you are still here and seem to like this fanfic so far. I hope my English wasn't too bad so far. I am really trying my best. Well enjoy the next chapter. This time there is a bit of twin action, and I don't mean that in a sexual way at all. No. I always thought that the twins could have done so much for the war with that brilliant mind of theirs. Let's see what they are getting up to, shall we? Chapter 10: An impossible plan Fred was pacing the waiting room agitatedly, while his twin was sitting on one of the chairs with his face in hands. They had taken Hermione from them and there was nothing they could do. They hadn't even realized that Hermione had been taken from them until it was too late. Stupid! Fred didn't even know where she was and there was no way to find out. After arriving at the ministry's empty entrance hall, they were shown into a small waiting room on the second floor. The aurors, that had accompanied them, had just briefly explained that Hermione was directly brought into one of the interrogation rooms and that they were not allowed to accompany her there. Fred and George were to wait in this room instead and were not to leave it under any circumstances. To ensure just that the two guys just positioned themselves in front of the closed door. And so Hermione was on her own, while Fred had no way of protecting her. He hated it. "Why did they take her?" George murmured while shaking his head helplessly. "She hasn't done anything!" "Not that we know of," Fred sighed and threw himself on the chair next to his twin. "But I imagine that they must have found something, or made up something. We always knew that she would be a thorn in their sides." He took his twin's forearm and squeezed it tightly. But there was no use in dwelling now. They simply didn't know why Hermione was interrogated. Nobody had bothered to tell them anything. And as long as there was no way of finding out themselves… he stilled. Well, there was a way to find out. Fred slid his wand from his sleeve and fished out a tiny item that was hidden inside of the waistband of his boxers with his other hand. A wand wave later he had enlarged it to a perfectly functioning set of extendable ears. He motioned his head towards the door and whispered: "Do you wanna try to find out what all of this is about?" "Do I want to know why you hide extendable ears in your underwear?" George asked inquiringly, but shook his head just a moment later. "Probably not. Well let's give it a try." He nodded grimly. And they set themselves to work. The door to the waiting room burst open half an hour later as another set of aurors accompanied Fred's parents inside, before closing the door firmly behind them again. They looked as rumpled as he felt. His mother was looking teary eyed and agitated, whereas his father wore a grim but collected expression. "Fred! George!" their mum shouted as soon as she had taken notice of them. "Did they drag you here, too?" Fred gave her a puzzled look. "What are you saying? Whom else did they take?" he asked and looked towards his father. "They've brought in Ron," his father said darkly and sat himself down on a chair next to George. "Poor boy just moved back in with us a week ago." George nodded understandingly. "They've got Hermione, too. Brought her here almost an hour ago." Their mother sniffed. "Poor dear. Do you have any idea what this is all about? They didn't explain anything to us, just dragged us here in the middle of the night." Fred nodded. "Same here. They didn't say anything to us. But we might have heard a thing or two…" His father raised an eyebrow inquiringly but didn't say anything. His mother on the other hand was on the chair next to him a second later. "Well then, out with it boys," she said and looked at them impatiently. Fred sighed and started explaining: "Apparently there was a break-out from a ministry holding cell tonight. Looks like they brought Neville in after his little stunt towards You-know-you at the battle. I always wondered what happened to him." "Tonight he seemed to have mysteriously disappeared from his cell." George continued in his stead. "As far as we've heard there are no signs of a break in or break out in the cell and nobody seems to have seen anything. It's all very mysterious." "Do you think they just killed him?" his mother asked sounding horrified but Fred shook his head. "No, I think in this case they would have let him disappear silently and not make such an uproar." George nodded and his father hummed agreeingly. "Yeah, that makes sense. They seem to think he really managed to get away. That's the reason they are questioning Ron and Hermione. They were friends at Hogwarts and everybody knows it. I guess the ministry thinks they broke him out." His mother huffed annoyedly. "That's preposterous. Breaking into the ministry? Ron and Hermione would do no such thing!" she exclaimed confidently and Fred couldn't supress a snort. Maybe not today, he thought. But those two have it definitely in them. George stayed silent. But Fred knew he thought the same. Hermione was brought back to them thirty minutes later. She seemed grumpy and tired, but otherwise unharmed and Fred was feeling relieved to no end. It had been horrible to not be able to protect his witch and he and George had silently agreed to speed their secret project along as soon as possible, because they wanted to be prepared when things escalated the next time. And they were pretty sure that it was only a matter of time, before things went south. They left the ministry as soon as Ron was back from his interrogation. His little brother looked worn and tired, but compared to the last time they had seen him at the burrow, he actually looked a bit better. It seemed that his little talk with Hermione had helped Ron back onto his feet. Good. Hermione rushed towards her best friend, as soon as the door had closed behind him and pulled him into a tight hug. Fred couldn't help the spark of jealousy that flared up in his heart, when his brother and Hermione started whispering in hushed tones to each other. But Fred crushed it down mercilessly. It was only natural that his wife was glad to know her best friend was safe from the clutches of the ministry. They learned, that Hermione and Ron had been questioned under Veritasserum which was quite unsettling to know. It wasn't long ago that the substance was restricted to the interrogation of subjects, that were already proven guilty or for cases, where no other way of gaining information was possible. That the ministry was handing it out like candy now was quite worrying. They were all to agitated to go back to sleep and as it was 5 a.m. already, when Hermione, George and he returned home, they settled for an early breakfast with lots of coffee. "I wonder how Neville got out," George mused while pouring some sirup into his oatmeal. "Breaking out might not be impossible but without leaving a trace? That's quite a feat. Didn't know he had it in him." "Me neither," Fred admitted and sliced a banana, before putting it into his own bowl. "He must have had help, I guess. What do you think Mione?" "Dunno," his wife murmured tiredly and stirred her coffee absently. It seemed to him, like she was miles away in her head. Her eyes just stared straight ahead into the air and he could already hear the wheels in her head spinning. Something was worrying her and by the state of her bottom lip that was badly tortured by her teeth it was worrying her badly. He cast a questioning side glance at his brother, who nodded at him encouragingly. "Mione? Are you still with us?" he asked and suddenly Hermione's focus shifted back towards them. "What's wrong love?" his brother added and focussed her with a worried glance. Hermione sighed and looked at them seriously. "We need a way to keep our secrets," she said urgently and fixed them with an unflinching stare. "Today we were lucky, because they just wanted to know things I didn't know and couldn't tell them anything about. But what will we do the next time, or the time after that? Because I am quite sure now that they will come for me again." She was desperate, this much Fred could tell. "I have way too many secrets that they must never know of. It's not only about the knowledge I have gathered but also about whom of you I could endanger by admitting that you are working with me. I've got no way to keep those things from them, if they ask me under Veritasserum. God, this is a nightmare!" Hermione started pulling her hair, her breakfast totally forgotten. Unfortunately Fred was absolutely clueless how to help her. "There must be a way, to resist Veritasserum," George stated confidently and sipped slowly at his coffee. His brother wasn't one to back out from a challenge and Fred knew that he would work tirelessly until he found a solution for her. But Hermione sighed tiredly. "Well, not many. It isn't that popular for interrogations for nothing. I've done some research on it back in my fifth year, but besides Occlumency there isn't much one can do." Fred nodded. "Well, then you'll obviously need to learn Occlumency and teach us afterwards," he said confidently but at that Hermione was looking even more grim. "I'd love to! It's really a useful skill. But it's not widely taught and as far as I know not even a handful of people know how to do it. From the order there were only Snape and Dumbledore accomplished enough and both of them are dead." He frowned. "Couldn't you just learn it from a book?" "Well, I've read a book on Occlumency back in fifth year, when Harry tried to learn it and I think I've grasped the concept of it. But there're not many books on the topic to begin with. Even if I found one and taught myself I'm pretty sure I'd need some personal instructions sooner or later. There is a good reason only a few people are able to do it. It's quite advanced, you know?" George nodded but Fred could tell he was far from giving up. "Well, in this case we'll have to find you an instructor I guess." And Fred suddenly got the idea. It was brilliant, a bit insane but still brilliant nontheless. He grinned. "Yeah, don't worry. We just know the person." She looked at them disbelievingly. "Whom?" They grinned in unison. "Well, Dumbledore of course." They met for tea with professor McGonagall in the afternoon. Hermione had made a floo call to McGonagall manor just after they finished their breakfast and had asked for a meeting. And Minerva, who must have sensed Hermione's desperation, had readily invited them over. Fred had never been to the place before and he couldn't help but feel a bit out of his comfort zone. He had always pictured their transfiguration professor living in a cosy cottage somewhere in the middle of the highlands, but her ancestors must have been rich landlords, as Minerva's home was a small castle itself. "Thank you for having us," Hermione greeted the older witch in a humble tone, after being led to a cosy little sitting room. The walls here were covered with hunting trophies of boars and deer as well as different swords and shields and Fred couldn't help but stare at the unusual display. It was quite an uncommon sight for a wizarding household. "Of course," the professor replied while sitting them down on a group of comforting looking wing chairs in front of the fire. "I've got the impression it is quite urgent." Hermione nodded solemnly and started repeating their nightly experiences and the implications to the older witch. "Well, this is really quite unsettling," Minerva finally said, after her face had looked more and more worried throughout Hermione's explanations. "You are of course correct my dear. It is of utmost importance to keep our endeavours a secret. I didn't expect that they'd start using Veritasserum this readily. It's never been used to this extend before." She hummed consideringly and took a sip from her elegant tea cup that was brought to her by a house elf during Hermione's explanations. "The less involved of us could always extract the compromising memories and put them into a pensive. Headmaster Dumbledore luckily left me the pensive that was in his possession, because these artefacts are unfortunately quite rare and very expensive. But quite frankly this will not be an option for you Hermione, as it affects too many memories in your case. Because as long as they are extracted you would lose access to them and frankly you wouldn't remember much of the plan after that. But we'll need you at your full capacity Hermione." His wife nodded. "Occlumency would be the safest and most useful option," she said. "But there aren't many books on the topic to begin with and without an instructor I might not be able to learn much." Minerva nodded gravely. "Headmaster Dumbledore and professor Snape were of course able to do it and as it turned out, professor Snape wasn't even to be trusted at all. As the headmaster is unfortunately not available…" "Well, actually he is," Fred couldn't help but interrupt her. "Maybe not in person, no, but there's always the portrait, you know?" His former teacher looked at him disbelievingly. "Well Mister Weasley, this may be as it is, but you forget, that the school is no longer in our hands and the office of the headmaster is currently inhabited by no other than Lucius Malfoy." Fred nodded totally unconcerned and raised his eyebrows at the older woman. "So? It's not like we haven't broken into the headmaster's office before," he stated coolly and grinned at her. "Actually we've done it regularly since fifth year, didn't you know?" She looked at them unbelievingly but George confirmed it with a serious nod. "It's actually quite easy professor. The question is, if it would be worth the effort. Do you think the headmaster might be able to help us with this?" Minerva didn't say anything for a while and stroked her chin thoughtfully. "Well Messes Weasley, he actually just might." Hermione used the following two days to read anything on Occlumency she could get her hands on. The twins seemed to be busy themselves as they usually sat together at the fire in the evenings and talked to each other in hushed tones, or they retreated into Fred's room altogether. They weren't just planning their break-in into Hogwarts, as they had ensured Hermione that they already had a plan concerning that. It was something else they were working on. But Hermione was too busy to ask them at the moment, as she was desperately trying to cram as much information on occlumency into her brain, as she could manage in such a short timeframe. The basics were pretty clear and she had no problems with visualisation or the concept of organizing ones thoughts in a certain way. She was a very organized person herself and it only seemed logical, to also sort memories and knowledge in a similar way. But she was not sure which was the best approach for her to do it and if it would help her through an interrogation with Veritasserum. Well, hopefully the visit to Hogwarts would provide some answers to that. On the third day after visiting Minerva it was finally time to make their silent trip into Hogwarts. They had all agreed that they should attempt their break-in soon, as it was still the summer holidays and the castle was therefore mostly empty. Of course Filch and Hagrid stayed on the school grounds all year long, but if they were lucky none of the other teachers would be around. That was at least what they hoped for. "Well? Do you want to enlighten me about your plan?" Hermione asked her husbands with raised eybrows, as they were about to leave for the castle. Fred grinned. "Sure. We think we should use the tunnel from the Hog's Head as it leads us directly into the castle. Honeyduke's would of course also be an option, if you prefer that route." Hermione shrugged. "I'll go with whatever you think is best." George nodded. "Then we'll go and visit Aberforth. Come on." They apparated to the outskirts of Hogsmead, where the village was surrounded by a small forest. Here it would be difficult to spot their arrival, they thought, and as they appeared between the trees they found, that this part of the plan had worked perfectly. "Nobody around," Hermione murmured after she had checked the area silently. Then she pulled the hood of her blue cloak deeper into her face. "Now what?" "Let's disillusion ourselves. Better safe than sorry I say," George proposed and Fred nodded. "Well," Hermione said slowly and couldn't help but feel slightly embarrassed. "You may have me at an advantage here. As we always used Harry's cloak, I never bothered to learn the spell myself." She was mortified by the fact, but it was true. There had always seemed to be more important things to learn for her so that she had simply ignored learning this useful spell. But she swore to herself that she would correct that mistake as soon as possible. "No problem," Fred replied to her completely unflustered. "You happen to have two brilliant husbands at your disposal." He winked at her and a muttered spell later he had perfectly disillusioned her. Then he did the same to his own person as George cast the spell on himself. "Thank you Fred," she said and couldn't help but be impressed by his skills. Disillusionment was not a spell taught at school, as it was fairly advanced. But the twins had just both cast it with ease. It proved once more what she had known for a very long time. Those two were brilliant, if they wanted to be and actually made an effort. "Anytime Mione," she heard Fred's voice next to her, and felt him take her hand into his. "Now let's start moving. We have a busy night ahead of us." The way to the headmaster's office was almost disappointingly uneventful. Hermione had at least prepared herself for a little disturbance, but apart from Aberforth, who seemed to have a sweet spot for the twins, they didn't meet a soul. Hermione couldn't believe her luck. She was also quite astonished to find the room of requirements totally unscratched by the damage done during the battle. Because it has only been about 6 weeks ago that it was completely swallowed by fiendfire and Hermione had only barely escaped the deadly flames herself. They were in front of the motionless statue of the gargoyle only 15 minutes after setting a foot into Hogsmead and Hermione couldn't help but start getting nervous. How were they supposed to get into the office without the password? "Hi Morty," Fred said casually and a moment later he must have lifted the disillusionment on himself, as he appeared next to her. To Hermione's great astonishment the statue started moving and turned her head towards him. "Well, well. Long time no see, gentlemen," the gargoyle said sulkily and sniffed the air. "You can come out, too. As you haven't visited me in ages I at least expect to see you, when you bring me the newest gossip." George snorted and a moment later he and Hermione were visible in front of the talking statue. Hermione was flabbergasted. She hadn't even known that the gargoyle moved and talked at all. She couldn't remember reading anything about it in "A history of Hogwarts" and as they had seen the headmaster, the statue had always stood there silent and unmoving. "Hi Morty," George greeted him with a respectful nod. "May I introduce you to our wife? That's Hermione," he motioned towards her and said proudly. "She's clever, brilliant actually, and we managed to convince her to work with us at the shop." Morty snorted. "You've corrupted her, haven't you?" The twins shrugged grinningly. "Nah, just given her the right ideas." The statue waved impatiently. "Whatever. Well? What have you brought me this time?" "I still can't believe you bribed the gargoyle," Hermione said when they moved up the winding staircase ten minutes later. Fred huffed. "We didn't bribe him, it was more an exchange of favours. The poor sod is bored out of his mind. He loves gossip like all inhabitants of Hogwarts. And even more he loves seeing some of our products in action." George nodded. "One could say we are kind of friends. He is lonely, you know? No one ever really talks to him, except us." Hermione shook her head. Those two always managed to surprise her. And once more she was glad to have them on her side. The wizarding kind could really use more of their out-of-the-box-thinking. They were at the door to the office a minute later. "Now to the difficult part," George whispered. "Fred and I will disillusion ourselves and go in first. We'll cover and silence all portraits, except Dumbledore's, because we don't want anyone ratting us out to Malfoy. Wait for two minutes outside, before you join us in the office." Hermione nodded appreciatively and a moment later the twins disappeared before her eyes. Those two really knew what they were doing. She waited in silence and after exactly 150 seconds she silently opened the door in front of her. The office was almost completely dark. Only a lonely candle on the desk was shining some light into the room and gave it an almost ghostly atmosphere. Fred and George were nowhere to be seen but Hermione was sure, they were waiting for her somewhere inside. She silently stepped into the room and carefully closed the door behind her again. The office looked very different from the headmaster's office she had known before. It was now decorated by countless bookshelves which were neatly filled with expensive and ancient looking tomes, scrolls and also some expensive looking potion ingredients. In one of the corners there was even a small potion lab. Hermione never expected Lucius Malfoy to be much of a reader or brewer, but maybe these things were still from Snape's time as headmaster of the school. Hermione shuddered and cast a hasty glance towards the portraits on the walls but as the twins had promised, only the frame of headmaster Dumbledore was visible. Good. He was the only one of them that she trusted. "Good evening professor," she finally greeted him politely and stepped in front of the frame. There professor Dumbledore already waited for her with an unreadable expression. "Miss Granger," he answered calmly and studied her with his twinkling blue eyes. "I can't say I've been expecting you. These are quite dark times, as I've heard." Hermione nodded darkly. "It is Mrs Weasley now actually," she corrected him calmly. "I'm not sure how much you know about the situation, but there has been a marriage law concerning all muggleborns." The headmaster nodded gravely. "I have heard of the law. Considering your name change I assume young mister Weasley has finally offered for you? My congratulations. Is he the one accompanying you?" Hermione shook her head smilingly. "No, he didn't offer. But his brother's Fred and George have." Dumbledore's portrait blinked confusedly for a moment, before the tell-tale smile was back into place. "Excellent. That explains the grand entrance into the office then. You've always felt at home here, haven't you gentlemen?" Fred and George grinningly appeared next to her. "Your lemon drops were simply the best," Fred smirked. "And there were always so many things to explore in here. It was simply irresistible to us. Pity they seem to have disappeared." The old portrait chuckled. "Well, Lucius was never one for clutter," he said. "But what brings you here today? I assume this is not a social call." Hermione shook her head sadly. "It is not. We need your help, professor. How much do you know of the present situation?" Dumbledore sighed. "Not enough I fear. Maybe you should start at the beginning," he suggested. Hermione nodded and then she began to explain.
A.N.: Here we go again. I hope you are still with me and the story. This chapter has been fun to write as it has one of my favourite HP chars besides Hermione and the twins in it. Can you guess who it is? Chapter 11: An unexpected ally Hermione told Dumbledore a shortened version of the events. She summed up their horcrux hunt and listed to him all the horcruxes found and destroyed. She didn't bother with too many details, as she didn't know how much time they had, before being interrupted. But Dumbledore didn't complain. As she finally retold the events at the ministry from a few days ago she could see the portrait of the headmaster nod understandingly. "I see," he said, while his slim fingers strokes his long beard thoughtfully. "Well, first of all I am happy, that you are still willing to fight and end this dark episode, even though there have been terrible setbacks on the way. I must say I admire your dedication and braveness my dear." He twinkled at her smilingly. "And I assure you that I will support you in any way possible." Hermione nodded at him thankfully and observed from the corner of her eyes, that Fred had left her side and rummaged through the office expertly. But she didn't pay him any mind, as she was sure that he knew what he was doing. She would ask him later about it. George remained at her side and guarded her full of concentration. "You can teach her occlumency then?" he asked the portrait expectantly. The headmaster smiled grandfatherly. "Well, I could. But I think we should rather ask our expert on occlumency. I am sure Severus has to offer some pretty helpful advice on the matter, as he taught himself, I believe." Hermione immediately stiffened. "Absolutely not," she said. "He is a traitor after all. And I will not see me or my family and friend endangered by him ever again," she stated resolutely and tightly clasped her arms in front of her breast. But Dumbledore seemed totally unfazed and studied her with a polite smile. "Don't you think I would know if my spy had betrayed us?" he asked her gently with twinkling eyes. Hermione paused. "Well… he killed you!" she exclaimed heatedly and looked towards George helplessly. But he simply shrugged without uttering a word. Dumbledore chuckled good-naturedly. "Well, I would hope so. I asked him to do it after all." She shook her head confusedly. "That makes no sense. Why would you do that? You were the only one who could match the dark lord in power. Why would you take yourself out of the game?" Dumbledore sighed. "It is not that easy I fear. And I would love to explain it to you, but for the moment you'll simply have to believe me. Professor Snape never betrayed us. He worked against Voldemort until he took his last breath." Her head was spinning at the implications of this. She wanted to ask so many questions because she wanted to understand. But he was right. There just was not enough time right now. "Alright," she finally agreed and looked towards her husbands. "Fred, George? What do you say?" "We trust your judgement, Hermione," they replied in unison and Hermione nodded. And just a second later the black curtain was lifted from the portrait next to the headmaster. Professor Snape scowled at them with his ever present dark expression but Hermione found, that she could not be intimidated by it any longer. "Professor," she greeted and nodded towards him politely. "Miss Granger," he sneered and looked towards Dumbledore's portrait tiredly. "I hope you have good reason to let these morons waltz across our office like a horde of nundus," the dark professor muttered and looked at them with a dark scowl. "What do you want?" "Now, now, Severus," Dumbledore soothed him. "There is no need for any of that. Mrs Weasley and her husbands are in need of some of your valuable advice concerning Occlumency," he explained. Professor Snape snorted amusedly. "She married the terrible two? Well, I can't say I've seen that one coming. And I'm rarely surprised." He shook his head and looked at her with an unreadable expression. "Well Mrs Weasley," he said. "I am curious to learn about your reason for dipping into the art of Occlumency, but I am sure the old man will enlighten me later. There is a stack of most useful books at my old home "Spinners end", which you might find helpful. I might grant you access to its location and even be willing to tutor your progress. But there is something I want in return." Hermione nodded. Her former potions professor was obviously in possession of lots of valuable knowledge and books, which might be essential to their cause. But he was never known to be a man of charity. And she hadn't expected that to change after his death. "What do you want?" George asked next to her with an almost bored expression. Immediately the eyes of the dark man were on him and he smiled dangerously. "Get me a portrait frame outside of the castle, preferably one where I won't be frequently disturbed. But it should be easily assessable to you." "A portrait frame?" Fred asked and peaked his head up from under the desk. "What do you want that for?" Severus Snape sighed in irritation. "Isn't it obvious? It's a nightmare being stuck next to these gossiping old fools all the time. It gives me a headache. So, what do you say? Do we have a deal?" They had a deal. Hermione agreed to Snape's terms almost immediately as they were not only reasonable, but also provided her with access to a willing occlumency instructor. Even if this person was her snarky potions professor who never had a kind word for her. But well, she couldn't be picky. "Okay, I'll get you a frame. I'm still not sure where to set it up, but I will find you a good place," she promised. "Very well," Snape agreed with an almost neutral expression and just a moment later Fred exclaimed "Finished!" with a triumphant shout from under the headmaster's desk. The former potions professor raised an eyebrow at that. "Just what do you think you are doing Mister Weasley?" he asked in a snide tone. But Fred just raised his shoulders totally unapologetically and grinned. "I guess you'll never find out," he said and grinned. "Because we are about to leave." Professor Snape scowled at that. "Let's hope you are as clever as you think you are. Because if Lucius ever find's out, he will skin you alive. And I mean that literally." But Fred didn't seem worried in the least and Hermione trusted him with her life. And so the three of them left the headmaster's office shortly after, as there was nothing left to discuss and they didn't fancy hiding out from a certain up-nosed blonde headmaster. Hermione commissioned a frame for Snape only three days later. Even if it burned up the last of her savings from Gringotts and she felt bad for being totally dependent on the twins from now on, it was worth every single galleon. And she was determined to earn her living with her husbands at the shop anyway, even if they had assured her that it wasn't necessary. Hermione wasn't one to live of charity and she was determined to prove her worth to them. Maybe it was stupid of her, but she never wanted them to regret having chosen her as a wife. "Did you decide where you want to put it?" George asked her at dinner and Hermione shrugged. "Not really, no. I don't think the flat is an option. I don't want to have him scowling at us in the living room and the bedrooms are totally out of question." Fred turned slightly green at the bare thought of it and Hermione totally understood. Just the thought of Snape watching her sleep was creepy at least, but him watching her perform her marital obligations was just … no…. absolutely not. "Nope," George agreed. "Not an option. Maybe the basement of the shop?" Hermione hummed thoughfully. "Maybe, but don't Lee and Verity have also access to the basement? I don't fancy explaining to them, why we have a portrait of Snape down there." "Good point," Fred agreed. "And as Flitwick and McGonagall don't particularly trust him at the moment, asking them is also not an option." "We'll have to change that," Hermione said seriously. "They need to know the truth about Dumbledore's death sooner or later." "True, but we don't actually know the whole truth ourselves. Dumbledore wasn't exactly forthcoming with information," George said carefully and Fred nodded agreeingly. "Well, than we'll just have to find out, what happened," he said and leaned back in his chair casually. "To bad we can't go back to Hogwarts regularly. Having access to Dumbledore's portrait would definitely give us an advantage in this whole war," Hermione mourned but her husbands simply grinned at her boyishly. "Well…" they started together and looked at her with twinkling eyes. Hermione was instantly alarmed. "Okay boys, spit it out. What have you done?" George shrugged unapologetically. "I think it's best if we show you." George couldn't help being slightly worried about Hermione's reaction. What they'd done could possibly swing the war to their favour but it was also totally illegal. And Hermione had always been a stickler for rules. "So let me get this straight," Hermione said with an unreadable expression on her face after they had finished their little demonstration and done a lot of explaining. "You've found a method to create illegal portkeys into Hogwarts." "Not just Hogwarts," Fred emphasized as if he was worried, that Hermione wouldn't catch the brilliance of their invention. "We can program them to any location we have marked with the required anchor rune. This rune is what actually performs the pull that you feel at your navel, while using a portkey. The portkey is just something like the vessel." Hermione nodded in understanding. "And you have put an anchor rune directly into the headmaster's office?" She wanted to know and studied them with unreadable eyes. Fred nodded. "Yeah. And don't worry. He'll never find it. It's practically undetectable." She smiled at him gently. "I trust you, both of you." George's heart made a little jig dance at these words. For most people he was just part of the infamous jokester-duo. They just expected a good prank from him, but rarely more. To know that Hermione really believed in him and trusted him made him proud beyond measure and he was more determined than ever, to earn this trust. "I won't let you down, Hermione," he promised her and squeezed her hand gently, which earned him another smile from her. "To bad we won't know when Malfoy leaves the office. I really don't fancy appearing on his lap or something like that," his witch said in a wistful tone but of course they had crafted this plan very thoughfully. "Well, we actually do know if he's there and we can even listen in on him, if we want," Fred said proudly and pulled a small glass bead from his trouser pocket. He enlarged it with a muttered "Engorgio" and suddenly they could see the headmaster's office at the inside of the bludger-sized ball. Hermione stared at them speechlessly and opened and closed her mouth several times without articulating a single word. She looked at the glass orb once more, walked around it and finally shook her hand confusedly. Right at this moment Lucius Malfoy walked through the picture and one could clearly see him leaving the office through the door. "I don't know what to say," Hermione muttered and looked at them with something like awe. "I really have no idea how you did it. You bugged the headmaster's office. This should be impossible. There must be so many detection spells on this place and they obviously didn't catch anything." Fred smiled at her self-satisfiedly. "Well, those spells are designed to sniff out magical interceptions, but as our little device is mostly based on a muggle design…" He couldn't finish the sentence. Suddenly Hermione seemed to have recovered from her stupor, leaped towards him and sealed his lips with a heated kiss. George felt a small pang of jealousy at that, but a moment later she was in his arms, too and kissed him with the same passion. But the kiss was over all too soon and she stood in front of them with a sheepish smile on her face. "Sorry, couldn't help myself here for a moment," she admitted with pink cheeks. But they just grinned at her like idiots. "Is there also sound transmitted through this thing?" Hermione finally asked and started to analyse the sphere with an admiring expression. " 'course there is," Fred boasted and they readily leaped into an explanation. Hermione hung at their lips for every single word and George grinned. He should have known that the most certain way to charm Hermione Granger was to do something very clever. Hermione pulled professors Snape's portrait out for the first time, when she was alone in her room this evening. Even if she wouldn't put it there permanently she wanted to talk to him as soon as possible. And so she settled herself on her bed cross-legged and propped the frame up against the foot-end of the bed. "Professor Snape? Can you hear me?" she called uncertainly into the empty frame and waited. For a moment nothing happened but suddenly the tiny figure of the professor appeared in the background and strode towards her with billowing black robes. She had to supress a smile at the familiarity of it. He was in front of her only seconds later and looked at her with something like relief. "You kept your end of the bargain, I see. Thank Merlin. Those old doters just started discussing beard trimming techniques. Can you imagine? A minute longer and I would have simply clawed my ears out." He seemed to have composed himself then and turned around to study the background of the portrait thoroughly. Finally he seemed to have finished his inspection and looked at her with glittering eyes. "You let them paint a library? Really?" he asked with something like incredulousness. She smiled sheepishly at him. Yes, there were tons of books in the background and most of them were recognizable by the titles written on their covers. She had even handed a huge pile of the intended books to the painter in the hope, that he could somehow capture their content inside of the portrait. And he assured her, that he could make it work for the right price. And she had paid it willingly. "Well, I imagined that living as a portrait would be incredibly dull. Those Hogwarts portraits seem to be almost obsessed with gossip and news of any kind and I imagine it is due to the utter boredom of being confined into a frame. I couldn't really picture you gossiping around or something equally featherbrained. As I wasn't sure if brewing potions would be possible within a picture I settled for the next best thing that sprang into my mind." She shrugged grinningly. "You can't blame me. I am a bookworm after all." He stared at her silently for a moment, before his eyes softened for a moment. "Thank you Mrs Weasley," he said. "That must be the nicest thing that anyone has ever done for me. This must have cost you a small fortune." Hermione smiled wistfully. "Could you please not do this?" He furrowed his brows and looked at her blankly. "Do what?" "Call me Mrs Weasley. This makes me sound… ancient." She smiled. "Hermione would be very much preferred." He inclined his head acceptingly. "Very well … Hermione. Were exactly are we?" He asked and inspected the room behind her. "Is that a … bed?" She couldn't help but chuckle at how uncomfortable her former professor suddenly sounded. "For now you are in my bedroom at Fred's and George's flat." He looked at her horrified and Hermione hurried to continue. "Don't worry. I only just took the frame out of my bag to let you know it is finished. And I wanted to discuss with you possible places to put the frame up, because we are quite at a loss here. I am sure you don't want to be any more in this flat than we want you to be here. No offense." He smiled darkly. "Non taken." Hermione released a relieved sigh. Then she started to explain their considered spots for the portrait and the problems they were having with each of them. Snape agreed with her grudgingly. "I see your reasoning," he admitted and finally lowered himself gracefully into the wing chair she had commissioned to be painted within the picture. There he steepled his hands under his chin. "Well, if there is no other place I suppose you could put me up in my lab at Spinner's end. It's in the basement of the house. I actually hate that house, but I guess it will have to do for now." Hermione wanted to ask him a million questions at that, but she controlled herself and just said: "As you wish. We can always transfer the picture, if we find a better place. How do we get there?" Snape told her the address and explained to her the best spot for apparating into the neighbourhood. But finally something in his eyes shifted and he said with something like awkwardness: "You might have to modify the wards to let the Weasleys in." Hermione paused. "Pardon?" She didn't understand but Snape's expression told her, that he hadn't expected her to. And so he clarified: "The wards… at first you will be the only one allowed to enter. You need to go inside and modify them to let your husbands in." She blinked at him confusedly. "But… why? Why can I get in and they… don't?" He gritted his crooked teeth at that and took a long suffering breath before explaining with an almost pained expression: "I might have left you the place in my will." Hermione just stared and it and was for the second time that day she absolutely speechless. It seemed to be a new thing for her. "Don't get your hopes up, Hermione. The house is a shit hole. I never put much effort into it, as I honestly couldn't stand the place." Hermione nodded mutely and still gaped at him like a fish. "I still don't understand, professor," she finally admitted helplessly. "You… you couldn't even stand me. Why would you name me in your will? And why didn't I know until now?" He took a deep breath and then looked directly into her eyes. "I never hated you. Let's say I wasn't the most patient of men and you could grate on my nerves… a bit." She snorted and at that a smile tugged at the corners of his lips. "Let's just say you remind me of an old friend of mine. She was also a muggleborn." Again his expression changed and suddenly her professor looked almost sad. "As I don't have any heir and there was no one else…" he paused and seemed be at a loss for words for a moment. Hermione shifted on the bed uncomfortably. "I always prepared for this war to get … ugly, even more ugly than it was back then. I knew that the dark lord would mercilessly hunt all muggles and muggleborns as he hates them with a passion." She nodded sadly. "He won't leave it at the marriage law, will he?" Snape shook his head grimly. "I don't expect him to. Maybe he will leave you alone for a few years, but as soon as he as strengthened his position he will be out for your blood." "Then we'll have to end him rather sooner than later," she said gravely. "Or die trying." He looked at her with almost sad eyes and for a moment he didn't look like himself at all. "I never expected to come out of this war alive," he confessed. "So I intended my home to be a hide out for you. I didn't leave my will with the ministry, as I didn't want anybody but you to know about it. You will find the document in the drawer of the desk of the larger bedroom at spinners end. Take it and don't show it to anybody. As long as you stay in the house, he won't be able to reach or even track you. I designed the wards myself and made sure of it. You wouldn't be able to leave the place with your wand, as they would be able to track you then, but the place is in a muggle neighbourhood and you should be fine for a quick visit to the shops." Hermione smiled at him gently. "Thank you professor. I appreciate it very much." And suddenly the scowl was back on his face and he waved her of. "Whatever. Don't interpret it as a grand gesture or something. I simply didn't know what else to do with the place." He looked at her sharply and suddenly he was his usual grumpy self again. "So, back to business I guess. How far have you gotten with studying Occlumency, Hermione?" She automatically straightened in front of the frame and got into lecturing mode. And then she told him.
A.N.: With the next chapters this fanfic will get more and more serious. So be prepared for a bit of angst and hurt/comfort. Nothing to crass or explicit though, so don't be afraid. Chapter 12: Loosing it "Well, no wonder the guy was always a grumpy bastard," Fred muttered after finishing his inspection of the ground floors of Snape's old home Spinner's end. Snape hadn't exaggerated. The place was a mess. The rooms were dirty, the rugs full of stenches and several tiles in the kitchen and bathroom were broken and had never been replaced. But the worst was the aura of depression and darkness that lingered inside of the place. It felt like the house hadn't seen happiness in a very long time and now oozed dark feelings from all of his pores. Hermione sighed sadly. "I can understand why he said he hated the place," she said and looked through one of the cracked windows into the poverish and dirty area that was the neighbourhood. "I can't imagine how it was, growing up at that place." And she really couldn't. Hermione's parents had always been well of as they both worked as dentists and were very successful at that. She had grown up in a nice area with lots of parks, playgrounds and nice clean houses as well as old friendly ladies and young children as neighbours. Yes, she had sometimes been lonely as a child, but it was more due to being a bookworm and years ahead of her age than to the lack of friendly neighbours. And she was never as miserable as Snape must have been as a child. "Why did he leave you that place again?" George said while looking for the door to the basement. He finally found it at the end of a dark and narrow hallway, without a light source, hidden behind an innocent looking wooden door. "He didn't say," Hermione lied, because she felt that her professor wouldn't approve of her repeating his words to the twins. Then she lighted her wand with a silent lumos and followed George down the stairway into the basement. It was telling that the basement that was transformed into a professional potions lab was so much nicer than the rooms upstairs. There was not a grain of dust at the work benches or within the shelves and all the furniture was in impeccable condition. There was even a small sitting area with a bookshelf in one of the corners. "Well, now we know where he spent most of the time in this house," Hermione said and inspected the books within the shelf. As Snape has promised her there were at least four books on occlumency as well as a thick leather bound notebook containing his own experiences and notes concerning the topic. She picked them from the shelf and stored them within her expanded handbag, before taking the portrait frame out of it and placing it on the wall opposite of the sofa. "It's all set up professor," she said in front of the empty frame. It didn't take long for him to make an appearance. He looked around the room appreciatively and finally nodded in satisfaction. "That will do," he said and studied them with an unreadable expression. "Leave the light on, when you leave. Don't worry. The bill will be directly payed from my Gringotts account. The gold in there should be enough for some years of electricity." He smirked. "And now, out with you. I am looking forward to hours of undisturbed solitude." Fred and George saluted mockingly while Hermione settled for a respectful nod. They left professor Snape without another word and Hermione couldn't help but think that this was exactly to his liking. The next blow for Hermione came two days after. They had just settled for breakfast when an owl rushed through the opened window and brought a copy of the daily prophet with it. Fred and George weren't much of a reader but Hermione had pointed out, that it would be important for them to keep track of all the events within the wizarding world. And the twins had agreed and ordered the newspaper for her. Most of the time Hermione didn't enjoy reading it at all, as the prophet still seemed to be run by death eaters and was terribly one sided in its reports. But she had learned to read between the lines years ago and analysed the newspaper carefully while having breakfast. But as she caught sight of the headline this morning, she choked on her coffee and threw the newspaper away, as if it had burned her. "What's wrong," Fred asked worriedly, while George picked up the paper from the floor. He took one look at the front page and cursed, before starting to read the article. Fred leaned over to him and started reading across his shoulder. Hermione on the other hand was just staring blindly into the air as her head kept spinning. Bellatrix Lestrange appointed as leading auror of the muggleborn conviction force, the headline read and Hermione had enough of an idea what it meant. Finally the twins seemed to have finished with the article as they put the paper down and looked at her with worried expressions. "This is bad," George sad darkly and shook his head. "She will be in charge of the hunt for all muggleborns that antagonized the law. She is instructed to hunt them down and is allowed to use all force she deems necessary for a successful capture." Hermione's mind was already supplying pictures of crippled muggleborns that were dragged into the ministry by a madly cackling Bellatrix. It was too much for her. Without a word she leaped from her chair and rushed into the bathroom, were she promptly lost her breakfast into the toilet. But the pictures just kept coming. Suddenly she was back at the floor of Malfoy Manor and the face of an enraged Bellatrix Lestrange was directly in front of her. "How did you get into the vault?" she heard her hysteric voice as she carved the letters into her arm with the tip of her cursed blade. Hermione screamed in pain. "We weren't there, I swear," she cried as her body was flaring with the after pain of the cruciatus. "Please…" Suddenly her body was grabbed from behind and strong arms settled around her. She screamed again and tried to pull herself away, but it was of no use. Her opponent was simply too strong. "Let me go, please!" she begged Bellatrix again, but the witch simply cackled madly. But then – suddenly – there was another voice calling out for her. "Hermione," she heard her name and she immediately stilled. But the voice sounded very far away. Still, she wanted to answer, to call for help but all that escaped from her lips was a choked sob. "Hermione, it's alright. You are safe," the voice ensured her, but that couldn't be true. How could she be safe, when Bellatrix was there torturing her for information she didn't have? She squinted her eyes to look for her potential saviour only to recognize, that Bellatrix was gone, or better, that she hasn't been there at all - because she wasn't at Malfoy Manor but on the cold tiled floor of her bathroom. She chocked. "Fred? George?" she asked weakly and suddenly the worried face of a redhead appeared in front of her. She couldn't tell which one it was, as her vision was completely blurred with tears. "It's alright, love. We're here," a voice from behind murmured into her hair as strong arms rocked her back and forth. "You're safe. She won't get you," the redhead in front of her promised before wrapping himself around her from that direction, so that she was sandwiches between the two of them. And Hermione buried herself into his chest, as the tears kept flowing. They kept holding Hermione between the two of them for a long time, as her body kept shaking with silent sobs. She threw up twice more until nothing more then bile was left but soon after went limp in their arms. And George felt her suffering as if it was his own. He knew the story of course, but seeing her like that was still a shock to him. Hermione always seemed strong and almost unbreakable to him, but as she lay on the bathroom floor screaming and begging and looking at them without recognition he realized, how close she must have come to breaking. It was a picture that would hunt him in his nightmares. Fred carried her into George's bed and finally left for the shop tiredly. They couldn't leave all the work to Lee and Verity after all. But he instructed George to stay with their wife for the whole time and he was only too happy to oblige. He climbed into bed next to her and pulled the covers over them, before taking her into his arms. And Hermione didn't struggle as she had before but clung to him desperately. "It's alright love, I am here," he murmured over and over into her hair. "I won't let her hurt you." And he wouldn't, ever again. That much he promised her and himself. Hermione was his now, or was he hers? It didn't matter, because in the end it meant the same. "She will come after me," Hermione whispered into his chest with a small afraid voice, while her body trembled in his arms. George knew it was true. Bellatrix Lestrange was mad to the core but she was also a hunter. And Hermione was the prey that had managed to escape her once already. Bellatrix wouldn't just let that go and would use everything on her disposal, to get a hold on his wife again. And then she'd finish what she had started. "I know," he said solemnly and kissed her forehead. "But this time you won't be alone. Fred and I will both be at your side. We will rip her to pieces limp by limp, before we let her put a finger on you." And George meant it. Fred was busy at the shop but he still used the twin bond, to check on Hermione and George regularly. She seemed to be doing better after a while and around noon both of them finally pulled out of the bed. They still stayed in the flat and Fred was fine with that. Hermione had almost worked herself into exhaustion during the last weeks as she produced joke supplies for them endlessly and trained with Flitwick three times a week for two hours before dinner. In the evenings she immersed herself in her studies of Occlumency and there never seemed a time, when the woman just slowed down. And Fred didn't know how she managed. It was no wonder she had finally broken down. They would have to take better care of their witch, Fred thought, or there wouldn't be anything left to her spirit, when she finally made it out alive of the other end of that godforsaken war. As soon as the shop was closed Fred rushed back upstairs, where he found his two favourite people propped up together on the sofa. Hermione was still reading one of those dusty old occlumency books, but she looked more relaxed, than she had in weeks. "You're back," Hermione said as soon as he stepped into the room. She put the book down smilingly, got up and walked towards him, before gently putting her arms around him. For a moment he was completely stunned by this for her totally unusual behaviour, but then he hugged her back smilingly. "Hello love," he murmured and brushed his lips gently across her forehead. "Do you feel better now?" She nodded before hugging him again. "Yeah, I feel much better now. I don't know what got into me this morning. I think the news just caught me on the wrong foot." Fred smiled and cupped her face with his right hand. "It's alright. Everybody has some weak moments, even you. But don't worry. George and I will always be here to catch you." She nodded and leaned into his hand. "I know," she said with a gently smile and then pulled away from him. Then she looked at both of the twins and grinned. "What do you think about chips and popcorn for dinner? I don't feel much like cooking and I'd much rather have a cosy evening at the sofa." At that his face spread into a wide grin. "We should mark the day in the calendar Georgie. Hermione is having snacks for dinner. I think the world is ending." George grinned back at him. "Nope. But I think we have finally corrupted her." Hermione snorted. And then they all broke out in hysterical laughter. Against his better judgement they let Hermione go to sleep on her own. She had stubbornly assured them, that she was fine and Fred had finally caved in. But in a corner of his heart he felt, that they should be there with her. He was proven right when he was pulled from his sleep by a feeling of urgency and he instantly knew that she needed him. And before he could think about it twice he was out of his bed with wand in hand and rushed into her room. George was there just a second later. They found her crumpled on the floor, shaking and sobbing. Again she didn't recognize them at first and kept on mumbling incoherently, but at least she didn't struggle, as he picked her up and put her back into bed. He exchanged a quick look with his twin, who answered him with a determined nod and they climbed into her bed from both sides and curled around her protectively. It must have been the right decision, because even though Hermione seemed to be fast asleep, her body relaxed immediately. "Should have done that right from the beginning," Fred mumbled as he felt his body relax at the beloved smell of her hair. Gods, she felt good! "Absolutely," George agreed and cuddled closer. "We shouldn't let her sleep alone for at least some time, I think. And I don't want to leave her anyway." "Same here," Fred agreed and felt himself drift back to sleep. "We'll just need to make the bed a bit bigger and not leave her any say on the matter." George hummed something in reply. But Fred mused he was already half asleep. And so was he. Hermione woke up in a cocoon of warmth. She felt great and well rested, even though she could remember having a dreadful nightmare in the middle of the night. Having Bellatrix Lestrange at her heels affected her more, than she wanted to admit but she was determined to not let it dag her down. There was only one way for her to go now and that was forward. If she would have to face the crazy Black-sister sooner or later, than she better made damn sure, that she'd be able to take her down. Because she would never be helpless against the crazy witch again – this much she swore to herself. But to make this happen her duelling lessons might not be enough. The little professor was more of a tournament duellist and still fought with fairness and restrained himself to morally acceptable spells. Bellatrix on the other hand would fight dirty, that much Hermione was sure of. But luckily for her there was one person on her side that might know the witch's fighting style and could give Hermione some useful advice. A warm body shifted next to her and pulled Hermione from her thoughts. She opened her eyes confusedly and as she looked around, she didn't find one but two Weasleys in her bed. George to her left just seemed to have woken up, whereas Fred continued to snore quietly on her other side. "You alright, love?" her husband asked her with concern in his voice, as he studied her intensely. "What are you doing here?" she whispered almost unhearable but George must have understood her anyway. He looked at her with a strange expression on his face. "I was woken up by the strangest feeling. Dunno how to describe it but it was like you've been calling me." "Well, I haven't," Hermione replied with conviction and shook her head decidedly. "Maybe not directly or orally, no. I think it was more of a subconscious thing. I didn't hear anything per se, it was more of a feeling." He shook his head helplessly. "I know it sounds totally barmy, but Fred felt the same. It was even strong enough to wake the both of us." Hermione looked at him with a stunned expression. "I've never heard of something like that before," she admitted and started gnawing on her lip subconsciously. "Neither have I," George confessed but he didn't seem the slightest bit worried. "But I don't think it's a bad thing, on the contrary. I am quite relieved that you can somehow call me, if you are in destress." She smiled shyly. "Well, but I don't want you to lose any sleep because of me. It's actually kind of embarrassing to wake you up, just because a have nightmares." The smile was immediately wiped from his face and what remained was a totally serious expression. He took her by the shoulder and bored his brown eyes into hers. "Listen to me Hermione," he started and she detected something like urgency in his voice. "There is nothing to be embarrassed of. I climbed into Fred's bed regularly to seek comfort and still do sometimes. After losing my ear I camped with him for almost a month. Seeking comfort from people you trust is not a bad thing or a weakness. And neither of us will think any less of you for wanting to be close to us." He pulled her into his arms and hugged her and Hermione melted into his embrace. From behind her she heard a displeased groan and a moment later Fred snuggled close to her from behind before mumbling something incoherent into her hair. George chuckled. "See? Fred actually seems to like your bed. I didn't know he was that much of a cuddler though." Hermione smiled. "You'd be surprised."
A.N.: This chapter is one of the darker chapters, so be prepared for some angst. It's nothing explicit, as I don't like reading that myself, but your imagination might supply you with enough pictures anyway. But well, this fanfic is rated M and this chapter is one of the reasons why. Chapter 13: Shared pain Hermione had accepted their new sleeping arrangements surprisingly well and Fred was pleased about it more than he admitted out loudly. It actually took them surprisingly little time to convince her at all and after a slightly awkward discussion at breakfast, they transfigured George's bed into a large bed that was almost taking up the whole space inside. Fred's bed was vanished from his room and replaced by George's desk and the other stuff, that didn't fit into his room any longer. Hermione's room remained untouched for the moment as they wanted her to have a place she could retreat to, if it was getting too much for her. But she took the transition in stride. The most awkward parts of their new arrangement were Sunday and Monday evenings. One of them would distract himself in the living room or in the shower – but as soon as things calmed down in the bedroom he would crawl into bed with them as if nothing happened. Hermione had needed some time to adjust to that new development. The first time he crawled into bed with them … afterwards … she just stared at him with wide eyes and burning cheeks. He could tell she was deeply embarrassed and speechless, but he just grinned at her carelessly and pulled her naked body close. George had nodded towards him unconcernedly and Fred couldn't help but feel giddy with happiness. It was another step into the right direction within their marriage. And it made him hopeful that things would work out for them somehow in the end. Hermione started working back at the shop only two days after the unsettling article was released in the prophet. She almost seemed back to normal but Fred could tell that she was even busier than before. She had asked him for a reusable portkey into Spinner's end the morning, after waking up with the two of them for the first time and Fred couldn't deny, that is was the safest option for her to get to the place alone. Fred had to admit that he wasn't terribly keen on spending part of his mornings or evenings with the portrait of a grumpy potions professor that hated his guts. And he could tell George was feeling the same. Still Hermione seemed more at ease and relaxed than he had seen her in a long time. She started to hold herself with confidence and radiated an amount of magical power that he hadn't recognized in her before. But on top of that she seemed well rested and carefree to the extent of pulling jokes, that it was totally dazzling him – in a good way. But if he was honest with himself, he was feeling giddy with happiness, too. "Let's have pizza today," George exclaimed grinningly after closing up the shop on a particularly successful day. They had just finished their first monthly anniversary after reopening the shop and he was very much in the mood for a little celebration. And as it was Friday already there was no reason against a long and relaxing evening on the couch. "Sounds like a fantastic idea," he groaned excitedly and his belly rumbled with anticipation. "I just know the place," he said and strode towards the door to diagon alley. "You prepare the table. I'll be back with pizza in a second." And with that he stormed out of the shop and pulled his wand ready for apparition. He should have realized that something was wrong immediately, because the area around the shop was strangely empty. He didn't see his mistake, until a flicker of red registered in the corner of his eye. But before he could react, the stunner had already hit him into the chest and he was knocked out cold. He didn't feel it, when his body slammed into the floor like a puppet whose strings had been cut. Neither did he hear the cackling laughter of Bellatrix Lestrange before she yanked his unconscious body into an apparition. Fred knew he was in big trouble as soon as his mind drifted back into consciousness. The sounds around him seemed wrong and foreign and he still remembered the feeling of immanent danger, before sinking into darkness. If that wasn't a bad enough sign he also realized, that his body was sprawled on the floor with his arms and legs spread from his body and stuck to the ground. Merlin this was bad! "Well, well, I see the prince has finally awoken from his slumber." An almost to recognizable voice taunted him and the dark clad, curvy figure of no other than Bellatrix Lestrange moved into his field of vision. She could have been a beautiful woman with her big eyes, white skin and ebony black curly hair, but the touch of madness was hard to miss on her and it blurred all her features into something… ugly. "I hope you didn't kiss me to wake me up," he said humorlessly but cursed himself as soon as the words had left his mouth. Taunting her wouldn't do him any good, even though it might not matter much in the end. Bellatrix laughed at him mockingly. "What do you take me for? A paedophile?" she shook her head, while her eyes kept staring at him dangerously. "Besides you reek of mud. But that was to be expected as you willingly threw yourself in the arms of that scum." Fred could feel his temper rise but he tried to temper it down, as it wouldn't do him any good to provoke her any more than he already had. And so he just looked at her stoically. This only seemed to agitate her further and she looked at him with something that almost resembled disappointment. "Hm, they said you had a sharp tongue. Well, I think they might have been wrong as I find this encounter more and more boring…" At that she stepped closer and her eyes looked at his almost predatory. "Well, let's loosen your tongue up a bit as I'm sure your screams will be quite delicious." His heart started to beat frantically at that but he tried to not let his panic show on his face. Fred wouldn't give her the satisfaction of screaming. He'd rather bite of his tongue before giving her that satisfaction. He smiled at her darkly. "Well, let's get this over with, shall we? I always wanted to meet my dead uncles. I heard they were kind of fun to be around." But she just started to laugh mockingly at him. "You think I am going to kill you? No sweety, we'll have so much more fun together than that. You see, I still have a purpose for you." He snorted humorlessly. "Yeah, right. You should really get yourself a hobby, you know? What about knitting? You don't seem like a quiddich person to me…" With that something in her eyes shifted and suddenly madness was all that was left to her face. Then his eyes caught a metallic glint from one of her hands and as he looked closer, he could see a wicked looking dagger appearing there. It couldn't be the same one she used on Hermione, as that one was buried inside of Dobby's body as they escaped from her clutches the last time. But he didn't doubt that this one was equally sharp and nasty. "Maybe I should just cut out your tongue and send it to her," she mused to herself but Fred immediately understood what she was planning to do. She wanted to lure out Hermione and for the first time in his life his wife was the last person he wanted to see in this world. "It won't work, you know?" he said as casually as possible. "She won't come. Hermione is not stupid after all, you know?" But Bellatrix just shrugged her shoulders at that und replied totally unconcerned. "Well, let's see about that, shall we? She is a Gryffindor after all and those tend to be surprisingly stupid." The dagger glinted dangerously and he ground his teeth together to stop himself from screaming. Bellatrix smiled at him as if she knew what he was doing and didn't have a care in the world. "Well, let's see," she said slowly. "I think an ear will do for now." With that her dagger leaped towards him with the precision of an attacking snake. And Fred's world was swallowed by pain. He didn't scream. The keys fell from George's hands right as he tried to unlock their front door. They had just climbed up the stairs to their flat when his world suddenly shifted and he had the unmistakable feeling that something was seriously wrong. "Fred!" he gasped and almost lost his footing, but Hermione had rushed towards him and held him up. "George! What's wrong?" she asked in a worried tone and looked up at him with huge brown eyes. "It's Fred. Something is wrong. I can't feel him any longer," he gasped and summoned the keys to the flat frantically. He tried to ram them into the lock but his violently shaking hands were of no use. Hermione took them from him gently after watching him for a second, before unlocking the door with deathly calmness. "Do you know where he is?" she asked him and took out her wand from her sleeve. He shook his head frantically. "No, not at the moment. He must have lost consciousness or something like that. That would be the only explanation for not being able to feel him through the bond. That or…" "He's not dead George," she said immediately and he desperately wanted to believe her. "He mustn't die Hermione," he urged her. "I would kill me, too, well, or at least part of me." And it was true. He was not sure if he could ever recover from losing his twin. Most of the magical twins he had heard about had died almost at the same time and he didn't think it was a coincidence. George looked at his wife with wide panicked eyes but there was a calmness in them, that he hadn't expected. She looked almost eerie. "We will get him back," she swore to im and he knew she meant it. Hermione was a fighter and she would do anything in her power to keep that promise. Suddenly George's world shifted again as Fred's end of the bond flickered back to life again. He took a relieved gasp. But then feelings of helplessness and desperation were seeping through as well as a clear message. And George's knees went weak under him. "It's Bellatrix," he gasped with a panicked voice. "She's got him." Hermione blinked once but her face shifted into an expressionless mask. "Alright," she said and gripped his arm. "Do you know where he is? Can you take us to him?" He nodded. "I can always find him, where ever he is," he said but then he shook his head sadly at her. "But you can't come with me Hermione. It's a trap. And I think you know it." Something in her gaze shifted and suddenly her eyes went hard. "It doesn't matter. I…" But he couldn't hear her any longer as pain suddenly exploded in his head and he screamed in pain. "Fred…" he panted as tears sprung into his eyes. "She's torturing him." "We need to go, now," Hermione said deathly calm and pulled him up. "George please, there is no time to lose." He nodded. She was right. There was no saying how long he would be able to stay conscious through this pain. "Alright. Hold on tight," he ordered. George didn't wait for an answer. He just followed the bond and a moment later they were gone. Hermione took in the scene before her with a calculating gaze. Snape had taught her quite thoroughly during the last weeks and she had quickly learned to lock her feelings deep inside of her and not let them touch her. He hadn't been able to cast any spells at her, of course, as he was just an echo of his former self preserved inside of a painting. But he had used the next best thing at his disposal and used years of knowledge on her to taunt her mercilessly. He had done it over and over and his cruel words had hurt more, than his spells ever could. She had learned the lesson the hard way, but finally she managed the feat and buried the vulnerable part of her mind inside an unbreakable box. Just like that his words hadn't been able to touch her any longer. As his next taunting remark came, Hermione just smiled politely at him and thanked him calmly for his insight. And his eyes had glowed with proudness. Hermione was taking use of that skill now and so her heart was beating calmly in her chest, as she took in her surroundings. It was bad, that much was obvious. Fred's body was sprawled out on the floor and a growing puddle of fresh blood was surrounding him. Bellatrix was crouched above of him and she was humming something like a lullaby. It was worlds beyond creepy. George gasped next to her and took the scene in with wide eyes full of terror. She couldn't blame him. But the noise had alerted their enemy of their arrival and before Hermione could cast her first spell, strong anti-apparation-wards snapped in place around them. That much for the moment of surprise, she thought grumpily. "Well, you've come even faster than I deemed possible," Bellatrix spoke and her voice sounded almost delighted. "I guess I could have saved myself the effort then." Hermione saw the witch throw something in front of them on the floor and a detached part of her brain registered, that it was an ear. "You sick bitch, you'll pay for that," George swore next to her but Hermione could tell, that he was in no condition to fight. He could barely stay upright on his legs and his body shifted dangerously on his feet. "You shouldn't have touched him," Hermione said and her voice stayed deathly calm at that. "I never took you for stupid Bella," she continued and took a measured step towards the witch using her nickname deliberately "but it seems I was wrong." George followed her close behind, but Hermione unobtrusively took hold of his hand and held him back. "Do you trust me?" she murmured silently towards him while keeping her gaze fixed on her enemy. "With my life," her husband confirmed and she squeezed his arm reassuringly. "Good, because I want you to get Fred and go to professor McGonagall. Don't come back." He looked at her for a long moment and he must have seen something that finally convinced him. "Allright," he said and straightened. Then he stepped next to her with his wand in his left hand. She saw something glinting in his other one but before she could contemplate what it was, he had thrown the thing skillfully towards his twin. "Catch!" he shouted and just as the item connected with the limp body on the floor, both of them were gone. Bellatrix eyes went wide. "What have you done? Where did they go?" her voice screamed shrilly at her and Hermione smiled a dangerous smile. "Oh Bella, you should have never touched what is mine," she said with a voice that would have made Snape proud. There was nothing holding her back now, as she didn't have to pay attention to anyone else then her enemy in front of her. And without another word she leaped into action. Fred was barely conscious, when they landed within McGonagalls study with a dull thud and a groan. McGonagall wasn't in the room but the wards must have alerted her of their presence, as she rushed through the door just a moment later. "Fred, George," she exclaimed with a gasp and sunk to her knees on the floor next to them with a grace quite startling for her age. She took the scene in with an experienced eye that spoke of years living through a war and without saying anything to them she was back at her feet and casting a patronus. "Poppy, please come to the manor at once," she said in a clipped tone. "I am in dire need of your skills." The silvery cat zoomed through the wall and was gone. Seconds ticked by slowly as George painfully gasped for breath and blood was painting the white carpet beneath them red. It couldn't have been more than a few seconds though until Madam Pomphrey appeared next to them with her hand tightly clasped in the tiny hand of a Hogwarts house elf. George looked at her with wide pleading eyes as she analysed the situation with years of experience. "Alright Minerva," she said as she took out her wand and silently cast the first spell. "I think you have a lot of explaining to do."
A.N.: Hey everybody. The next chapter is finished and I hope you like it. I am curious which "side" of the conflict you would take. If you don't mind let me know in a comment. I'd be very happy to finally get some feedback. Chapter 14: Don't ask He and Fred were quickly moved into a small bedroom upstairs and even if there was nothing physically from with George, he felt like shit. His head was throbbing terribly and he had problems to stay awake and conscious for the whole time. But as Madame Pomfrey began treating his twin in the bed next to him, he felt like life was slowly coming back to him. And George was so relieved that he started to cry, because he could feel that Fred was getting better, too. Gods, he had come so close to loosing him! None of the four persons spoke a word for a long time but finally Madam Pomfrey slipped her wand back into her robe and looked towards him and Minerva. The other witch quickly conjured a white curtain around Fred's bed and cast a privacy charm around them, before sitting down to a comfy looking chair next to his bed. The nurse did the same and George pulled himself into a sitting position with a groan. "I think it's time for you to tell us, what exactly happened to the two of you," Minerva said with her lips pressed into a thin line. The other witch nodded in agreeance. "Fred was abducted right in front of our shop," he said weakly. "He… Bellatrix Lestrange took him. He must have been unconscious at first, because I couldn't tell where he was." Minerva sighed sadly and nodded. "And later you could?" George nodded. "We are magical twins. As soon as he regained consciousness I could apparate to him." "How did you escape?" his former professor asked and looked at him with a calculating gaze. George closed his eyes and took a deep breath. "Hermione. She went with me and…" "Where is she?" Minerva interrupted him urgently. "Is she…?" She could not finish the sentence but George knew what she was about to say. And his stomach lurched at the realization that he didn't know. "I… don't know," he admitted painfully and stared into his lap. "She… sent us away." He could hear a choked sob which must have come from Madame Pomfrey and he closed his eyes in shame. He had promised to Hermione, that he wouldn't ever let her face the woman of her nightmares alone. But George had broken that promise today and even though she had personally asked him to leave, he wasn't sure if he would ever forgive himself. "I don't need to tell you, that it doesn't look good for Hermione," Minerva explained with a forced calmness, while pinching the bridge of her nose. "Bellatrix Lestrange is one of the most skilled duellist I know of, but she is especially dangerous because she is ruthless and there is no spell, she wouldn't use. This woman might have killed more people than even the dark lord himself…" she said and looked at him sadly. "We can only hope that she didn't aim to kill your wife, because I am sure, that even I wouldn't stand a chance in a duel against her." George gulped and closed his eyes in pain as he realized what the professor was trying to tell him. "Hermione doesn't stand a chance, does she?" he asked but his voice was barely more than a whisper. Minerva looked at him for a long moment but finally shook her head sadly. "Hermione is an accomplished witch," she started "and Filius has assured me, that she made great progress in duelling him. But…" He nodded in understanding and the realization almost broke him. "I need to find her," he said and tried to pull himself out of bed, but Madame Pomphrey held him back firmly with her hand. "Oh no, you don't," she said and looked at him with firm eyes. "You are in no shape to even leave this bed, let alone…" Minerva nodded and got up from her chair. "Do you have any idea where your wife is?" she asked and pulled up her sleeves. But George paused and gasped as he realized that he didn't. "It was something like a warehouse…" he began and tried to remember any details but the sad truth was that the last hour was kind of a blur to him. He shook his head helplessly, before closing his eyes in shame. He heard his professor take a deep breath as she turned around and marched to the door. "Very well, I'll see what I ca…" But she couldn't finish the sentence because suddenly there was a nervous looking house elf in front of her. "Mistress must come to the office immediately," the little creature squeaked while looking at her with eyes that were wide in terror. "I is sorry to interrupt but there is another visitor…" Minerva cut him off, with a sharp nod. "Poppy," she said urgently but the other witch was already rushing towards her. She held her hand out towards the elf. "Take us there at once," Minerva said in a clipped tone. The little creature took hold of their hands without question, and within the blink of an eye they were gone. And George started praying. Hermione was brought into the room barely five minutes later but for George it felt like it had been an eternity. Poppy levitated her unconscious body in front of her with a grave expression and as George took in the paleness of Hermione's skin he assumed the worst. She looked like a ghost and the dark brown robes that she had worn throughout the day hung down from her body in tatters. At some places they even seemed badly singed and now that George was aware of it, he could also detect the strong smell of smoke on her body. He looked at Minerva with wide eyes. "Is she…?" he couldn't finish the sentence. Both woman looked at him and shook their heads silently. "Thank god," he gasped and sunk back into his pillow bonelessly. There he lay for several breathless moments and stared at the ceiling while Minerva and Poppy manoeuvred Hermione into the bed next to Fred. He heard the nurse cast several spells and murmur quietly with the professor, but George couldn't make out any words. He was to dizzy with relief and his ears kept buzzing like there was a nest of bees inside. Finally the two witches seemed finished with their treatment of Hermione and turned to leave the room. But he could see in their faces, that something was really worrying them. "What is it? What's wrong?" he asked them desperately but they just shook their heads at him. "We'll talk to you when she wakes up. Just try to get some rest for now," the nurse said and turned to the door without another word. George sighed. Resting was easier sad then done. For the first time in days Hermione awoke alone in bed. It was a strange feeling, almost unnatural, which was strange because she had slept alone for such a very long time. But somehow Fred and George had wormed their way in and it somehow just felt like they belonged there now. She sighed. "You're awake," she heard George's voice say with a strange undertone. His voice sounded sad and as she opened her eyes she could see, that his eyes were red and swollen. She gasped. "George? What's wrong? Is Fred alright?" His smile was like a grimace. "Fred is okay, considering the circumstances. He's already up again discussing who knows what with Minerva." George sounded almost angry which confused her even more. "What do you mean 'considering the circumstances'? Just tell me, George," she pleaded and he sighed tiredly. "He lost an ear," he answered and suddenly she remembered. She had seen it, as Bellatrix had thrown it in front of her feet. "The blade was cursed, wasn't it? Otherwise Madam Pomphrey would have been able to regrow it." He nodded darkly. "I'm so sorry George," she said and searched for his eyes pleadingly, but he averted her gaze. "Stop it, Hermione," he said and suddenly he leaped from his chair and started pacing in front of her bed. She looked at him in bewilderment. "Stop what? George, please… just what aren't you telling me?" He started laughing but it was a humourless laugh that she had never heard from him and it was quite frankly scaring her. "What am I not telling you? What aren't you telling me?" She blinked and stared at him completely puzzled. "I…." But she didn't know what to say. Hermione just stared at him open-mouthedly as he stalked through the room like a caged tiger. After several minutes he finally paused in front of her bed and stared at her with tired eyes. "How did you escape Hermione?" he asked her with forced calmness. "I didn't," she replied and looked him straight into the eyes. He furrowed his brows in confusion. "Of course you did, Hermione. You're here after all," he stated and waved his hands around the room. Hermione took a deep breath, before she continued. "I didn't escape, George. I duelled her. Running away was never my intention." At that something within him snapped and he leaped towards her and took her roughly by the shoulders. "But sending me away was? Hermione, you could have died, or worse tortured until nothing of your spirit and mind was left." She swallowed thickly. "I know," she confessed. "But I had no other choice." He reared back and looked at her with wide eyes. "You had no choice? No choice? That's complete bullshit and you know it Hermione." Hermione gaped at him, but he just continued. "You could have let me stay with you or even better, you could have just come with us." This time it was her turn to utter a humourless laugh. "And then what? Let her hunt us again? Let her take more from us the next time? Because she would never have left us alone." She breathed heavily. "This is a war George and quite frankly, I am done hiding and taking the hits." His body went completely still and his arms fell limply down at his sides. "Hermione? What have you done? Where is she?" he asked her carefully while studying her with an unreadable expression. "I'm not telling," she replied calmly and tried to avert his gaze. But he turned her head back towards him after taking hold of her chin with his right hand. "Hermione?" Suddenly his voice was dangerously calm but his face was full of emotions. "Tell me." Hermione tried to pull away and closed her eyes, so that she needn't to see his face when she continued. "What do you want to hear George? That I killed her in cold blood? That I burned her dead body to a crisp?" There was no answer. "No? Good. Because then you can simply stop asking for things you really don't want to know." She opened her eyes and when she looked at him, she had to repress a sob. His eyes were wide in terror while the rest of his face seemed strangely detached. "I'll go and check on Fred," he finally said and leaped from his chair, before she could even say something in return. "Sure," she relied with a calmness that she was not feeling at all. And a moment later he was gone. Fred was hiding out in the garden when George came to find him. He didn't hide out per se, as he had no problem with his twin finding him, but he hadn't been able to hold out in this stuffy old castle with its brooding inhabitants a second longer. After coming so close to death or at least torture he just needed to feel the sun on his skin and breathe the fresh air, because some hours ago he was almost sure, he wouldn't do that ever again. It was the second time in only weeks that he had almost died, because no matter what that crazy bitch had intended to do, it had been a close call. That much he had been told by a serious looking McGonagall. He was lucky having only left an ear, they said, and Fred agreed whole-heartily. He couldn't care less about the missing appendage, when things could have been so much worse for him – no them. Because of course George and Hermione hadn't just stayed away and had come for him. Fred didn't know much of what had happened but his brother seemed agitated beyond measure. His mind seemed to be in total chaos and even if Fred had tried, he wouldn't have been able to catch even one of his thoughts. But the feelings of shame, anger and confusion seeped through the bond as clear as day. And Fred didn't know what to make of it. What happened to them after he lost consciousness? He could vaguely remember Hermione and his twin arriving in that damned industry hall but he wasn't even sure how they had gotten away. But as nobody wanted to tell him anything he was left guessing. And it was driving him mad. "You look like you could use some fresh air," Fred said, after George had literally stormed towards him and thrown himself at the wooden bench next to him. "Not sure if it'll do me any good. But I needed out," his twin replied with a troubled voice. Fred sighed. "Will you tell me what happened George? What's got you so troubled? Because I can assure you: I am Okay." George looked at him for a long moment before gently touching the side of his head, where his ear had been. "Yeah, I know," he finally admitted before letting his hand fall back down into his lap. "It's Hermione. She… came with me when I came after you." Fred nodded. That much he had already known. "Yeah, but she's Okay, too, isn't she? I talked to Madame Pomphrey briefly and she said it was mostly magical exhaustion that knocked her out." At that George pulled a face. "I left her, Fred. When we arrived at the place I … I wasn't well. Must have been the bond… I… She…" George was ringing for words which had never happened before between the two of them. "Hermione told me to get you away from that place and at that moment I believed it was for the best to do as she asked. 'm not even sure if I could have cast a spell and so I… I used one of the portkeys." Fred nodded in understanding. "You're blaming yourself," he said and George nodded defeatedly. And so Fred continued: "Why are you blaming yourself? You said yourself that you were in no shape to fight." "I should have stayed anyway." "You'd have gotten in the way." Fred said and he felt selfish for it. "Think about it George. Bellatrix would have used your condition mercilessly to her advantage. What do you think Hermione would have done?" George's face fell in understanding. "She'd have tried to protect me," "…and not have fought back, exactly," Fred finished for him. "How long do you think she could have done that?" George let out a defeated breath. "You're probably right," he admitted. "Course I'm right," he said and grinned at him. But George's expression remained sorrowful. "I think Hermione killed her," he finally said and sought out his eyes. "She kind of admitted it." Fred hummed thoughtfully. "I'd have killed her too if I'd stood a chance. And if you are honest with yourself you would have, too. Think about it. What if it had been Hermione in my place? We would have ripped her to shreds." George nodded defeatedly. "But she shouldn't have to do this." "No," Fred agreed. "But she shouldn't feel the need to defend her actions towards us either." "No, she shouldn't," George agreed and suddenly he was back on his feet again. "I need to go back and talk to her," he said and Fred nodded at him encouragingly. "Yeah, but I'll come with you. She'll need the both of us if what you suspect is true." Fred was on his feet just a moment later. And together they went inside to find their witch. They found Hermione at the same spot, where George had left her. She had propped herself up against a pillow and watched them with a careful expression, when they entered the room. George couldn't fault her for her weariness as they hadn't exactly parted on the most comfortable terms. He had more or less fled the room and he could only guess what Hermione's conclusions on that would be. "Hello Mione," Fred greeted her with a wide unconcerned smile and was at her side in an instant. "Feeling better?" She smiled weakly at him. "Quite. I'm still a bit tired though." Fred shrugged. "That's to be expected. From what I gathered by listening in on Madame Pomphrey you seem to suffer a quite severe case of magical exhaustion. Did you speak with her already?" Hermione shook her head at that. "No, but I think she'll be here any minute." And Hermione was right. Just as soon as George had decided to sit down on a chair next to his twin, the witch in question entered the room in company of their former transfiguration professor. Both women looked stern but the warmth in their eyes was not lost on George either. "You all seem to have recovered quite well," the medi-witch said in a pleased tone and positioned herself on the end of Hermione's bed. "As Minerva has just informed me of the circumstances that led to your… condition I must say, that you all have been quite lucky. Except for the quite severe drain of energy there were only minor scrapes and burns. Which is quite remarkable considering the circumtances. " George didn't say anything at that and neither did the others. "If things progress accordingly you'll all be able to return home in the evening. But there is a matter I would like to discuss with you beforehand." Hermione seemed to tense at that and her expression shifted to one of weariness. "Of course." "I checked the three of you over thoroughly and apart from Fred's missing ear there will not be any lasting reminders of your encounter." "Thank Merlin," George said with a relieved exhale, while Fred grinned at him boyishly and said: "Let's see if mum can still tell us apart now. Now that we kind of look like again…" George snorted even though it was true. Of course Fred would find humour in the situation. His mum would throw a fit when she found out about their latest encounter with the crazy Black sister, but Fred would use the situation and play their old role-exchange-game. And George was actually looking forward to it. Minerva got his attention when she cleared her throat nervously. "Be that as it may, but there is another matter of urgency we'd like to discuss with you." At that her eyes turned to Hermione and she looked at her with an almost motherly smile. "The health check that Poppy performed on you Hermione suggests that you'll have to lay low for the foreseeable future." At that Hermione's expression shifted to one of puzzlement. "I assure you that I feel quite alright," she said and to George's bewilderment the professor mouth turned to a gently smile. "I wouldn't expect you not to. I am not talking about you being injured my dear. You are 8 weeks along though." Hermione stared at Minerva with wide eyes but George had problems to contemplate what the witch had been saying. But then it hit him like a bludger. "Hermione's pregnant," he whispered shocked and Fred must have come to the conclusion at the same time. They stared at each other for a long, panicked moment before nodding to each other. Considering their family's birth-history it weren't such surprising news after all. But Hermione seemed to be in total shock, as she just stared wide-eyedly at the two older witches. Madam Pomphrey nodded with a serious expression. "She is indeed. Luckily there is no cause for concern as the little ones seem to be quite well and totally unaffected by you wife's recent… activities." He heard Hermione gasp and as he looked up, she looked white as a sheet. Just then he registered what the medi-witch had said. She had spoken in plural, not just… "Twins?" he wheezed as realization hit him. "Magical twins," Minerva confirmed and slowly stepped towards Hermione. She put her hand encouragingly on her shoulder before continuing in a motherly tone: "It will be alright my dear. I am sure Molly will have a multitude of helpful advice and if you don't overtax yourself in the next months…" She couldn't finish as Hermione's head snapped and she looked at her with firm determination. "No," she said and stared at them stubbornly. The older witch closed her eyes for a moment and sucked in a tired breath. But George stared in his wife in bewilderment. "No?" he asked and before he could think about it, he was on his feet. "What do you mean, no?" Hermione looked at him with fire in her gaze. "I will not bring any children in a world that it ruled by a megalomaniac racist and will be out for their mother's blood," she said and looked at him with a raised chin. He gasped. "You don't mean to tell me that…" His eyes widened in horror. "Hermione, please…" "I am telling you, that I will not stand by idly or lay low as long as this evil bastard is controlling our fate," she stated. "As things stand you will need me to end this nightmare and if you don't want me to fight with a baby bump I say we'll better hurry up." He didn't know what to say as his feelings were in total disarray. But the others didn't seem to fare much better, as none of them uttered a word. Yes, he could see her reasoning but… "You'd endanger the life of our children by entering a fight…" he pointed out and saw his twin nod mutely at his words. But this seemed to agitate Hermione even further. "Their life is already in danger. And it will be as long as we don't end this nightmare. What do you think will happen when the ministry hears of the pregnancy, if he hears? I don't expect them sending flowers. Because I can assure you Bellatrix would never have dared to try trapping me against her master's wishes." His head was spinning as he tried to contemplate their situation. But as his agitation slowly died down one thought remained clear in his head. "I don't want you to fight," he finally said. "I'm sorry. But I can't let you endanger your and the little ones lifes. I just can't…" He saw her look around in the room, from on person to the other and all of them were nodding grimly at his words. At seeing that she took a long breath. "Well, too bad," she said and leaped from the bed before he even contemplated what she was doing. "Because I will not ask you for permission." And with that she stormed off. To say Hermione was agitated would be a vast understatement. There were so many feelings rushing through her now and she kept feeling them all at the same time. She still didn't know how she felt about the duel with Bellatrix and if she was honest with herself she wished she could feel nothing about it at all. But of cause this was a hopeless wish and she knew, that one day she'd have to deal with what she had done. But not today. She'd been totally unprepared for George's inquiries or his disappointment about sending him away from the fight. Seeing the look in his eyes when he left her after their last discussion had been like a slap into the face. As if that hadn't been enough already, there were even more unsettling news to follow. Of course she had considered the possibility of getting pregnant. That's what the stupid law was for after all and Hermione was no idiot. But being faced with the reality of it and the fact that she was carrying magical twins was a shock. Being asked to step down and hide in consequence of being impregnated was only the last blow. It was all too much for her and she needed out. The walls of the small castle were giving her the feeling of being trapped and she almost couldn't breathe… Hermione needed air, immediately. And she didn't want to have to talk to anybody for a while. She needed to think, to sort things out, because she would have to make a decision soon. Without another thought she stormed through the main gate of the building. The sky outside was clouded and it looked, like it was about to rain soon. But Hermione didn't care and flew out of the door and down the little hill, on which McGonagall manor had been placed. Her lungs were burning after only a minute as she wasn't used to the exercise but her mind was already starting to clear. She kept on running until she had reached the end of the slope, where she finally collapsed on her knees and hands and tried to regain her breath. She was gasping for air, when the first rain drops hit her on the back. Maybe she should head back, she thought, but that would mean, that she would have to confront the twins and she simply didn't feel ready for that. Still she pulled herself up in a standing position and clasped her burning sides. Maybe Spinners end would be an option for now. But before she could even finish that thought she suddenly felt a presence right behind her. She tried to grab her wand, but it was too late. A hand clamped over her mouth from behind, while another one was holding her wand arm in a firm grip. And before she could even make an attempt to react, she was pulled into an apparation. "Well, this could have gone better," Fred said wearily after Hermione had pulled the door shut behind her with an air of finality. George sighed next to him and looked toward the two older witches in the room. "I totally messed this up, didn't I?" he asked and McGonagall looked at him with an understanding expression. "Well, maybe a less direct approach might have worked better. But there is no use in fretting over spilled milk." Fred nodded and asked: "Should we go after her?" George shrugged helplessly, whereas his transfiguration professor hummed thoughtfully. "I don't think that would be helpful at the moment, no," she finally said and looked at them with something like pity. "Hermione is a very strong willed woman and I think she'll need some time to calm down, before she will be receptive for alternative idea." Fred nodded. "We should let her calm down and find her later. I must confess I'll need some time myself to wrap my head around the thought of…" "Yeah, me too," George agreed before he was able to finish the sentence. "Merlin, can you imagine being a father?" Fred laughed helplessly. "To magical twins? If they are anything like us…" George groaned. "Merlin help us." They just had finished laughing when a house-elf suddenly appeared in front of them, wringing his hands nervously. "I is sorry to interrupt but… young miss…" Minerva was alert I an instant. "What's the matter Kirly? Is she alright?" At that the elf looked at her with huge, helpless eyes. "I is not knowing, mam. Young miss just disappeared from the grounds and…" "She is gone?" George shouted and was on his feet instantly. "Do you know where she went?" The elf's eyes seemed to go even wider with fear. "No sir. I is sorry, sir." Fred looked at his twin helplessly. "Where could she have gone?" George shook his head in demise. "Dunno. But we need to find out, and soon. Merlin, I hope she is alright." Fred sighed. So did he.
