Meeting their match, a Harry Potter Fanfic Ft, Gellert Grindelwald/Blaise Zabini This is a perhaps behind the scenes of what could've or should've happened in Harry Potter's 7th year at Hogwarts. It contradicts nothing from the books. The OC characters featured are Wolfgang Adler and Blaise Zabini's parents as they were never named in the books. Chapter I: Dumbledore's little army weren't the only ones taking a stand of protest with the Voldemort situation. There were many dark wizards unwilling to be forced into a life of needless murder and insanity by a madman. The leader of the silent dark rebellion was a German half giant by the name of Wolfgang Adler. Unlike Hagrid the man was sophisticated, tall yet well proportioned in a well tailored suit, short red hair and blue eyes. He inspired and interested people, and as his practice was to work under the radar, even those dark wizards who did not wish to take an open stand against Voldemort, felt it safe to work with him. 2 of those were Blaise Zabini's parents and as such he was along for the ride. Term hadn't yet begun at Hogwarts, so though this was a week night he was free for the meeting of around eight or so of London's most powerful Voldemort-Free dark wizards. "Do you know how illegal that is," Severus Snape burst out. "Does it matter," Wolfgang asked calmly, tone reasonable. "Noone is ever going to find out. We will do it here, and to someone who deserves it...And most important of all for the greater good." The half giant snickered in a way that made Blaise give a rare dry smile of appreciation for the punned slogan of Grindelwald back in the day. "I have found someone who is old enough to take his place in Nurmengard so no one will even guess that he has escaped when we free him," Wolfgang explained. Snape almost looked impressed. "Sounds reasonable I suppose," the potions master said carefully. "How did you manage to convince someone to go to prison for life," he asked, arching dark brows at the dignified half giant. "I know many German families, some richer than others. The poor ones work for the rich ones. I simply chose a very poor one with a loving grandfather who felt spending his final days in Nurmengard for the assured wealth of his family a worthy trade. I made sure the family is wealthy and they believe he passed in his sleep as they never would've agreed to sending dear old Grandpa off to prison. In truth the man is becoming senile so I did a kindness to all if you ask me. His family believe he had a secret stash of gold as I managed to have him leave a will. So they never knew the pay off was from me." Wolfgang came from a very wealthy family himself, and he never minded putting that wealth to good use in situations like this, which Blaise respected. "Good thinking," Blaise's mother drawled. "When old people go addled, taking care of them is a literal fright! I once had a friend who's mother went all off there rails, and it nearly killed her dealing with it all!" "The old man is resting in my guest room, ready to take Grindelwald's place tomorrow. Of course I made sure they look similar enough to pass," Wolfgang said. Wolfgang tended to partake in the magical auctions that took place all over Europe, and his most recent acquisition was a very old alchemy scroll with several beyond rare potion recipes on it. Old as in around the time of Salazar Slytherin. The scroll was laden with preservation spells and still yellowed around the edges...So impressively old. Just now Snape held it in his hands, studying the instructions and ingredients for the last potion that was listed. A potion of youth. It may have seemed relatively innocent at first glance, but in order to give one person youth, it had to be taken from another via their life force I.E killing them. To make it matter the person had to be young enough to have enough years to give, so at least middle age. Gellert Grindelwald was old enough to require someone young, which Wolfgang would procure via one of Voldemort's Death Eaters. The plan was to capture a follower of Voldemort's and bring him or here back here to Adler manor where the potion could be made in private, away from prying eyes. Wolfgang planned to torture the victim until they were ready to follow instructions just so the pain would stop. The instruction they would be required to follow was simply to breathe into a vial. As by then Snape would've made the potion itself, the liquid would trap the breath. The Death Eater would die and when Grindelwald drank the potion, he'd become young again. Though the prospect was admittedly fascinating Blaise didn't relish watching anyone die even if they were worthy of such. Meeting Grindelwald was an exciting prospect to say the least, but it could wait at least until the body was cleared out. Blaise planned to set up shop for himself after graduating Hogwarts and traveling a bit. He studied and even made his own enchanted objects so planned to make a name and living for himself doing so. Grindelwald was a very powerful wizard with similar interests, so Blaise was eager to make friends or at least make the attempt. He had few close friends as most people bored him or were too untrust worthy or frequently both.
Chapter 2: Meeting their match, a Harry Potter Fanfic Ft, Gellert Grindelwald/Blaise Zabini This is a perhaps behind the scenes of what could've or should've happened in Harry Potter's 7th year at Hogwarts. It contradicts nothing from the books. The OC characters featured are Wolfgang Adler, Blaise Zabini's parents as they were never named in the books, and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. in this chapter you will see how the man Voldemort killed wasn't Gellert Grindelwald. This was basically given away in chapter I. Chapter 2 The day after the meeting, Gellert Grindelwald was being freed from Nurmengard. Blaise was even allowed to help, if from a distance. The one to free him was to be the Zabini house elf Bramble, and Blaise had made the elf a talisman to wear that would unravel any spells in his vicinity long enough for him to side apparate Grindelwald away. The tower like prison had wards placed upon it similar to Hogwarts, and those never gave elves any trouble at all. Foolish wizards never considered elves a threat so they were overlooked. Bramble was to apparate in with the old man who was to replace Grindelwald in Nurmengard, tell Grindelwald that he was with a friend, and leaving the substitute, apparate Grindelwald away to Wolfgang's manor where he would be filled in on their plan. If he agreed to Wolfgang's terms, he would be given the potion to restore his youth and strength. It would be more difficult for him to be a strong daring fighter against Voldemort, even from behind the scenes, if he remained old and frail from years in prison, after all. The aim of Wolfgang's group of dark wizards was to do their part to take Voldemort down, or at least deplete him of followers by killing them off. Grindelwald was a wizard to be admired and respected. He had skills that could be utilized and perhaps he would even have ideas that Wolfgang and the others had not considered. This group considered themselves renegades, strong enough to fight dark fire with dark fire where Dumbledore's army and the ministry had failed due to nonsensical moral weakness. As Blaise saw it, Grindelwald should fit right in. Fortunately Wolfgang was able to find the ingredients to make the potion and Severus had prepared it. Surprisingly it wasn't one of those potions that had to sit for weeks. It was actually shockingly easy. Shockingly easy to take someone's life to gain youth, which is why it was a good thing that knowledge of the potion was so very obscure. Blaise fleetingly wondered if he would be tempted to use it himself when age began to ache his bones. Eager to meet Grindelwald, yet not wanting to see the chosen Death Eater biting the big one, Blaise decided to distract himself with a bit of book shopping in Knockturn Alley. Because his paranoid parents had forbidden him to go into town alone while Voldemort was ramping things up so, he took Bramble with him. Bramble apparated them, so Blaise did not take himself anywhere. He would never snitch on the elf for helping him, but he considered himself having fully followed his parents orders to the letter, if in a very Slytherin fashion as was befitting a Slytherin. Bramble would apparate away at the appointed time to make the Nurmengard Switch, as their little group had begun to call it, and be back with Blaise in Knockturn Alley in less than 5 minutes. Blaise was examining a book on the lost art of enchantments when Bramble told him that it was time. Nodding distractedly, Blaise promised to remain in the shop until the elf returned. He had intended to do just that but the shop owner announced that he was closing up for lunch and would reopen in an hour. Blaise sighed, and carried the book he was scanning up to the counter along with one on how to remove the magic from enchanted objects. After buying both he carried them outside to wait. He was leaning against the shop front, his attention moving between both of his new books when the strange feeling gripped him, completely draining him of focus. Something was wrong...very wrong...Only was it with him, or...outside of himself? Was he unwell? The feeling was so foreign, he was having difficulty processing. Then the temperature dropped and Blaise came to the conclusion, that as usual the problem wasn't with him. With that in mind the sound of panicked screams coming from up the street weren't that much of a surprise. His first instinct was to apparate home, but then Bramble would come here and look for him, perhaps getting himself hurt or worse. Something bad was happening here, that much was obvious. Then inspiration struck. Whipping his wand from the back pocket of his black summer slacks, Blaise murmured a charm that allowed him to write on the brick wall of the outer shop. The letters should remain for half an hour and fade so there would be no bloody stupid charges for befouling property or anything of the sort. Blaise simply wrote. I went home. Please meet me there. B As he wrote the disconcerting feeling grew stronger then they appeared. As Blaise was finishing his note, shadows seemed to fall around him, making it more difficult to see. Cold hands grasped him as he glanced up to see towering forms in tattered hooded robes. These weren't Death Eaters. They were dementors! Blaise had never seen them but he'd read of them. Idly, through his shock and mild panic, he wondered if dementors were worse than death eaters. Were they less intelligent, perhaps he could trick or defeat them if he managed to avoid being snogged by one of them. Blaise, being an explorer of magic, and in general was rather sexually open if he found a person interesting. Gender didn't always matter though he preferred girls as a rule, but he was drawing the line at dementors. No sir, no snogging dementors for him! Amusing himself through the panic seemed to help. The thoughts had flickered through his mind in less than two seconds. Two of the things had just put their hands on his arms and were shaking him. What was it that got rid of these foul monsters? Ah yes a patronus... Glad to still have his wand out from writing Bramble the note, Blaise opened his mouth to cast his patronus when one of them hissed a question into his ear. "Blaise Zabini! Where is Harry Potter?" "How in the hell should I know and while we're at asking questions how is it that you know my name?" Rather than replying with words one of the things swooped down toward his face, hideous gray scabby skin drawing closer to his own. Again Blaise did not plan to snog dementors, and with that thought in mind he cast his patronus in a near shout. The huge black spider leapt from his wand and the dementors released his arms. He apparated away instantly.
Soulmates A Harry Potter fanfic chapter 3 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Chapter III It started like an ordinary day, in a deep haze. He could still hear the Mara, rattling her chains, compelled to instill fear in her prisoners through carefully constructed nightmares. It was a long accepted irony that he had used the chains to partially bind her to Nurmengard, without limiting her magical talents.. A great achievement on his part, first subverted by Albus, and then reinforced by the hecks from the Ministry of Magic. Just as they did with his Chernobog and Krakonoch, forcing to guard the outer walls of his prison against his escape. Only the Mara has been the most successful of them all. They had resisted her invasion of the mind at first. Him and the four French wizards forming his inner circle were all relatively accomplished in the art of Occlumency. But bit by bit, the Mara filled all of their minds with ephermal visions, beginning to get ever stronger from stealing their memories which formed the core of their personality. Gellert himself was the only survivor now, and even he didn't know how much longer he would last. The Mara wasn't even working that hard anymore. Only playing with his mind, as if she sensed his impending defeat. Even now, she seemed to have instilled in him a hope of escape, presumably to only crush it in a later part of the dream, as she has done many times before. Gellert Grindelwald was aware of her tricks. And still, the sound of a crack caused him to look around, almost wistfully. A house elf stood before him in one of those elf sacks the creatures wore, but this was an odd one as it was black covered in a silver spiderweb pattern. It was too well developed, to be Mara's work. Perhaps, after all these years he could finally be free? His previously hazy mind began working once again, focus and clarity slowly returning. The elf was holding the arm of an old man with a prune like face and wild white hair. Gods was that how he looked? "Mr. Grindelwald, Sir," the elf began. "I have come to take you away if you are willing. All will be explained once we are out of here.. I don't wish to be attacked, however, so have I your permission?" "Of course," the dark wizard hastily agreed, half wondering how the elf was going to breach his prison's defenses. The elf turned to the old man and gave a slight bow. "Thank you for your service, Sir." Then, grasping Gellert's wrist, they apparated away with a crack. The elf's side apparating skills were far better than most wizards, Gellert observed. He didn't even feel ill or dizzy. They stood in the center of a grand library. "Welcome to Adler Manor, Mr. Grindelwald," the elf said. "Bramble will now leave Mr. Grindelwald in the capable hands of his host and the mastermind behind the plan to free Mr. Grindelwald. Bramble must attend his master. He is sure he will be seeing Mr. Grindelwald again soon." The elf then turned to Wolfgang and Gellert found himself doing the same, curious as to who had done this for him and why. Vaguely he found himself wondering what year it was. His benefactor sat in a large dark armchair. He was a tall wide shouldered man. Gellert could tell this even from his seated position. He had short neatly cut blonde hair and intelligent looking blue eyes in a cleanly shaven face. His features spoke of good breeding and his suit was well tailored. "Bramble carried out the task with no hitches. The charm Master Blaise made for him seems to have disenchanted anything near by so even if they are somehow keeping a magical watch out, nothing should be seen," the elf told Wolfgang. Then with a nod of farewell the elf apparated away. "Do have a seat, Mr. Grindelwald," the man, Wolfgang, at last spoke. His accent was German. A fellow countryman, Gellert thought. "A new threat is looming large, the likes of which the world has never seen. Your successor as a Dark Lord, called Lord Voldemort is even less scrupulous than yourself. His goals are intolerably extreme. He does not only remove opposition to his cause, he destroys it, and tortures it. The Ministry makes every effort to recruit good people, research the menace, fight against the threat, but...they are the Ministry. Their best efforts are not nearly enough. You better than most know what that means, Mr Grindelwald," Wolfgang solemnly explained. "I have gathered a group of friends, to fight against the new threat in somewhat unconventional ways. We are not as soft, nor as aggressive as some of the Ministry's officials. We fight from the shadows and could use a man of your skills to fight alongside us. I know, I know, you are just out of prison, and do not feel at your best...that can be remedied. We have a potion to restore your youth and vitality both, and in return ask that you'd your very best to help us. But Mr Grindelwald...you were used to working alone, and will now be a part of the team. Should you decide to take over, to betray us to your fellow Dark Lord, the privilege of the potion can be undone. And you can, and will be crushed. I don't even need any help on that matter, being a half giant, but I do have allies everywhere. At the very least, any transgression would put you back where you started, to spend your best years rotting in prison. Do I make myself perfectly clear," Wolfgang Adler ominously wondered. Regarding him thoughtfully for a few seconds, Grindelwald carefully considered his options. He did not know if he trusted this Adler person. In his better days he might have taken him on, just to make a point, and then taken over his organization. But he has been out of comission for so very long, and was tired of fighting. A new start tatntalized him. The possibility of freedom, that always evaded him, was finally real. This was not a dream, and he could not afford to pass on the chance to truly live again. "I'm in, whatever this Voldemort of yours has, I can likely match, and I'd never refuse a good duel or two," Gellert declared with a hint of his former arrogance.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 4. All characters belong to JKR other than Sabra and Geo Zabini, Blaise's parents, and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Chapter IV Blaise dashed inside, heart racing as he darted to the large web shaped wall clock in the sitting room. Bramble had about 3 more minutes before he would return to meet him in Knockturn alley. If in a minute after that the elf hadn't come home, Blaise supposed he would have to go back and look for him. Hopefully the dementors would've shoved off by then. "What ever is the matter with you?"" Blaise's father asked, lowering the news paper he was reading with a rustling of pages. Blaise turned to the short muscular Italian and took a deep breath. "Um...I sort of sneaked out to book shop and dementors decided to visit Knockturn alley for whatever reason and they laid hands on me before I could escape. They asked me where stupid Harry Potter was for some reason as if I'd bloody know," he sneered. "And they knew my name," he ended carefully. "Again for some reason that I don't know." "They knew what," his father thundered. Somehow from the tone and glowering rageful expression, Blaise concluded that his father didn't need his words repeated. As Geo Zabini continued to shout, his Italian accent became thicker. "Did your mother and I not work obsessively to keep us all safe? Using my metamorphing abilities to keep everyone thinking she was marrying different men and killing all her husbands? Didn't we sacrifice for you?" Blaise struggled not to sigh, knowing where this was going...and for how long. At least a good five minutes. "Didn't we do everything we could to appear dark enough to be ignored by the dark lord and not seen as a threat? And did you appreciate any of that enough to even stay bloody home when such was requested?!" Blaise opened his mouth to protest that he had gone with Bramble so should be safe. But he didn't say that. He didn't say that he was tired of being kept in a box all summer because of stupid Voldemort either. He merely opened his mouth, became wise, and shut it again. His mother entered the room then, wearing a black dress of flowing summer silk. Her face was pinched into an expression that said clearer than words that she'd heard their conversation. "Tell us everything from beginning to end. No summarizing," Sabra Zabini bit out. And he did. As he spoke, the anger momentarily faded from his mother's youthful features and her face became thoughtful then excited. "You didn't become too depressed to act! You handled the situation brilliantly! Good boy. Granted you are still in a heap of trouble but you did do well and Mummy is proud!" Blaise blinked. "Depressed? No I don't suppose I was. I was busy. I was unsettled when I felt the change of their presence but not depressed." People were supposed to be extremely depressed around dementors to the point they couldn't recall a single happy incident in their whole lives. He had been distracted with his new books, but could that have been enough? Likely not. "That is amazing! It would've still been brilliant if you'd struggled through the depression but you didn't even feel it somehow," Sabra gushed. "I suppose I felt unsettled," Blaise said. "Well that's still not depressed. It's amazing. You are a brilliant boy." His father looked mildly impressed but not nearly as much as his mother so Blaise doubted it would do him any good. "But how did they recognize him, Geo," his mother demanded of his father, worry returning to her face to pinch her features. "I don't feel safe," she concluded. "I don't feel that he is safe." Her blue eyes became nearly wild with panic as she gazed at his father. "Those creatures have never been known to recognize people and they don't need to start with my boy!" "What if the dark lord heard of him through the Malfoys," Geo asked. "We did tell him to be polite to Draco to stay on the right end of not being in his radar. Though that should have nothing to do with Potter," he concluded doubtfully. Being polite to Malfoy had been nearly impossible and had it not been a direct parental order, Blaise likely wouldn't have. He was boring and stupid and a git who thought he was way better than he actually was. And he looked like a rodent. "That's it. We're going to Hogwarts. It's the safest place right now,"Sabra decided. "Everyone go pack. Where is Bramble?" Hogwarts? Before term began? Blaise opened his mouth to violently protest when Bramble apparated in. "Bramble got Master Blaise's message on the outside of the shop. What happened," the elf asked, then his face fell when he registered Blaise's parents. Blaise sighed as his mother recounted the dementor encounter before he could do so. "And don't believe for a minute that you aren't in for it for taking him," Sabra told the elf. "We didn't order you not to, but you know when we give him an order you aren't to help him out of it." "But he makes Bramble," the elf protested, shooting Blaise a dark look of resentment. Sabra only glared. "Go and pack for Hogwarts, the both of you," she said briskly. "I don't want to go to Hogwarts," Blaise protested. He was feeling the depression set in even though the dementors were gone. The thought of being stuck in Hogwarts during the last month of summer, such a rubbish school compared to the likes of Durmstrang, could do that to one.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 5. All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Chapter 5 Millicent Bulstrode let herself into Adler manor with the key Wolfgang had given her. They'd only been together a month and a half but it had gotten serious fast. She still couldn't believe the dashing handsome half giant wanted her. He wasn't big and squat like stupid Hagrid either, he was tall and medium of build, wide shoulders, neatly tailored clothes, well groomed and just hot, hot, hot! She gave a dreamy sigh, touching her long dark hair to make sure it remained in place. She'd put fancy Victorian hair combs into the sides to sweep it off of her face. They were her mother's combs and Ali Bulstrode had shown her how to use them recently. Thus far they'd remained in place! Doing girlie things like using hair combs wasn't something Millicent generally had any part of. It would totally screw up her carefully crafted dumb act if she looked too good. She didn't want to be noticed but when she tried, she was really pretty. Tall, like an Amazon, she had a strong build but she wasn't overweight and her curves were definitely feminine. This showed if she didn't wear loose baggy clothes and today she wore a flowing form fitting green summer dress. It looked great with the ornate gold combs in her dark hair and the emerald and gold necklace Wolfgang had given her. Hurrying down the hall she paused with her hand on the door of the library before opening it. "It's me," she called. "They just went to work so I came right over." She spoke of her parents who, though they worked with Wolfgang, and had met him and learned of his strikes against Voldemort through her, felt the couple was moving too fast and tried to keep Millicent at home more. They worked long hours at the ministry so she could generally do what she liked without them knowing. Opening the door she strolled in to see Grindelwald already sitting there. Damn, Bramble was fast and she'd missed the arrival. She studied him, thinking for an old guy he seemed well preserved. He was thin, but his blue eyes were clear and his mind appeared sharp. Yeah he could still be dangerous, Millicent decided. His long white hair could use a comb and he could probably do with a bath or three. She would've offered him all that but she figured he should take the potion first and at least she hadn't missed that. Smirking she remembered how hard Snape had bitched about the illegal youthening potion last night. The it was so scared he'd go to Azkaban for making such an illegal thing for whatever reason were he found out. Mainly because the Ministry were even Bigger Gits than Snape. He was overly nice to all Slytherins save for Millicent herself whom he believed to be stupid and so an embarrassment to his house. He didn't even seem to dislike Crabb and Goyle, who definitely weren't faking their stupidity, so why her? Even when he found out she was faking it to keep under the Voldemort radar, he was no nicer to her. She believed her dumb act allowed her anonymity+ people said a lot around someone they believed to be stupid. It could be very useful. It was alright, though, because she'd decided not to return to Hogwarts for her 7th year. Shit was getting too real. Wolfgang had asked her to marry him and she was going to then he'd live here. Her parents would adjust. He was older than she, but they didn't mind that. He was 28 to her 17, but she was of age and they did like him and respect what he was doing. They just thought the couple was moving too fast but Millicent didn't care. Before Wolfgang or Grindelwald could respond to her entrance, a howler arrived for Wolfgang from the it himself as though Millicent thinking well deserved snarky thoughts of Snape had summoned him somehow. She listened along with the others as his voice filled the room, though. "We're having a meeting at Hogwarts and you're needed. After Grindelwald gets the potion, bring him along. He can eat here. We will meet in the great hall in half an hour but feel free to arrive early."
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 6 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Gellert Grindelwald shrank away from the loud red missive, its volume reminding him of his long years in prison and the never ending shrieks of the Krakonoch. He was so relieved when the message in the howler done, and the half giant turned his gaze onto him once more, this time with a friendly smile. "As usual, Severus Snape has the impeccable timing, must be the precision required of brewing his potions. Ah, pardon my manners, you have nothing to worry about. This lovely stranger you have observed is my very own Lady Love, Millicent Bulstrode. As you shall see, she has quite a few uncanny abilities of her own and will keep your secrets as safely as her own," Wolfgang quickly reassured the dark wizard, noticing the uncertainty in his tired blue eye. "Here you go then, drink up," Wolfgang offered and Gellert greedily reached for the vial, draining every last drop of the precious liquid. "Now what," Grindelwald wondered, feeling uncomfortably under the combined scrutiny of his new allies. Touching his face for confirmation, he thought he had detected some changes in his skin, his hand feeling less wrinkles, unless of course it was all part of his imagination. "Remarkable indeed, what a marvelous spell," Wolfgang commented with satisfaction, offering a small ornate mirror to the dark wizard. Clutching at it, Gellert had to smile at his own visage. His skin softened, the wrinkles began gradually vanishing, his hair changed from platinum blonde to golden yellow. He was no longer old and getting younger by the minute. "It worked!" Gellert exclaimed excitedly and unnecessarily repeated the words, sharing his joy with the two strangers. "It really worked! I am young again, I can start all over again," the dark wizard rejoiced, relieved that his hopes fully materialized. "Very good, we better get ready then. I prefer to show up at the meeting earlier than later, makes me feel more in control, " Wolfgang admitted. "Millicent dear, am I forgetting anything, is there anything else we need in the way of preparation," the half giant inquired distractedly. Millicent was distractedly frowning at Grindelwald. watching him get younger had been interesting for a minute. She supposed. Idly she wondered if she and Wolfgang would want such a potion when they were older or if her parents would. But right now her concern was on the fact Grindelwald's comment about starting all over nagged at her mind and worried her. Strolling right up to the great former dark lord, she tilted her head down to stare into his eyes. He was a little above average height and she was a bit more than that so she enjoyed looking down at him. "What do you mean by starting all over again," she asked darkly. Idly she wondered if Blaise and the other few friends she trusted enough to be honest with would be impressed that she dared to bully the Great Grindelwald. "Because though everyone in our little network are all dark wizards, we're not feeling you pulling your old shit again. We're not in the market for another dark lord after Voldemort and we're all independent. Not into being told what to do. So if you think to screw us over or start up your old crusades, don't. We have vampires with magic ready to tear your throat out if you misstep." She tossed her hair back, then hoped one of the damn combs didn't fall out, thus ruining the effect. She so wasn't used to being girly! "Oh no, no in the least, I meant to start my life all anew, not my quest for search domination. That part is definitelt over. I am done with all of that," Grindelwald muttered apologetically to Millicent's thoughtful nod of acceptance. "As I was telling your...partner here, I can be a team player. I know I did not do so well the first time around. This time, I am not only young again, I am also wiser due to my unfortunate experiences. Rest assured, I meant nothing by it," the dark wizard elaborated, almost terrified of having to go back into captivity. "Glad we settled all of that," Wolfgang Adler charmingly smiled. "We wouldn't want any misunderstanding to befall us during the meeting. Speaking of which, I believe it is time for us to get to Hogwarts," the half giant suddenly announced and reached for his owl headed bronze portkey.
Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 7 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Blaise was a mix of angry and embarrassed to be the center of a bloody meeting. Not everyone was present because some were still at work, but the staff table at Hogwarts was full of enough people he knew to cause him discomfort. Kereston Boxwood, a small blonde with sausage curls and casual clothes hurried to sit beside him. Like he and Millie she had met Wolfgang while all three were out book shopping in Knockturn Alley and like them she had brought her parents into Adler's little circle of dark wizards. Actually before meeting the 3 of them, Adler was working alone, so they were basically responsible for his circle of wizards. It consisted of a few school friends and their parents of like minds and then later some few Hogwarts professors and other ministry workers that Kereston's or Millie's parents felt could be trusted as well as useful. "I'm so sorry I didn't go out with you today," Kereston exclaimed, gray-blue eyes woeful as they looked into Blaise's own. "I just wanted to finish my work on that assignment and...I didn't think anything would happen with Bramble there! I feel awful!" Kereston, a former Slytherin, had just recently graduated this past year from Hogwarts and was taking continuing education units before beginning work at the ministry. "It's alright," Blaise told her. "Really." Kereston shook her head. "No. We always said going out in a group was the safest way!" "Well fuck!The dementors would've still been there group or not," Blaise said with a shrug. "I know but maybe we could've gotten away faster," Kereston said feebly. "Or maybe not. Who knows, and I'm bloody fine," Blaise said, sighing in exasperation. "Alright," Kereston relented. "But I'm still going next time, and I'll drag Millie too." "Do not fucking call me Millie," Millicent snarled, announcing her presence in her usual gentle loving way. Blaise smirked as he looked up to greet Bulstrode, but his eyes fell on who had to be Gellert Grindelwald first. He wore tattered robes and looked overly thin, but was young with aristocratic sharp features that were nearly delicate. Blaise studied him with open interest. He had no idea that his face could form a warm friendly smile until that moment, but he was smiling at Grindelwald with no effort what so ever. "I'd say welcome to Hogwarts, but no one in their bloody right mind wants to be here," he told the other young man as if sharing a secret or a joke or both. Rising he extended a hand. "Blaise Zabini. And you have to be Gellert Grindelwald. Welcome to life out of hell." For Nurmengard could only have been that. It didn't take an expert to surmise as much. "Have a seat," he invited, pulling out the chair to his other side, causing Millicent to scowl as she had obviously planned to sit there. "The food is actually decent, and I can imagine you're starved," Blaise said, ignoring Millie. With a huff, Millicent moved to sit to Kereston's other side, tugging Wolfgang by the arm to follow and take the chair to her other side. Bending her dark head, Millicent murmured something to Kereston. Blaise would've normally been curious as to what and wanting in on the conversation but just now he could care less.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 8 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Gellert Grindelwald was fine with the Forest where he initially found himself, before being transported by Wolfgang straight into the Great Hall. The meeting was a different matter. Even the few people around started pressing on him, overwhelming him in the most unusual of ways. He was not used to having this problem. Surrounded by his bubble of superiority, and driven by his determination, he had been quite comfortable talking to the masses. Making speeches, convincing them, retorting to the doubters when need be, formulating his ideas with utter precision to make his plans sound very logical. Nurmengard changed all of that. He was alone for too long. Tormented for longer still, he started seeing threats even where none were directly issued. The half giant's gestures seemed dangerous to him, his partner's whispered words, ominous. A part of him started expecting some hurt, even if his rational mind could not quite articulate the nature of it. The young man who approached him was the sole exception. His manners seemed genuine, and that allowed the former dark lord a measure of comfort. He focused on the young wizard, and found himself to be calmer. "It is that obvious then? Yes, I am Grindelwald, " he openly admitted with a hesitant smile, accepting the youth's invitation to sit down by his side. He knew he should have uttered some kind of nicety that could be expected of him, but could not bring himself to speak it, his resources still sadly lacking. "Indeed? And what kind of a meal can one expect then?" Gellert shyly wondered, his question making him feel a bit stronger. Being able to participate in this meeting, in this conversation even, without the fear of reprisal, turned out to be the medicine he needed to get better. "Did I hear something about you and...Dementors?" Gellert finally wondered, his curiosity making him feel bolder still to venture a question.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 9 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Blaise smiled when Grindelwald expressed some slight surprise that he knew who he was. "I was there when the plan was hatched to free you a week or so ago. It was inspired by a few things, first the discovery of the youthening potion in an old scroll Wolfgang won in a wizarding auction. He goes to those a lot,"' Blaise stated with a look of approval in the stylish half giant's direction before turning his attentive gaze back to Grindelwald. "It's a bit too socially involved for me, so it's nice that he's willing as he always brings back something interesting. In our little group we tend to share items of interest to a degree." Was he babbling, Blaise idly wondered. Well Grindelwald had asked, and his expression was interested so he continued speaking. He was simply too accustomed to people babbling on and never noticing or caring if the other people around were in the least interested. Blaise didn't want to be one of those sorts he so disliked in any way, was all. "The other factor in the plan we hatched to free you was Voldemort and the lack of progress made by the Ministry to handle him." "For real," Kereston chimed in with a vigorous nod. "I'm Kereston Boxwood, by the way," she told Grindelwald with a friendly smile. "I'm studying to work at the Ministry myself. I plan to have a career in politics that will put me in the Minister's seat some day and let me tell you when I am people are going to die!" Blaise couldn't help an amused chuckle at that, knowing how maniacal it had to sound. "I mean people who deserve to die," Kereston explained hastily with a little laugh. "People who have done enough bad to be a danger in general are not going to be locked up where they can simply escape later. They are going to die so they can't cause anymore trouble ever again. It's only logical and I never understood why the Ministry is so bloody unnecessarily soft." Kereston was a good friend, smart, level headed, dark enough to be interesting, but at times, very well most of the time, never shut up. She could talk and talk and talk. Usually the little blonde was saying something worth hearing, but still, she could talk more than anyone else Blaise had ever known or even heard of. "So were you Minister in my day, I'd not be here now I suppose," Grindelwald stated, giving a faint yet controlled smile of amusement. Blaise found himself noticing the other man's voice. It held a light German accent as could be expected and was slightly husky with an airy sort of breathy quality that somehow made one strain to listen. It was pleasantly riveting. Kereston hesitated for a moment, looking a bit put off so that Blaise chuckled again. Had anyone ever managed to shut Kereston up even for a moment? "Well..."And she was off again! "No, probably not. I'd try to rehabilitate you because while you were, in essence wrong, I see where you started, honestly, and I do believe you meant well. Voldemort..." she shuddered. "He's just evil. Sick, twisted, evil, crazy. You were just fighting an impossible fight because there are too many Muggles. There were then and there are many more now because they breed like rabbits! It's insane! I don't hate them particularly or anything, but I do see where you were. I don't see why you didn't work on sterilizing them first to winnow it down, though," she added with a thoughtful frown. Glad that Kereston hadn't put her foot into her mouth or professed to wanting to kill Grindelwald, Blaise allowed himself a small silent sigh of relief before turning his attention fully back to the man in question. "Back to your release from Nurmengard, though, as I said I was there for the entire plan to free you and it was I who made my elf the charm he wore that unraveled anything magic in his vaccinate. Elves can apparate around wards, but in case other spells were placed to hold you, I wanted to keep those at bay at least temporarily. I'm an enchanter. It's my main interest I suppose," he said, half proud as he usually was, and half embarrassed because...he was bragging to and hoping to impress Grindelwald! Perhaps the other wouldn't find the charm a big deal for all he knew. "And finally for the food. It's very good, the Hogwarts elves make very good roast chicken, grilled salmon, nice hearty stews..." "I'll go tell them we're ready for food now. I'm sure you'd like to eat," Kereston said, rising, then pausing she grinned over her shoulder. "You owe me one. I am probably about to annoy some house elves who like to do things their way," she concluded cheerfully before hurrying off. "She's a good egg," Blaise told Grindelwald with a smile. "We sort of grew up together as our parents are friends. My Mum went to school here with both of hers." Thoughts of his mother brought him to Grindelwald's final question and he drew in a deep breath. "Yeah, the dementor thing...It's stupid really, but my insane parents are going to make me tell everyone about it shortly which shall be the second time I've done today so you'll hear about it then." His gaze moved, in some trepidation, across the room to his parents who were standing in front of a glowering Severus Snape and speaking animatedly. Snape was in charge here now, which is why they held the meeting here. He was the new headmaster of Hogwarts, and as unhappy as some students may be about that who richly disliked him, none were more displeased about the turn of events than Snape himself.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 10 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Gellert knew he would have once agreed with Blaise's assessment about Wolfgang. Talented people with curious hobbies were not easy to find, and he was the first to appreciate capable wizards. But things may have changed for him. He could still appreciate his retrieval from prison, with the half giant's apparent participation. But the subsequent threats issued by Adler himself as well as his damsel who clearly made the habit of distressing others, left a sour taste in his mind. Adler and Bulstrode clearly made a horribly good match. He could understand caution better than most, but did not see a reason for threats he has not earned with his actions. They just didn't sit well with him, though he resolved to keep his thoughts to himself. Blaise and Kereston seemed like truly nice wizards, but their loyalty to their friends might make them less objective on the matter, and Gellert refused to be the one to open their eyes to the truth. He still was not sufficiently comfortable in voicing his own opinions. Luckily Kereston's friendly introduction and openly offered opinions lightened his mood, making him smile despite his grim contemplation of the vulgar couple. She was so fast...he could barely keep up, and think of anything interesting to say when the girl already left. Blaise, naturally, was no less intriguing, "Your enchantment was marvelous indeed. I was telling myself earlier I should thank the man who came up with it, and now here you are...Yes, based on the little I know, something tells me, your parents are not truly insane, and your encounter with the dementors was unusual, I have an instinct for such things," Gellert added with a warm smile.
Soulmates a Grindelwald/Zabini fanfic chapter 11 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood,Magritte Westcraven, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Gellert Grindelwald appreciated his skills with enchantments! Blaise was pleased enough to hope he wasn't puffing up with the pride of it or being too obvious. "It was my pleasure. Honestly when Wolfgang had the idea of using the potion to free you, I felt rather stupid for not thinking of it myself. You were always a wizard I've admired, to be frank." He chuckled. "And until recently I never believed I'd be fortunate enough to have a late lunch with you! Your interest in enchanted objects along with your magical skill is admirable. I don't have many people on my level with whom I can speak on such matters," Blaise admitted unabashedly. He never hid the fact he thought well of himself. Everything he thought was true, after all, so why should he? Blaise could hear Millicent speaking quietly and glanced over to see a tall willowy and pretty red head seated across from her. Magritte Westcraven had been two years ahead of them in school, so graduated at the end of Blaise and Millie's fifth year. Her parents worked at the Ministry with Millie and Kereston's so the 3 were childhood friends but Blaise didn't know her well. Both he and Mag were quiet so never really got a conversation started. She was more interested in magical creatures and books than people, and when she was at Hogwarts, he usually saw her with her face in a book. Even at lunch, she'd read or chat up the Bloody Baron. Currently she was listening to Millicent with a rare look of interest on her face. Their conversation paused when the table suddenly filled with plates of potroast swimming in gravy and surrounded by vegetables and potatoes. It all smelled so wonderful, and caused Blaise to realize how hungry he was. He hadn't even noticed, all things considered. "Kereston did it," he said with a chuckle to Grindelwald. The plates were followed by full cups of hot tea and smaller plates with each holding a small slice of chocolate cake. "I hope this is better than whatever they were giving you at Nurmengard," Blaise said, eagerly lifting his own fork as Kereston hurried back in and took her seat. "Hold on just a moment, young man," Sabra Zabini said, moving purposefully toward Blaise. "We called this meeting to talk about what happened to you today along with all the implications it carries. So you stand up and tell everyone what occurred in Knockturn alley today before you eat, and don't dare leave out a single detail!" Her gaze took in the rest of the table and she gave them a regal nod of greeting. "Go ahead and eat the rest of you." Sighing, Blaise stood, placing his fork back on the plate with an annoyed clatter as he did. "I went book shopping in Knockturn alley. The shop keeper closed for lunch. I waited for Bramble outside so he'd know where I was, as if I went home he'd be looking for me at the shop. He'd gone to free you," he said, nodding to Grindelwald, and giving a slight smile. Somehow having him there made the situation both better and worse at the same time. "I was reading while I waited and began to feel odd in a way I still can't exactly explain. Just in short, like something wasn't right. Then I noticed the temperature drop. It was quite hot out and then in less than a second I was wishing I'd brought along a cloak. In the next second I saw the dementors. They were suddenly everywhere. I didn't want Bramble to come into that looking for me so took a few seconds to write a message to him with my wand on the outside of the shop.I told him to come home, and of course I didn't sign my name, only B. I was ready to apparate home then but they were there, 2 of them grasping my arms. One asked me where Potter was and used my name. I told it I had no idea and asked how it knew my name. It wasn't interested in telling me and tried to snog me instead so I twisted away and apparated out of there. It was disturbing, but Mum thinks it's some big deal that I didn't feel particularly depressed. I don't know it wasn't that long that I was exposed," Blaise said with a shrug. He didn't mind bragging, and knew he was better than most his age at most things, but when it came to this, he felt his mum was making a big deal out of nothing too impressive. "I didn't like the fact they knew my name, though," he admitted, then sat back down and picked up his fork with a pointedly dark look at his mother. Sabra Zabini wasn't interested in relaxing, and began to pace the length of the staff table, her long dress swishing around her in silky folds as she did, her high heals making rapid clicking sounds on the floor as if tapping out a beat. Snape's sallow face wore a frown of concern as he came to sit at Magritte's side, attending to his own plate of food. It was then that Blaise noticed the large white owl on the man's black robed arm. The bird studied the food then hopped down onto the table and began picking at it as well. Snape with a pet was odd. Blaise didn't see him as the pet sort. For his part Blaise had never owned one. When he had to buy one in his first year he'd gotten a tarantula but the thing got away, perhaps because he'd forgotten to feed it. He'd never gotten another. He simply wasn't interested in caring for things. "Sit down and eat, Sweet Heart," Blaise's dad coaxed his Mum. She was reluctant, but allowed him to take her arm and guide her to a seat near the end of the table. "What are we doing about this," Sabra asked Wolfgang pointedly. "We did so much to keep our family safe... To keep my baby safe and dementors know his name! How? Why?" "Probably Voldemort, but the why is yet a mystery," Snape said dryly in-between bites of pot roast. "I told you that you can all remain here while we get it sorted. If I hear anything, of course I'll do what I can to divert interest," he concluded, obviously referring to his under cover work among Voldemort's followers. "We have to stay here? I am to stay here in this stupid second rate school even during the summer? This is hell," Blaise exploded.
Meeting their Match: Grindelwald/Zabini Fanfic Chapter 12 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood,Magritte Westcraven, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. "Oh, thank you, I didn't realize," Gellert started, abashed. He should have been used to compliments. Showered with accolades at Durmstrang, before he was expelled for political reasons. Admired by noble witches and wizards for his charm and skills, he never had any problems with self esteem. But captivity may have taken its toll on him. It could be equally likely that this specific compliment, from this young man meant more to him than other compiments in the past. If he thought about it, he could not have guessed why. The young Zabini was pleasant enough, and friendly, his confidence did not hurt either. But he barely got to know the wizard. And yet there was something about him. Perhaps Gellert could sense more achievements in Blaise's future, he just could not decide. Only that he found this exchange between them...most comforting somehow. "She did? She knows cooking spells,,,oh right, you meant she talked to the elves, I see. Yes, you have a resourceful young woman as your friend. Most impressive," Gellert sincerely complimented, very pleased with the prospects of a pot roast meal. "It surely has to be better than Nurmengard. Possibly the worst testament I can make in regards to their meals is that I barely remember them. Though perhaps this is unfair of me. I must admit to being a little out of my mind as the time progressed. You see, there was this creature in Nurmengard, called the Mara. She kept feasting on my memories, getting stronger as I grew more forgetful. I think we wre fed some mush, day after day, but cannot swear to you. My memory is better of the days before captivity now, but the interim is just as hazy still. That Mara did a number on me," Grindelwald admitted. He found himself almost sounding proud, like a father speaking of the child's achievements. He had summoned her to guard the prison walls after all, bound her with intricate charms woven into her chains. He had coerced her magical abilities, until somebody else in the Ministry turned them against him. It was ironic, odd, and almost made him lose himself in the stream of self pitying memories, until some witch encouraged Blaise to tell his story. Looking up with avid interest, Grindelwald began to listen. Blaise's story was impressive. Evading the Dementor's touch, that was...brilliant, unprecedented, unheard of. That in itself would have been enough for him to appreciate the young Zabini even more, but his appreciation took a different turn than he'd anticipated. He found himself getting embarrassed at Blaise's nod of recognition at him. If somebody just then asked him what was the matter with him, and why he was blushing, Gellert would not even know how to explain his strange responses to the man he's just encountered. Carefully considering Sabra's question, Wolfgang Adler knew that she now spoke for more than just herself. He had to show his aptitude to handle the problem. Unfortunately, despite all of his ingenuity, he could not come up with anything truly impressive. There were natural calamities, there was Voldemort, and there were the Dementors, all things he could not truly hope to control, despite the dire need to do so. That was the main reason he chose to strike out of the shadows, rather than confronting his enemies face to face. "The Dementors either questioned somebody knowledgeable about Hogwarts in the hopes it could bring them closer to Potter, or else, like Severus said, the Death Eaters could be responsible. As for the other part of the question, I have encountered and adapted some Muggle ways to induce euphoria..." the half giant responded thoughtfully, with a hopeful look at Millicent who seemed to him like an expert on all things Muggle and might support his statement with something she genuinely knew. "We shall hide behind the multi layered walls of Hogwarts. Should the Dementors come, we'd be ready to get happy with a spell, and then, hopefully, they shall depart as they would have nothing else to gain," Wolfgang suggested. The idea being so new, he could not fully anticipate how well it would be received.
Chapter 13, Meeting their match, a Grindelwald/Zabini fan fiction All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood,Magritte Westcraven, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Chapter 13: "Really? We're gonna get high to evade dementors," Millicent asked, then gave a gleeful laugh. "I fucking love it!" "Millicent, Language! Just because your parents aren't here to hear that potty mouth doesn't mean I won't be telling them about it," Sabra Zabini snapped. "Sorry," Millicent murmured, ducking her head so that her long dark hair fell over her face in that old characteristic way she used to hide. Blaise just bet she was still smiling under that curtain of black hair, though. "I think he meant a gleefulness charm or something," Kereston told Millicent with a roll of her eyes. "It's a cool thought," she added to Wolfgang, "But I think dementors could still eventually eat through that. I think the patronus is the best thing, but if we could figure out a way to kill the horrid things, that would be awesome!" "I'd certainly like to feel euphoric if I am to be stuck here, but apparently the dementors aren't a huge problem where I'm concerned," he murmured to Gellert, then took another bite of pot roast. He decided to attempt pursuing a conversation with Grindelwald in hopes they would just be left to it and his mum would settle down and eat her bloody pot roast. "The Mara...Is there only one? I'm sorry you had to deal with that, but at least you seem quite sound if that helps," he told Gellert with a reassuring smile. "Perhaps the charm I made for Bramble that unravels magic around where he is undid whatever the Mara placed on you. I recall reading something once, isn't the Mara where the word Nightmare came from?" Blaise had the urge to touch Gellert's shoulder in comfort or reassurance, but it didn't exactly feel like the right time with so many people about. As Blaise didn't often touch people the urge was one he took note of. His first experience with girls had been last summer with Kereston. Both of them were bored and decided to see if they would enjoy shagging. Each the other's first it was fun and a learning experience that 2 childhood friends who were both suitably attractive could share. Kereston was hot and doing things to her body had been hot, but afterward they'd gotten up and begun talking about books like nothing had happened. Well something had happened but it was done. It was an indication that the two had no interest past friends with benefits. So they were friends with benefits when either of them had the urge. Blaise started shagging other girls last year in school, but unlike Kereston, these girls didn't already have the foundation of being his friend first so he found he wanted no more from them after they'd had their fun. It could become annoying, as such, when they didn't feel the same, opting to obsess over him instead. He made no promises ever. He never led girls on and for some reason 90 percent of them seemed to believe that they had a relationship after shagging and a very deep one at that. As if they'd had some truly earth shattering encounter. That sort of behavior made him want to avoid them even harder the next day. Then there was the 5th year Slytherin guy that put the move on him in May. Blaise had been shocked and nearly flattened the bloke for his trouble, but as he had responded physically, decided to see what it was like with a guy instead. This may seem a stretch to some, but Blaise always tended to push magical limits when considering ways to enchant an object and the things he could make in general. Couple that with the fact he was very easily bored, and it equaled the fact he was apparently into pushing all boundaries for thrills, sexual ones as well. They fooled around a little with no penetration, but Blaise did get off. The guy was the pretty sort and ended up getting as crazy clingy as any girl so he decided to be done with that until the threesome with the French couple the 2nd week of July during summer vacation in Italy. His parents had gone to a spa, and he'd met the French couple in the hotel bar. They were interested in enchanted objects and after a few minutes of conversation, they commissioned him to make a few things for them. They were both young, pretty and after a few drinks all three of them were very interested in going up to the couple's room together. Blaise enjoyed the threesome, then enjoyed the guy again the next morning while his girlfriend had a shower. Then he was done, yet still glad to do business with the couple when it came to enchanted objects any time they liked. "My concern is why the Death Eaters or the Dementors or He who needs to die are taking enough interest in my son to know his name," Sabra said, continuing to pace. Of course she wasn't giving up, Blaise thought with a sigh, though he knew her concern over them knowing his name was a valid one and he didn't like it either. He didn't like feeling frightened and he did which annoyed him to no end. All ice were his emotions and that's how he liked it so this fear and uncertainty made him feel weak. Her voice and expression were growing more and more frustrated. "It makes me wonder what else they know. What if they know I never killed even my first husband much less had 6 others! What if they know this and wonder why we went through so much trouble to blacken our family name," Sabra demanded. Blaise wasn't sure if she was going to explode something or cry, and he didn't relish the prospect of either. "And staying here is a good idea, but if Sabra is right won't us hiding attract notice as well," Geo spoke up, more quietly concerned this time than his wife, but concerned openly nonetheless. "Yes there could be a potential issue either way," Kereston said, frowning. "And as we can't predict what the problem is exactly, we should prepare for all we can. I'm thinking it'd be good if we could all be linked and all be able to get to one another fast in times of danger. Like some sort of group portkey we can activate for all or one individual to draw us to one person or as a group to a particular meeting place. We've got two wizards sitting right here with talents in the art of making magical items, fortunately for us." She smiled at Blaise and Grindelwald. "The two of you can work on something like that together for all of us. We have the entire group together enough so if you need to personalize items to connect all of us you'd have plenty of opportunities. I understand this is no simple matter, but you're safe here while you work on whatever you two can come up with." "That's decent thinking, Boxwood," Snape complimented. The words of praise didn't surprise Blaise for Kereston was in Slytherin house until she'd graduated this year and Snape was generally more decent to Slytherins. That and it was a good idea. He nodded thoughtfully. He turned to Gellert. "If you were planning to stay with Wolfgang, why not remain here? The Slytherin boys dorm where I sleep is plenty big and we're the only ones here now. We'd have plenty of time to work and we can have Mag or Kereston or Wolfgang bring us in anything we need in the way of materials once we decide what we're making. I even picked up 2 books dealing with enchantments today, so we can go over those later. I apparently got myself stuck here to get them so they should be worth something," he concluded darkly. Ironic, he thought, that he was stuck here and had to wonder how the dementors knew his name yet still got to actually work and hang with Grindelwald of all people!
Meeting their match, a Grindelwald/Zabini fan fiction Chapter 14 All characters belong to JKR other than Wolfgang Adler, Kereston Boxwood,Magritte Westcraven, Blaise Zabini's parents and Bramble, the Zabini house elf. Wolfgang thoughtfully nodded at Kereston's explanation. "Yes, good mood seems to be the antidote to their affects. Presumably because the good mood originates from the essential self and they are repelled by magic of essences, as is demonstrated by their fear of the Patronus. I have experimented with other dark creatures, and it seems that certain spells that incorporate the magic of the phoenix reduce their potency. Unfortunately, Dementors are unique, hard to obtain and experiment on, so my results are so far inconclusive. Other Dark creatures appear to be subject to advanced transfiguration, depending on their habitat, but the Dementors might be immune. And yet, I have high hopes that my diffusion spell would interact properly with their composition, making them dissipate like a dark fog. I still have to perfect the diffusion spell though. It involves much preparation and most of those who could perform it, could hold their Patronus for a longer duration of time. The only practical advantage of my spell, is that it can target several Dementors at a time, and would decrease their ability to regenerate afterwards, the way they do after a Patronus. If I am correct, and there is no certainty yet, I may be able to even kill them permanently. All this is highly speculative of course, and should not be tried without a dire need. But I will circulate my notes among our members, because any information which doesn't hurt, could potentially help. any questions so far?" Wolfgang wondered cheerfully, the spell he has been working on infusing a sense of wonder into him. "You are correct," Gellert whispered with approval, trying not to be too loud to interrupt their leader or the woman he had concluded to be Blaise's mother. "The Mara is a kind of a Dark creature and it induces nightmares. Once the wizard's mind is placed inside of it, she is gaining control and could eventually get stronger. I am not being completely accurate with the article "the" of course. The reason for this is that...well, it's probably not that big of a secret," Gellert admitted with a self satisfied smile, "is that I am a little arrogant. You see, Mara often traven in clans. It is rare to find a solitary one in my parts of Germany. I had this idea, again, you might be aware, to build my own prison and to recruit very unique guardians for it. Mara seemed ideal to me. She did not require much in the way of nutrition, upkeep, sacrifices. Basically, a self sustaining unit, that does not ask for payment and enjoys the job. But try as I might, to hunt her, them, down, I kept failing. Their combined efforts would overpower me. They would run away and spread the rumors about me. It took me some time, between different other projects to finally catch one who did not enjoy the support of her clan. After that, I bound her with some magical chains, and she started serving me. Or rather Nurmengard itself, as I eventually discovered to my sorrow. But to make a long story shorter, I started thinking of her as 'The Mara' because she was special. The only one. Most importantly, well, as silly as it sounds, mine." Gellert explained with an embarrassed smile. "Well, the Dementors probably did a lot of questioning to find out what they really needed to know. If Harry Potter is indeed the Chosen one, perhaps their prophecies speak of him destroying them as well. If you ask me, I don't see much difference between their methods and Voldemort's. If it were a contest on who is crueller, I would not be able to name the victor," Wolfgang Adler spoke thoughtfully. "Names are the easiest to find out, the piece of information many sources could confirm. Also from the magical stand point, a Dark creature could use the name...well never mind that right now. Suffice it to say, names are easier found than anything else," the half giant added, making himself stop when he realized he wasn't helping his case. "It can be really simple. They are probably afraid of Potter as much as Voldemort himself is. They are less likely to know about your actions, Sabra, because they wouldn't even think to ask of your name. And nobody who could volunteer such information is here, and was clearly not questioned by the Dementors. They would simply have no way of knowing about you, and no imagination to ask. Dark creatures of every kind are fairly simple and go straight for the target, if you pardon the expression. I don't mean to say your son is actually their target. Only that temporarily, he was far more important to them than you are. Because he is a student at Hogwarts and thus closer to the boy I assume to be their Nemesis. Any more questions? Ah yes, Geo, that is an interesting point. I think I could craft a simulacrum spell, that would let anybody watching us believe we are still inside of our houses. The problem would be to make the simulacrum act properly. So far, I have only managed to craft it doing things automatically and repeatedly for some reason. We can try that out, if evrybody agrees. And those who think they can improve on my spell, please help us out with more ideas, I will be ever so grateful," Wolfgang concluded with a warm smile. "Ah yes, thank you, Kereston, a marvelous addition," Wolfgang seconded Severus. "It's that kind of thinking we need to succeed." The man sounded pleasant enough but Gellert was not buying it. Him and his girl toy both showed him their true faces in private. He may have understood their need to protect themselves, but not the manner in which it was conveyed. The bottom line was, despite everything, he just couldn't trust them yet. Blaise's suggestion cam right on time then. He didn't know what would happen and could expect being forced into the Adler manner. The Slytheryn dorm presented him with an opportunity to recharge instead. "I rather like that. Enchantments, you say, what categories do they cover? Very intriguing either way," Grindelwald happily accepted the offer.
Meeting their match, a Grindelwald/Zabini fan fiction Chapter 15 "Well I'm not so confident that a dementor can't drain the most joyous spell anyone can produce so I like the idea of getting rid of them," Kereston said. "So if they come around, do try that," she encouraged the German half giant that many of the dark wizards not wishing to follow Voldemort had turned to as their leader in destroying him. "They felt pretty solid when they grabbed me, but I'm not certain how physically strong as I did manage to twist away," Blaise told Wolfgang distractedly. He understood that the conversation was important, but not nearly as fascinating as the one he was having with Grindelwald of all people! He, Blaise Zabini was talking to bloody Grindelwald! So forgive him if he just wished everyone around them would bugger off and leave them to it. "I'm not sure what the enchantment books are about yet, as I only had a few minutes to scan them before the dementors showed up and ruined my afternoon," Blaise drawled when Jellert asked about his new books. One is supposedly lost enchantments, the good old stuff if it's not lying or telling me about things I already know, and the other is supposed to instruct one on how to remove enchantments from objects. So if we're working on something and something goes wrong we can remove the magic without wasting the item we were using to put it in. Good goblets and such can get expensive after all." His family had plenty of money but his parents tended to complain if they felt it wasn't spent wisely. "What do the Mara look like," he asked. Not really into magical creatures, these held a momentary dark fascination for him, perhaps because Gellert Grindelwwald had found them useful. When Gellert professed himself o be arrogant, Blaise chuckled. "Well you're in good company, then and don't apologize for it. If we're better wizards with sharper more superior minds than most, we should hardly apologize for that." Sabra looked doubtful at Wolfgang's attempts to calm her. "Just say no one knows," she told him with a frown of exasperation. "The dementors can question Hogwarts students without knowing their names or needing to know them!" "The dark lord has the dementors working for him. Most of them have abandoned Azkaban to serve him, though he's never shared how he pulled that one off," Severus said. "Probably because he has no soul to make unhappy," Mag said with a shudder, and Snape, who sat at her side, nodded in agreement. "He has spoken of having his followers impersonate students to gather information, but he indicated this wouldn't happen until term started at Hogwarts," Severus continued carefully. "If he is pursuing this, he may have learned the names and appearance of each student." "So Wolfgang is correct and it's not my family history he cares about as much as sending one of his to impersonate me once term starts," Blaise said, feeling an unpleasant mix of annoyed and alarmed at all that could imply. "Did he happen to say where the real student is while they're being impersonated? Like dead or anything?" Sabra's eyes widened and Blaise felt almost sorry for scaring his mother but he needed to get to the bottom of any potential shit that could happen to him before it did. "We'll keep you safe," Severus assured, but Blaise wasn't buying anything without a plan. "We're all staying here for now and we aren't solving this tonight,"Sabra surprised both Zabini father and son by making this rational statement in the face of her upset. "We'll sort it, though," she said firmly. Just then Bramble came in with his arms full of clothes. "Bramble has brought some of Master Blaise's things for Gellert Grindelwald to wear until he goes clothes shopping," the elf stated, bowing as best he could with his arms laden with things. "There are other necessities, a comb, and toothbrush and such that Bramble took from one of the Zabini family guest rooms, so those are fresh and new," he added. "Thank you, Bramble, but Gellert is staying here with us, so could you put them in the Slytherin boy's 7th year dorm where he and I will be," Blaise asked and the elf nodded and apparated away with a crack. "Sabra, you and Geo can sleep in the staff wing," Severus said. "I'll get you settled once lunch is over." "Thank you," Sabra said. "Well that was good," Kereston said, pushing her plate away. "I've got a spider to take care of so I'm going home but I'll be back tomorrow," she said, smiling at Grindelwald and Blaise as she stood, giving them a little wave. Blaise waved back. "See you then," he told her, then turned back to Gellert as Millicent and Wolfgang departed as well. "We put together an informational folder on Voldemort and we'll bring it to you tomorrow so you'll know what he's all about," Millicent called over her shoulder to Grindelwald as the two headed out. Blaise felt himself giving a sigh of relief as the place cleared out a bit. Now he and Grindelwald could talk uninterrupted. His parents were leaving with Severus and Mag to get themselves settled in the Hogwarts staff wing, weird as that was, and Blaise's entire focus was on the blonde wizard at his side."So what are the most spectacular enchanted items you've ever made," he asked eagerly. "I'd love to hear about what you can do."
Meeting their match, a Grindelwald/Zabini fan fiction Chapter 16 All the conversations at the Great Hall, all the goings on, began to overwhelm him. Even though he could follow the rationale of some of them, the necessity for others to pitch in, it was all too much for Gellert Grindelwald. Making him very relieved when everybody who could potentially keep on talking, finally left. The silence should have been deafening by contrast, but it made him relax instead. Now he might finally be able to think about Blaise's questions. "How can you deal with so many disruptions? I used to have nerves of steel, but alas, I fear my flexible days might be over. I didn't think I was that changed of a man, but perhaps years of captivity did something. It's ridiculous, but I kept thinking, 'shut up,' 'get out already,' crazy I suppose, right?" Gellert confided with a self deprecating chuckle. "Nonsense," Blaise assured Gellert, reaching to lightly touch the other man's arm in a, rare for him, gesture of encouragement. "You were locked away for over 50 years, with no conversation or true interaction. Of course you were overwhelmed! For me this was a small gathering, but I'm accustomed to this entire great hall being full," he said, sweeping his arm to indicate the entire room with its 5 large tables including the staff table at which they currently sat. "Then again no one is ever here in the summer. Still I don't believe for a minute that you've changed that much or lost your edge. You're too brilliant for that. It's just a matter of adjustment, and you'll do fine. Just give yourself time." He grinned, the expression moving fleetingly across his face. "Though I must admit to wanting them to shut up by the end of it all too." As he'd voiced his frustration, the former Dark Lord was able to refocus his mind on such matters that brought him pleasure. Having someone with whom to speak on the topics he held most dear, his research and magical achievements, was a rare thing indeed and a worthy distraction. "The Mara is always assuming physically appealing roles first. An attractive female to lure male minds and vice versa. We should be above such primitive manipulations, people as advanced as ourselves. But I find that the most primitive notions, when augmented by magic, are the ones most likely to be effective. The provocative image taken by the Mara inside of the dreaming mind seems to establish a very personal contact the one that resonates the most with the dreamer. After the initial contact is established, the Mara changes right away into a shape that might or might not be its truest. It is the shape of a glowing white horse with red mane. I speculate though that it might be its physical reflection of its magical field, and not its true highest form. Some entities, from animals to creatures, to Beings, exhibit a Spirit form, that is not equivalent but isomorphic to Our Patronus form. Well, my Mara at least did not possess a true Spirit form, not even the horse one. Instead she looked the most like a swirl of grey mist. That brings me back by the way to the most interesting item I have enchanted. It wasn't as fancy as the Cloak or the Elder Wand. But it fascinated me to no end. It was a mirror that allowed me to look into the true nature of various beings. From Dark Creatures to Elemental beings, such as the kobolds. My mirror would see over their illusions, over their glamor, over their physical manifestation, and the results were most striking. My poor mirror got confiscated at the end, and one of the Aurors who was responsible for transporting it actually broke it. Not even intentionally, because he was angry at me and mine, that I could have understood. No, he broke it due to...plain incompetence..." Gellert sighed with deep regret, trying to decide if it was time yet to reveal to the young wizard exactly how he constructed his mirror. "If you don't mind me asking, exactly how squeamish are you? I always believed that the results were most crucial, no matter how they would be obtained. At times, according to some opinions, I have went...overboard in my desire to experiment with the unusual. It's only that some spells require quite a unique ingredient, you see. But not everybody agrees with my methods," Grindelwald concluded tentatively, determined to let the young man a chance to respond to his hints of animal cruelty before he revealed too much and ruined the budding friendship. Blaise was about to tell Grindelwald of the spider amulet he'd enchanted for himself for protection, but the man's final words had him putting it off a bit longer no matter how much he wanted to impress. "If you mean the reason you were expelled from Durmstrang I could care less. A particular cow of a trash journalist put it all in a book about Dumbledore in an attempt to blacken his name. Everyone wants to hate someone so people tend to love or hate the man. Either way, whatever you did is too brilliant for the means to matter. Such a mirror...I never even considered something like that...At least not in that way," he said thoughtfully. "Then again I never had a particular use to see more into magical beings, so how you used it would be fascinating to know as well if you're willing to share." He ate slowly as they talked, stretching out the meal and the conversation, allowing himself to relax from the insanely stressful afternoon he had thanks to the dementors, his mum and stupid Potter.
Meeting their match, a Grindelwald/Zabini fan fiction Chapter 17 "I suppose it could be deemed an excuse which served to expel me, not the true reason, because worse things were performed in the halls of Durmstrang. My family, it seems, was at war with the Krums and some other influential families who had access to the school's governing body. I wasn't aware of the hostilities at the time, since my parents were dead. I just minded my own affairs, was even hopeful to get some extra curricular grades, and later on deduced a few things from what my great aunt said. I am glad you don't care though. So many wizards question methods of inquiry, put theoretical considerations of ethics above the practicality of discovery, and I am certainly not one of them. My mirror was perhaps the best reflection of my philosophy. I borrowed some attributes from animals and then bestowed them upon the mirror. And the mirror itself, well, it pursued a specific goal. I didn't just want to see for the sake of seeing. Instead I sought to uncover the mysteries of the various creatures and beings. After all, wizards are often concerned with the final outcome, but not how to create it most efficiently. The mirror allowed me to see which mechanisms were naturally developed in the essential natural of various beings, and then deduce which of those I could reproduce in my charms. The inner workings of many charms became clearer to me, even the non verbal kinds which had their own peculiarities. If only I had more time, but perhaps I have reached the height of my understanding and instinctively knew it, or possibly, was afraid of not being able to progress further. It is harder to say now which of the two options was truer, but the mirror did mean a lot to me while it lasted," Gellert explained, marveling at his willingness to confide in a near stranger. Blaise listened in riveted fascination, eager for Gellert's every word. At last someone on his level to talk enchantments with, and bloody Grindelwald of all people! Bloody hell! "So these essences of animals that you used for the mirror...Were they extracted through blood magic or did you work more with spirit to imbibe the mirror," he asked. "I have in fact found a pleasing combination of the two. A spell that allows me to work blood magic while targeting and incorporating the spirit of the animal," Gellert admitted with a somewhat pleased smile. considering his discovery of the right spell to almost be remarkable. "As for the mirror's loss itself, you could always make another. It could come in handy right now considering all that is going on. I'd be glad to help if I can contribute anything. Just tell me what you'd like to have seen the mirror have that it didn't already. I am always ready to push magical boundaries and explore the possibilities. That's what enchantment is all about, at least for me. Undiscovered magical potential," he said excitedly. "I'm not saying that you need help, only that the strength of two wizards with various skills and ideas can make a good artifact great." The great hall was empty save for the two of them, but Blaise hardly noticed save for finding the general quiet surrounding them a welcome addition. Thoughtfully tilting his head, Grindelwald considered his design, how to implement it and found words hard to formulate, perhaps due to his prolonged captivity. "I need the mirror to serve similarly in principle to a scrying device with some minor deviations. The nature of the creature under investigation should be projected onto its surface, with some classification added either under the image, or on a separate surface still. All of this is but the rough outline of course, the details would also need to be filled in eventually," the dark wizard pleasantly concluded. Blaise was almost annoyed to find his usually methodical mind traveling in several directions at once. The first was that when Gellert Grindelwald tilted his head thoughtfully he looked extremely kissable. Damn! But then there was the possibility of how to implement additions to the mirror and to ad to that an idea he had for upping the defenses here at Hogwarts. "What if we did a practice run of something more basic. If we made a useful artifact for this stupid school, people would be pleased and likely let us alone for longer periods to work on more worthy pursuits. What if we made several scrying mirrors for the staff to use that would allow them to see various areas of the school and its grounds without having to be there. Then it would be more difficult for those who should not be here to infiltrate. The mirrors could be combined with basic defenses. For this mirror as well as the one you want to remake, we can focus on animals to facilitate it who have the sharpest eyes and most flexible habits," he suggested. "To be honest I've never worked with spirit magic at all, but I am fascinated to do so with you if you're willing." It wasn't something he would've considered without Grindelwald's fascinating thoughts on the matter, but he was eager to work with the other wizard, and the idea was challenging and intriguing. It provided another way to test his own developing skills, and for that he was eager. "A great idea, rather," Grindelwald slowly nodded. "It is even possible to enhance the scrying with a magical alarm. A kind of a...Howler, that the Mirror would project when the defenses are breached...It would require refining some details, but could become very handy for advance alert, I think," the dark wizard spoke conversationally, his gaze for some reason captivated by the young man's motions. A hand that moved so decisively, so fluidly, it was intriguing to him, perhaps more than it should have been. "As for blood magic, I"ve only done that with this." Blaise touched the large silver and black onyx spider pendant that hung about his neck. "It's the first enchanted item I ever made. It's layered with several levels of protection," he said, at last able to show off his work to Grindelwald. "It alerts me if someone is using magic on me of any sort. Then it gives a different sort of warning if the magic is dark or harmful. I'm fine with dark magic, obviously, just not used against me," he said with a slight smile. "I've also layered it with detection's that indicate if a magical creature is disguised as a human, or even if a human is cloaked in any sort of magic in my presence. For example if you weren't the real Gellert Grindelwald, it should have given me some sort of sign. I may not know what magic you had on yourself, but I'd know enough to investigate. Those are just a few of the layered protections I put into this thing, there are 6 in all. It took months because I wanted them strong enough not to be over ridden." "Yes, of course, hard effort produces the best results in magic," Gellert eagerly agreed, though for the first time, the dark arts failing to awe him with their premise as they ordinarily did. He must have been exhausted, or the years in prison dulled his curiosity, for the young man in front of him was somehow more fascinating than the spells he was justly proud of. "I like the way you think. I think we would make a magnificent mirror together," Gellert grandly declared, trying to suppress a yawn out of the concern to appear disinterested. He wasn't, entirely. Only the boy was somehow more interesting to him than anything else. Perhaps his lively personality infused Gellert himself with renewed vigor. That had to be it.
Meeting their match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 18 Blaise felt himself flushing in pride filled pleasure at Gellert Grindelwald's complimentary words concerning his idea of scrying defenses for Hogwarts. One of the most brilliant wizards in several generations understood that he was brilliant. Satisfying though it was it was also giddily thrilling at the same time. Blaise was accustomed to compliments, but from lesser minds. This mind certainly wasn't lesser. The pretty blonde head in which it was encapsulated was definitely not bad either to put it mildly. And Blaise never blushed, so he was thankful for his dark complexion and hoped it would allow the flush not to be as obvious. "I can do a howler connection easily," he said enthusiastically. "It would take some time but the concept itself isn't difficult and I am certain I can do it. Perhaps faster with your help. And we could link it to smaller mirrors or other devices that the staff members will keep so that they will be alerted if the alarm is tripped. "No, the charm involved shouldn't be too complicated for somebody with such unusually flexible thinking as yourself," Grindelwald tiredly agreed and though he intended to elaborate, his mind found it hard to focus. Noticing Gellert's attempt not to yawn, Blaise started a little guiltily. He rarely felt guilt if ever, but this was somehow different. The man had just gotten out of over fifty hard years in an unforgiving prison. He needed rest and perhaps a good scrub if he wanted one. "I can show you to the Slytherin dorms where we'll be staying if you'd like to rest," he said, reaching out to briefly place a hand on Gellert's overly thin arm. "We can also use the prefect bathroom because there are no prefects here to stop us," he said with a smile and wink. "It's amazing...With fancy tubs that have the bubbles and the jets and scented soaps and sponges that practically wash you! I shagged a Ravenclaw prefect girl in one last year and let me tell you they are amazing! So if you think a hot soak would help you to rest more thoroughly I'll take you there first or if you just want to rest first, I'll take you to the dorm room directly," he offered. Hell after so long in prison he should have whatever he wanted, Blaise thought, for once thinking of someone else other than himself. "A hot soak sounds promising. Could be the thing to soothe my aching muscles, I wouldn't mind a refreshing drink of some kind either, if that is not too much trouble. I am not fully sure how accessible things are nowadays, with Voldemort's followers apparently all around," Grindelwald admitted with an embarrassed shrug. Blaise shrugged in return, gesture casual and relaxed rather than embarrassed. "What sort of drink do you want? Just hit me with specifics and I'll have Bramble bring it to us in the Slytherin prefect baths. "Well, like I said, I don't know what is fully accessible here, at this time. I suppose, I should start thinking about it as being my time, but I feel like many things may have happened which passed me by. I mean, one would expect that, after the passage of 50 years. Feeling like an outsider, all this usual whiny stuff that I do not wish to feel and would be embarrassed to admit to. T he point I am making, that I am not trying to be difficult. Only, not so sure which items even exist anymore. There were a few interesting variations of butter beer. The Black Forest restaurant in Germany had its butter beer done with a hint of dark chocolate. It was strange at first, but I got used to it after a while. The French one added nutmeg and a dollop of pineapple...You can tell now why I am hesitant to even wonder about those. Such items are fancier than others, and probably are quite rare. Interestingly, whatever else was put into those drinks, had me energized for days. Not in that manic state where I want to try a lot of interesting spells. More like, I am relaxed but feel boundless energy flowing through me. Is it strange? Well of course, it must be. I am sorry, I am probably babbling because I am tired. I, naturally, don't insist on those specifics. In fact I am almost afraid to have somebody send to procure them, only to find them gone. I may not be able to face yet just how much things changed since my time, since my other time. Really any drink with a hint of alcohol would do, don't go out of your way on my account," Gellert finally decided with a shy smile. Blaise, not an overly touchy person on the best of days, felt himself wanting to reassure or comfort or both, sympathizing with Gellert's state of mind at the moment though he could not particularly relate. Just imagining it was unsettling enough, though. "I understand. You will acclimate soon I'm sure and I'm more than glad to be of any help I can," he said, reaching to touch the other man's hand. "For now, lets talk drinks with Bramble. I'm sure he can handle the butter beer situation, or if you wish to have a glass of wine, he could do that too. A pity you didn't have the urge when Wolfgang was here, he can get you anything German you want. We can always mention it to him tomorrow," Blaise concluded then called for his house elf. Bramble appeared before them with a pop, customary slight frown in place as he regarded them. "Bramble put Master Blaise's things along with Gellert Grindelwald's things in the 6th year boy's dorm. He figured Master Blaise was at least familiar with that one having spent last year there." "That's fine, Bramble, and thank you," Blaise said distractedly. "Can you get some sort of dark chocolate butter beer with a bit of energy in it, and if not some wine, please?" Bramble blinked. "Bramble is being challenged," the elf murmured. "Bramble understands." Then he smiled briefly and nodded, intelligent eyes thoughtful as he obviously considered how to make sure the former happened as the later was too simple so must not be the truly desired product. "It's actually something from Germany, but I wondered if you could make something until we can get that ordered. I'm sure Wolfgang has connections in whatever he wants to get from Germany" Blaise told the elf. "Give Bramble half an hour, and he will have it," the elf promised. "Would you mind putting it in the Slytherin prefect's bathroom," Blaise asked and the elf bobbed a nod. "Is there anything else?" Blaise shook his head and the elf vanished with a pop before he could speak. "Well," Blaise said with a shrug and smile at Gellert. "We'll see how that goes, aye? While we wait, I can show you the dorm if you like. You can see the books I faced dementors for," he added with a dry smile. Feeling energetic or even manically so when working on making an enchanted object was oddly tantalizing to Blaise. What sorts of boundaries could that push one to in creative potential?
Meeting their match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 19 Gellert started feeling a mixture of pleasure and discomfort all at once. He has been used to people fussing over him when he was a Dark Lord. When the elite dark wizards he accepted into his inner circle would offer him his due, he would eventually take it for granted. He was in charge, he earned the very best the world had to offer. But as years in prison passed by, he became used to the opposite. Neglect, deprivation, abandonment, at times even starvation. Both of these aspects, excess and lack were now very much parts of him, and made him uncomfortable within himself even as they made him pleased. Blaise of course went out of his way, and that in itself would have been sufficient. The fact that he involved his house elf in this affair, well that almost seemed like too much, despite his unsated craving for the drinks he was going to be provided with. "Do you think Bramble is alright being challenged? I couldn't tell based on his expression alone," Grindelwald wondered dubiously. He could never quite puzzle the mystery of the elves from reading about their history. It lacked coherence. At first the elves almost seemed to be described as larger than life. Then a few centuries later, something made them reduced, and their descriptions became similar to the ones he found later. No account for the change was given, and after a while, Gellert moved on to other interests, leaving the mystery alone. "Oh he's just being Bramble," Blaise shrugged as he rose from the table and gestured casually for Gellert to follow him. "Perhaps he decided it was a test of some sort of his elfish greatness," he chuckled, rolling his eyes. "Who knows. They take a huge amount of pride in their cooking and such for some reason. To a rather obsessive level. Granted Bramble is smarter than many elves. My mum said she chose him because his eyes looked intelligent. Still though elves can do so much magically the household things are what they tend to fixate on the most." He gave a bored shrug to match his tone. Gellert sadly nodded his understanding. He could not remember his parents, they died too suddenly and relatively young, leaving no magical portraits to console him. The only remnant that might have belonged to his early childhood was a drawing of an old elf with sad eyes. His great aunt was nice, but despite being able to recall events in magical history, could not tell him if the elf truly belonged to his family or not. Trying to relate to his past as a child, he'd attempted to find any familiar features on the elven face, and eventually gave up. On the picture, on the elf, on figuring out more about his family. It was all a useless distraction when greater things awaited him. Thinking about the presumed family elf, made him feel stuck inside of himself and the old pain of not relating to other children. Fortunately, Bramble's personality was radically different and did not bring up any sad memories he would have to deal with, which allowed him to move on from the elven enigma and its lure. As Blaise spoke they moved toward the stairs leading to the dungeon where the Slytherin dorms were located. "Mind the stairs, they move," he warned. "I've attempted to study the enchantments put on this staircase but it keeps moving so I can't properly get at all the layers," Blaise complained, frustrated at the mere memory. "That and as I'm never here in the summer save for right now, I haven't truly had enough time to press the matter." Turning into the 6th year boy's dorms he moved to the bags Bramble had stacked beside his old bed and began going through things until he found the two books on enchantments he'd picked up earlier today in Knockturn alley. Seating himself on the bed, he gestured for Gellert to join him as he displayed both books. "The one is supposedly rare enchantment spells, and from the brief glance I got to give it it may be the case." Often books claimed to be rare but their pages truly only held recycled garbage he already knew. "The other is said to instruct on how to disenchant an object. This can come in useful if one makes a mistake in their work and can't use an item or if one wants to disenchant someone else's item so they can't use it, or if one owns an item that has a bothersome enchantment on it. There are many reasons to apply such I'm sure but it is supposed to cover various different levels. Have a look at which ever you like and I'll take the other," he offered generously. It was no bother to him as both were books he'd chosen, obviously because he wished to read them. As he held the two tomes in his hands he couldn't help but think with an unpleasant shiver of the encounter with the dementors earlier. "I like the one that talks about disenchanting. It seems somewhat right up my alley. Different applications, but similar principles. I am already adept at diffusion and dispersion of enchantments, this tome might suggest, however indirectly, even more spells in the same venue. I am very pleased with your choice," Grindelwald commented and began perusing the magical tome. Blaise chuckled. "You yourself are a walking enchantment, but it's wise to study both sides," he quipped. "You can tell me if it's worth the bother," he concluded then eagerly turned to the other book. It had been his first choice in the shop, the one he was most excited by the prospect of reading He wanted to discover lost arts when it came to his preferred craft, but the disenchanting was equally important and useful so he'd chosen it as well. The book shops in Knockturn rarely had anything to truly intrigue him so today had been a fortunate one, dementors aside. Looking up in surprise, Grindelwald half smiled at Blaise's description. "Well, many people would say 'you are too kind' to that but I did feel enough times like magic was flowing through me, like, at my best, I was magic," Gellert easily admitted, getting more serious as a side comment in the disenchantment book drew his attention. "I do enjoy their theories. Especially how instead of interacting with the enchantment itself, they suggest dealing with the area around it. That concept of finding the weakest point from the outside, it is brilliant, though probably not always time efficient. Yes, I think I am going to enjoy it, especially how the material is divided into more basic and more advanced sections. I am the kind of wizard who likes to experiment widely, but learn methodically. It might seem like a contradiction, but works really well for me, " Gellert confided, words spilling out of him effortlessly, as if he has been talking to his best childhood friend. "Well if one isn't methodical, things become scattered, so it makes perfect sense," Blaise replied. "I experiment widely because a confined mind isn't going anywhere, but but being methodical is the only way to truly make progress once you're set into a specific direction." He was looking even more forward to the book with Gellert's summary to go on. "Delicate magic should take time, so I don't mind that aspect. Removing an enchantment, especially a dark and well placed one can be dangerous so slower is better. Yes I think I shall like that book quite a lot," he said with a satisfied smile. Gellert Grindelwald was fascinating. He was everything Blaise expected but surprisingly social and vivacious as well in the most charming of ways that Blaise found difficult...no impossible to resist. "I'm really glad you're here," he said, lightly touching the other man's shoulder. "I didn't exactly wish to be alone today, yet the company of just anyone would've been unbearable. You seem to be just what I needed." And before he lost his courage, Blaise slid his arm around Gellert's back and drew him in for what suddenly turned into the most intense kiss of his life. Gods but the pretty blonde was intoxicating and the feeling of Gellert's slender arms hard around him caused all coherent thoughts to fade.
Meeting their match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 20 All the other moments they shared seemed like part of a dream now. Their conversation about the enchantments, Blaise's expressed happiness over his presence. They all felt so good, but they ended in this. So they had to be a dream. Yet, the touch of Zabini's lips felt very realistic, making Gellert mildly uncomfortable. His mind weighed and rejected several scenarios. From angrily storming out, to calmly expressing his regret at not being gay, Blaise's understanding and willingness to let go all included in this most pleasant of imaginings. But his mind proved to move ahead of his body. It was still dwelling on that forbidden fruit. On that pleasure a heterosexual wizard was not supposed to revel in. His mind informed his body that it was time to do something. Anything really, to make the forbidden act stop. Slightly moving away, Gellert breathlessly declared, as his mind had suggested he should. "I am sorry for the misunderstanding, but I am...not gay. It is not your fault, and your affection was very flattering, and pleasant, but I have never been with a man," Gellert admitted, feeling weak for not sounding more confident as well as for craving more of the same. Prison had to have done something irrevocable to him, Grindelwald sadly decided, afraid of his companion's reaction. Blaise's gaze dropped to the tented robes in Gellert's lap, the other man's interest obvious. He drew in as deep breath, struggling to restrain himself from drawing Gellert back to him. Instead he gave him a lazy smile and shrug. "Well when it comes down to it, neither am I. As I told you earlier I've shagged plenty of girls. Kereston was my first actually. Last summer when we were bored. We grew up together, and it was...like we were both someone for the other to experiment with, you know?" It's just...I've discovered that being an enchanter, pushing the boundaries of magic, leaves me wanting more in all areas. Wanting to explore in all areas. To experience it all." Reaching out he lifted several strands of Gellert's blonde tresses and allowed them to slid through his fingers. "I want very much to experience you. And from your physical reaction to me, it appears you felt the same. so..." he drew Gellert close, running his hands up the other man's back. So pretty he was, yet so cloaked in power. And Blaise wanted more of that...all of it. He could've said that he'd read in Rita Skeeter's trash publication that he was gay with Dumbledore, but right now, thinking about Dumbledore with anyone would've completely ruined the mood. Later. HE could mention that later. "Oh, I see," Gellert slowly nodded, his eyes steadily gazing into Blaise's. The enchanter's peaceful manner accompanied by his thoughtful explanation were a balm to his soul. He did not feel gay. He did not wish to be thought of as gay. But if Blaise understood what he was saying, then his concern may not be as relevant after all. He even knew that his response was strange but could ascribe a number of unintelligible changes in him to 50 years of utter isolation. "Exploration could account for the heat of my passion," he finally agreed, in the attempt to verbally puzzle out his confounded feelings. "You are wise to be flexible in your exploration. I feel I am the same way, the way I approach spells, or people," Grindelwald added, finding reassurance in his own words. "In that case," he suggestively spoke, proceeding to tenderly caress Blaise's hand, to peer into his eyes and to even openly part his lips in anticipation of greater pleasures to come. It may have been a small thing, that defining category of sexuality, but to him meant somehow quite a lot. Now that it was out of the way, he was very ready to proceed. Blaise chuckled, shivering with unrestrained anticipation at the touch of Gellert's hand on his. "Ah and I thought it was my good looks and dazzling personality that had you going. Exploration is just the reason you are comfortable with proceeding...I understand because you and I are so similar. Other than the fact you're brilliant and we have similar interests I had no idea what to expect honestly. But in truth I never connect deeply with anyone. I have friends because I actually like them. Most people are only worthy of my contempt. Kereston, Millie, Wolfgang, they interest me and I like them. But as for a deep connection..." he shrugged. "I never expected it. But you..." He paused, leaning forward to brush his lips lightly across Gellert's. "You I want to connect with...several times on as many levels as possible." He'd never talked about shagging before, never really considered how he felt, but Gellert did enflame him in ways no one ever had. He'd not have said this to the other man had Gellert not expressed himself. Hopefully Blaise had put him at ease, because he certainly had plans for other places he wanted to put him. Drawing him close, he claimed Gellert's mouth again. So beautiful, was his only thought before there was no thinking. "Well, I think of it similarly to exploring the possibilities of an advanced enchantment. It has to have potential for growth, to be challenging, to be somewhat within my capabilities, in others words, it needs to offer quite a lot for me to be interested to explore it. The same holds true for your personality. It does carry a great weight. I am impressed with how well you think and respond. I am impressed with your skills and your interests. Your personality is striking and because of that, it encourages exploration. I think, when personalities are well matched, a connection of the kind you mentioned is all the more likely. .." Gellert suddenly trailed off, finding himself swept by the heat of the passion. For the first time ever he even wanted himself to be quiet, enjoying his own opinion less than the possibility to explore how the physical compatibility matched the mental one. Allowing himself finally to fully embrace the opportunity offered. he began answering each kiss with a zeal of his own. "Enchantments indeed," Blaise managed the words with an effort, hand dropping to the lap of Gellert's robes. His long slender fingers gripped the other man's erection, tantalizing it in a way he enjoyed being touched that he hoped he was improving on. He would give Gellert what he liked to the tenth power. Starting with what felt good and adding until it felt incredible. "And there is a mighty wand I truly wish to work magic with right now." It seemed their clothes slipped off in a haze of touches and kisses, and the thrill of Gellert's warm lithe body against his own made Blaise's breath catch in a way it never had before. "Gods," he breathed against the other man's mouth, arching his body against the length of Gellert's own as they made good use of the bed beneath them. So explosive when they touched each other in ways Blaise felt were so maddeningly, sweetly necessary, and then they were spent in one another's arms. "Don't worry, that's only round one," Blaise said before kissing Gellert a final time and bending for his robes at the side of the bed. Scrounging around for his wand he did a quick scourgify to clean up all traces of round one of incredible chemistry. As soon as they were both ready again, Blaise already had plans for what he wanted next. He wanted to taste the other man's pleasure and experience the same from Gellert in return. That beautiful blonde head of cascading hair between his own dark lean muscular thighs was enough to have his member twitching in response again. "So many things I plan to do to you," he murmured, lips trailing across Gellert's chest as his hand traveled lower. Eventually, this time it took longer, the two were spent again, and for some time unable to move, bodies contorted together in a heap on the narrow dorm bed. Eventually Blaise struggled up enough to reach for the wand that lay on the floor atop his robes and clean the two of them up again. His blue gaze fell on Gellert's own prison robes, tattered and worn. "You'll never have to put those back on," he told the other man grimly, then flicking the wand at them murmured a spell that caused them to burn away to slight ash which he also cleaned away. "My house elf would be proud," he mocked himself lightly with a playful smirk as he settled back onto the bed with Gellert, drawing the other man into his arms and running one hand through his luxurious blonde hair. Another thing he'd never done before. Blaise Zabini never cuddled. But the two clung together so automatically and it was relaxing, natural and oddly comforting. "Alerts to foreign magic, alerts to general magic being used on you, energy shielding, intention detection, that one is rare, avoidance suggestions, very good...But there is a sixth one that I can sense, but can't quite puzzle out," Gellert said. As he spoke, he was toying lazily with the silver and black onyx spider that Blaise wore on a heavy silver chain about his neck, his blonde head snuggled on the pillow near Blaise's shoulder. Grindelwald had listed nearly all the layered protections Blaise had put into the spider to keep himself as safe from being screwed with as possible. His full lips curved in a smile when Gellert was impressed and unable to detect the final charm. "It goes back to the first charm of detection. That one alerts me to a foreign entity. Someone not a wizard, and then the final one gives off flashes of various colored light, each color a representation for what the entity is. Red would indicate a vampire. Silver a werewolf, gray a lethifold, and so on," Blaise explained.
Meeting Their Match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 21 The two lay in each other's arms, cuddled together and talking of magic, enchantments, theories, preferred methods, new methods they wished to try, some together and very soon when working on the mirrors for Hogwarts security. Blaise had never experienced the combination of peace and satisfaction coupled with arousal in his life, and he liked it. He wasn't thinking of dementors knowing his name while seeking info on Potter. He doubted Gellert was thinking of Nurmengard either. When their bodies were ready for round three, Blaise at last looked around for the things Bramble was supposed to have left for them. Two large trunks were apparently his and one smaller one stood beside one of the other beds with Gellert's name written on a tag on top in Bramble's neat hand. "Those are likely clothes and other necessities you'll need until you are able to go shopping for your own things," Blaise said distractedly, rummaging through one of his trunks until he finally came upon the natural skin cream he used. Today he planned to put it to other uses. Natural cream should make for a safe lubrication, after all. And so it did. Rounds three and four entailed the two experiencing one another's most private regions in the most pleasurable of ways. A pity women didn't have the prostate gland, because it turned an orgasm into something akin to meeting one's god. Or perhaps that was just with Gellert. Likely so, Blaise decided, claiming the mouth of the man in question for a final time before they at last sank together into sleep. When he woke in the morning, Blaise lay very still for several moments, watching Gellert sleep. The blonde's arm was thrown casually across Blaise's waist, his long hair spread over the pillow in a way that made Blaise want very much to kiss him awake. For once opting not to be selfish he carefully eased himself from the bed instead. This may be the first night in over fifty years that Gellert Grindelwald had slept comfortably and well, after all. He quietly dressed then drew the small trunk Bramble had packed for Gellert closer to the bed so the other man would be sure to see it when he woke. After combing his hair and glancing in the mirror to assure himself he looked up to his usual standards of perfect, Blaise then headed down stairs for breakfast. Kereston, Millie, Wolfgang, Mag and Severus were already in the great hall eating. "You're looking well," Kereston told him with a smile. She held a baby acromantula on her lap, feeding it cereal. Kereston had gotten the thing from a dark wizarding pet shop in Knockturn alley a few weeks back when shopping with Wolfgang and Millicent who had found a parrot that screamed hexes nearly constantly. They'd named him DarkSpell, a name Blaise supposed was fitting if not particularly creative while Kereston had named her spider Reynaldo which was just flat out weird. Was that supposed to make him seem scary? The thought still made him want to roll his eyes. "Yes, great, actually," Blaise said, unable to keep the wide smile off his face. "Guess what I did last night?" "What," Millicent asked, lowering a fork full of eggs to regard him with anticipatory interest. "Gellert Grindelwald," Blaise nearly crowed. Like any man bragging about a particularly impressive conquest he couldn't resist. When Kereston made a choking sound, Blaise realized two things. Both were very bad. The first was that he'd somehow forgotten in his eager glee to share that along with his friends, Severus Snape also sat at the table. He just wasn't used to being at Hogwarts in the summer, and...shit, he'd just somehow spoken without thinking. Severus's eyes looked as if they'd bug right out of his head, and Mag made a disgusted face. Then the second shoe dropped when the sound of his mother's voice rang out from just behind him. "Good morning everyone," Sabra called out. Please let her not have heard that, Blaise thought, wondering if he could quick come up with a charm that would allow him to sink into the floor of the great hall. Hell on toast! It wasn't that he wasn't of age, it was just that...well hell on toast! He didn't need everyone knowing. Just his few friends. Impressing them was all he'd wanted and now... .toast! "Kereston, one of these days that spider is going to grow big enough to eat you alive," Sabra Zabini said cheerfully as she swept around the table to sit across from Blaise. "How are you, darling," she asked Blaise. Perhaps she'd not heard, Blaise thought hopefully. Snape was bad enough, though. .toast! "Great, Mum. Where's dad?" "Enjoying the Ravenclaw prefect bathroom. He'll be down soon." Remembering how he'd told Gellert he'd shagged a girl in there, Blaise nearly choked. .toast! "Oh no he won't. He's a smart baby," Kereston crooned her reply to Sabra while rubbing the spider's furry back as it kicked its legs in what appeared to be pleasure. "He doesn't eat people," Kereston went on in that sickening baby talk voice. "He eats crunchy yummy cereal. Yes he does, he's a good boy!"
Meeting Their Match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 22 The day started pleasurably enough but that in itself made him wonder. Gellert did not wish to wonder, he wanted to believe that this day was completely real. That he found the one wizard who truly understood him, and offered him genuine affection and care. But he wanted to believe it all the other times too. When the Mara, trying to be so ever convincing decided to inspire in him bits of hope with pleasing images only to dash them moments later. Breaking his spirit bit by bit, and his desire to resist. Even the fact that he could remember his experiences in great detail were not always indicative. One time, he lived through what seemed an entire life time of pleasant magical discoveries in the past. Got to live through the construction of the Elder Wand and the Cloak of Invisibility, before the so tantalizing creative genius of the character he had identified as Death from the Deathly Hollows tale, turned against him. He was in a different bed now, in a different setting, his cloths prepared by an elf he had not heard of before. Yet such realistic details could still be borrowed from his own mind. Gellert supposed no matter how hard he thought about it, he would never find the traces of deception planted by his captor, who over time grew too subtle to be caught through any inaccuracies. Irritated by his thoughts, unable to decide if he should accept this life at face value, Grindelwald finally considered one possibility. Not everything was too perfect this time. He found himself thirsty, and mildly unhappy with the cloths left for him. They were too general, lacked character or softness of material he had come to associate with high quality. The fact that he was disappointed, despite being freed from 50 years of imprisonment by such a triviality made his heart soar. It could be all real. He could decide that it was, and if he was wrong, at least this time there were better reasons to accept the reality of the situation than ever before. Reminding himself of Blaise's reassurance to shop for cloths later on, Gellert quickly completed his morning ritual. getting dressed and grooming his hair with a spell of neatness, he slowly ascended the stairs, wondering what kind of impression he would strike. It took a bit to recall the way back to the Great Hall, but assuming others would be there, and his stomach requiring breakfast, that was where he headed. As was the case yesterday, many of the same wizards and witches were present, quietly conversing at the table at the head of the room. The smell of breakfast caused his hunger to grow, so Gellert hurried over and was pleased to find a seat beside Blaise empty. Settling into it he was pleased yet again when a full plate of breakfast appeared before him along with a mug of hot black tea. When Gellert came in and sat down beside him, Blaise felt his heart flutter and fly. A thing it never ever did! Ever! Not even over really good books on enchantments. Granted he got excited but his heart did not flutter. But the fact the other man had sat with him indicated to Blaise that he did not wish to forget the night they shared. Of course their conversations in-between bouts of incredible sex indicated as much as well for Blaise usually didn't talk to his partners too much. Not like that. There was never that sort of connection. In the morning it was definitely over from Blaise's prospect with everyone but Gellert. He wanted a lot of things from the other man, but over was not one of them! So the fact Gellert was seated beside him, indicated that he felt the same because Blaise never would've done that the morning after. It gave an indication of willingness to continue something and he wasn't into giving wrong impressions. Of course Gellert may not mean the same thing by his actions, but for now Blaise opted to hope he did and enjoy the joy this gave him. "Good morning," Blaise said, turning to him with a warm smile. He was unable to keep his eyes from devouring the other man, but at least for now it was only his eyes. There were others present, after all. Gellert looked somehow odd in Blaise's customary summer attire of black slacks and a black silk t-shirt, probably because the items hung loosely on the smaller man. Gellert was only a bit shorter, but prison and its obvious lack of niceties and three proper meals had left him a bit too thin. Blaise was lanky enough himself so if his clothes were loose on Grindelwald, he definitely was due for a bit of weight gain. Blaise thought Gellert Grindelwald would look stunning in a sack, but ill fitting clothing was never a preference for wizards like he and Gellert who took extreme pride in their appearance. Appearance said a great deal, after all. It said a great deal on many levels that most common minded people didn't understand. "I didn't want to wake you," he told the other man in way of explanation for why Gellert had woken alone. "I figured it was the first good night's sleep you'd had in some time so I wanted you to make the most of it." He felt his gaze softening and returned it hastily to his plate, taking a mouthful of eggs from the fork in his hand. "Good morning, and thank you. I appreciate that. I thought I was well enough but I needed the rest, as it made me feel so much better," Gellert explained, Blaise's presence comforting him more than he could have anticipated. "We brought you the folder on Voldemort," Millicent told Gellert with a friendly, for her, smile. "It's got all the pertinent info and some that probably isn't, but you may as well know all you can on the crazy bastard." She reached across the table and handed Gellert the brown folder. "Before I forget," she explained apologetically, never one to interrupt food if it wasn't important. "Ah yes, excellent. I will make sure to look into it soon," Gellert promised with a frown. He was looking forward to analyzing the file on one hand, checking if he could detect the traces of prophecy he has heard as young man, and if they related to Voldemort somehow. In part though, he was not quite sure how to act around the young Bulstrode, her initial threats against his person most off putting, to a degree precluding him from experiencing any remotely friendly sentiment towards Millicent. "Hi," Kereston said cheerfully, giving Gellert a little wave before lowering her hand to her spider's back once more. "Did you enjoy your first night of freedom? Did you and Blaise get to start working on anything for us yet? This is my spider Reynaldo, by the way. HE's so sweet!" Gellert found himself having the opposite problem with Kereston. Her torrent of questions and positive attitude gave him plenty to work with. Swallowing the first bit of Eggs Benedict as fast as he could, Grindelwald had to wonder where to even start. "Hi, I certainly did. We were indeed discussing some enchantments, in particular an intriguing method of alerting the wizards in charge to a danger ahead. That is an interesting choice. I didn't know spiders were even for sale in any Western country. How remarkable! Where do you get the appropriate spider food for him," Gellert wondered with genuine curiosity. "Oh he came from a dark wizarding pet shop in Knockturn Alley," Kereston replied cheerfully of her Acromantula. "He eats people food, actually. I thought, well those in the wild likely eat animals at best, or people at worst but he's mine and if I raise him to eat something different he'll like it and he does...yes he does," she concluded, crooning to the happily cuddling spider. She couldn't hide her disappointment at the current project Grindelwald had shared, though, so her face fell after she'd concluded her explanation of her pet. "I hoped you were working on personal protections for all of us," she said somberly and Millicent bit her lip, fear shadowing her dark brown eyes as she nodded. "Yeah Voldemort will be after Slytherins especially. He expects us to follow him as he was in Slytherin house and will likely take it personally if we don't." She struggled not to hug herself, not wanting to seem a coward in front of Wolfgang, though she'd never hidden her fear from him at least in words. Millicent's carefully cultivated dumb act had been to keep her safe but if it failed she felt royally screwed and hoped Grindelwald could at least help to keep them safe if stupid prophesies wouldn't allow him to kick Voldemort's ass personally. The name put her on edge, but it was better, far less submissive, than calling him the dark fucking lord. "I suppose I haven't had the opportunity to get familiar with the kind of menace this Voldemort has become. It is hard to imagine..." Gellert trailed off, realizing the only natural conclusion to such a sentence would only betray his pride. Justly or nor, but he simply could not conceive of a Dark Lord more formidable than himself, able to instill that much awe. Fear, was more apt, he reasoned with himself. He never thought to seek out fear, only to impress with the grandeur of his performance on his better days. But if the Tycho Dodonus prophecies were correct, and he gambled everything on the fact that they were, than Voldemort had to be the prophesied Dark Lord who thrived on terror, the one he was meant to oppose, until his original goals got twisted into something even he barely recognized afterwards. "Animals are too much trouble, but at least hers will learn to talk someday," Blaise said grudgingly of Kereston's spider, gaze flicking to Gellert as he spoke, obviously addressing his comment to the blonde. Ice blue eyes moving from Kereston to Millie he added, "We have time to make everything and we'll be working on that as well, so keep your heads on." "So true," Grindelwald softly concurred, his slightly amused smile reminding him more than anything of the man he used to be, The man who had trained a chupacabra painstakingly, when all other options were exhausted, and who dismissed it from its service, because attachments just weren't good for one's soul. Al least, that was how he used to think, until recently perhaps, he allowed himself some understanding, his thoughtful look settling back onto Blaise Zabini. Distracted by the weight of Gellert's eyes and finding himself staring back into them for far too long, Blaise didn't notice when his mother drew up sharply behind his chair. When she spoke her voice was as sharp as her movements."I'd like to speak with you outside in the hallway, Mr. Grindelwald. Now." Sabra Zabini's request was stated as a firm command and even her posture was expectant as she waited for him to rise as basically ordered to.
Meeting Their Match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 23 Grindelwald had to admit to being startled. He had seen this woman in action and remembered how she stood up to Wolfgang Adler. Even regular half giants were intimidating, ones that were also adept at magic, were all the scarier. Gellert was not sure how the woman felt so confident in the face of true danger, but respected her. And enjoyed the half giant's obvious discomfort. And was glad her earlier scathing comments were not directed at him. Until, sadly. now. "Yes, Madame, how may I be of service," Gellert cautiously wondered as he accompanied the fearsome lady outside, wishing he had a hint of an idea about what awaited him in the hall. . Sabra Zabini did not speak until they were outside the great hall with the doors closed. She then flicked her wand around them in a circle, murmuring a silencing charm so that no one passing by or attempting to eavesdrop from inside could hear what was said by the two in the circle. She knew her son, after all, and wouldn't put it past him to decide he should be in on the conversation even when not invited. She could've been proud of such behaviors when not directed at her own goals. "So..."She said, locking gazes with the blue eyes of Gellert Grindelwald, thinking strangely how much like her own they were. Gellert's were just a few shades darker and warmer than her own ice blue that she'd passed down to Blaise, but still they were very similar indeed. "What is it, precisely, that you think to achieve by seducing my 17 year old son? He may be legal, but that won't stop me from stopping your intentions, whatever they are, trust you me." Her tone was calm but as ice cold as her eyes and as firm as a mountain. Gellert never used to shy away from a confrontation, but things were different now. His memory was still subdued by a long lasting punishment that he did not wish to endure again. And to make matters worse, this feeling business made him...feel, vulnerable. On one hand there was Blaise, who surprised him into experiencing previously unexplored physical sensations. On the other hand there was his mother, whose good graces he perhaps needed, whom he simply could not afford to alienate with a flippant response. The kind he would have given to anyone else, and still itched to give despite every consideration of caution. He tried to remind himself to think it all over more carefully, but the words spilled out of his mouth of their own volition, choosing their own course. "No disrespect intended, but I can hardly be expected to to achieve anything from a 17 year old boy. I have learned to take care of myself when I was 16 years old. Proper care or not, but I took responsibility over my life. And anything I ever required for myself, I had the skills to build. Be they charms, or an empire of followers. I never needed partners equal to me, and never met superior ones. So your assumption can never apply to the likes of me," Gellert spoke, though his old time arrogance was not as fully evident in his voice as it would have been once. "But once your son offered to...explore the physical element of our acquaintance, I did find his logic to be infallible. He was correct in suggesting that we could benefit each other, only perhaps not in the way you would have suspected. In other words, if other words are necessary, what I was hoping to get from him, he already encouraged me to take, and gave me no indication that the, well, taking was bound by any time constraints or limited in any way. Is that going to be a problem? I don't blame you, but if it is, I suppose Blaise might need to be invited to participate and be made aware that our budding,,,acquaintance is being frowned upon," Gellert suggested, almost tactfully, for him. Sabra's expression made her inner struggle evident as she mentally floundered for words while her mouth opened and shut a few times, eyes nearly bulging as they stared at Gellert Grindelwald. She was quite unable to hide her shock and didn't bother. Her son...She decided to momentarily latch onto the one point she could address properly. "As for what you could want from him, you did need followers. You could be starting by ensnaring another who has friends and influence. It's useful and don't bother to pretend that I'd not see that. Blaise is not insignificant. He travels in high social circles if few of them. He does have taste, after all," she said, struggling to draw her own customary haughtiness around her like a cloak of dignity. Would've worked too were she not floundering over the other bit. "However...as you did not do what I incorrectly accused you of doing, that point is perhaps irrelevant. I was...unaware that my son was a predator," she said carefully, attempting to edge her way toward an apology with some amount of dignity. "I...I...the last I was aware he fancied girls...but...if this has changed...I suppose he went big...I mean..."She spluttered, wondering in inner frustration why why why she had to choose such wrong words while putting her foot in her mouth. "I...That is, at least no mother can complain about anyone bringing you home, as it were, even if the gender happens to be the same..." She drew in a breath while struggling to collect herself. "Which reminds me...Is he bringing you home for Christmas? Because I start arrangements early." Frowning her eyes scanned Gellert from head to toe. "And those clothes are poorly fitting. I didn't see Adler bringing you more. Shall we take you clothes shopping? I don't expect you have any money but it's not an issue for us so don't fret it. Blaise and you shall surely make plenty on your calibrations. He is very driven, you know, and wanting his own independence when it comes to finances, not that we've ever deprived him of anything." Gellert had prepared some counter arguments. He was going to claim ignorance of social connections, inability to use his body to seduce a kid, however gifted. He almost started drawing strength from the initial accusation. He was almost ready to defend himself, and then the conclusion took him utterly by surprise. An even greater surprise than the spell leveled at him by Dumbledore, one he had expected to be able to counter but couldn't, for some reason. "So you're saying...well, a soft kind of predator I suppose he could be called, considering his prey was most willing," he began defending Blaise, then realizing his defense may have brought him to the unfamiliar terrain of inescapable vulgarities. "Christmas, really? Well, I don't think we got to discuss it, that is, I would be honored, unless Blaise himself or the rest of your family objects. But you are certain of not objecting yourself? That is...unexpected. And you volunteer to take me cloth shopping? Well, I thought I would do just that at some point, only I didn't expect the opportunity to arrive so soon. I accept, gladly," Gellert heard himself saying, his tone appropriately uncertain, considering how badly he was taken aback by the change in the conversation. "Ah, yes, Blaise is very special, I could see that right away. And I definitely understand being driven, some would say I was the same, and not always for everybody's greater good," Gellert unexpectedly confided, chuckling uncomfortably which to his ears sounded as uncharacteristic for him as his earlier uncertainty. The Zabinis proved to be a unique bunch, in his opinion, and made him experience quite unique emotions in turn. Sabra studied Gellert Grindelwald as he spoke. A grand wizard, knowledgeable and worthy of respect and some awe still. Yet at the same time, uncannily such a boy now with that youthening potion and more uncertain than her own Blaise. At times she thought Blaise had grown up too fast and that this was the fault of his parents and their choices. She could've been guilty about that had she felt there were better choices. Everyone had to pay a little thanks to Voldemort, may he die painfully. "I still honestly don't know quite what to make of the...two men bit, but Blaise has the right to do as he likes so long as it was his choice, being of age. And I most certainly wouldn't invite you to Christmas did I not mean it," she said a bit sharply, giving Gellert a frown. "Now lets go back in there and finish breakfast and we're off clothes shopping. Consider it my apology for taking your head off over the entire thing." Sabra Zabini was the black widow even if her only husband was still very much alive and she did not apologize. Striding back into the great hall, she paused beside Bramble's chair as he ate at Geo's other side from where she'd been sitting. "When you've finished eating, would you put that folder Millicent and Wolfgang brought for Gellert in the dorm room, please? He will be clothes shopping directly after breakfast, so he can read it when we return." The elf nodded, expression darkening at sight of said German wizard. "Bramble made the energetic butter beer that Gellert Grindelwald requested last night in the promised half an hour and he never came to the bath to enjoy Bramble's efforts," the elf accused darkly. "That's my fault, Bramble," Blaise said hastily. "I am very sorry. We'll have it right now with breakfast if it is still available. Gellert and I were distracted, and it was all my doing." Though her son's apology was heart felt and honest, Bramble's stony, resentful glare remained on Gellert himself. Sabra knew exactly why the two young wizards were distracted and the concept was still discomforting. She hastily resumed her seat on the other side of her husband and began pointedly eating. "What,"Geo hissed into his wife's ear. "Nothing. Later," she replied, unable to deal with anything else at present. Food. Right now it was about eating breakfast. "I am really sorry, Bramble," Gellert sheepishly added his apology, knowing full well that he was in the wrong this time, and not trying to argue his side as he normally would. It appeared to him that even the Zabini elf made him uncomfortable. Either something was wrong with him, which he could not see as possible, or the entire family had some kind of a strange effect on him. "Is there anything I can do for you to express my apology? I am resolved to never let you down like this again, if it helps at all," Gellert tentatively tried, glad that Blaise accepted some responsibility but fairly certain from Bramble's looks that the responsibility for the butter beer debacle was mostly placed on his shoulders. "I will try it out of course, and I am sure it will be truly great," he added and wondered if as usual, the addition only detracted from his sincere apology. Bramble merely rose silently and apparated away with a crack. Blaise gave Gellert an apologetic look and shrugged. "He's scary sometimes, but usually he's decent," he said in way of apology and Sabra chuckled. Soon Bramble was back with 2 cold frothing glasses and silently presented them to the 2 young men. Blaise took his glad for more energy. He took a swallow. "Tastes like very nice," he noted. "Extra creamy. More energy will come in handy today as Gellert and I have lots of work to do. We've worked out some ideas for school defenses." "Clothes shopping for Gellert first. I"m sure he'll want you to come along, Blaise. You can advise him on modern fashion if it's required," Sabra said and Blaise nodded readily, gaze sliding to Gellert. Each time he looked at the blonde wizard it felt as though nearly tangible heat flared between them. Heat that was magnetized. Though this was a thing Blaise had never experienced with anyone else ever, he didn't mind it one bit.
Meeting Their Match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 24 "You are saying that he is only scary sometimes...and not at other times," Gellert reiterated, bewildered. "I must say I am looking forward to seeing those other times," he admitted with an embarrassed smile, wondering if his food shall be poisoned from then on. His drinks enchanted to make his privates shrivel, and the clothes he was going to acquire would likely start burning on his body. Grindelwald may not know enough about the elves and their powers, but he thought he understood roughly how the house elf felt, based on his unrelenting glare." It does taste amazing. If that was a challenge to your ingenuity, you have passed it with flying colors," Gellert spoke, not sure that the elf would hear him or care, but not having any better way yet to melt the fortress of ice formed metaphorically erected between them through Bramble's contempt. Unfortunately, he didn't have a lot to work with. More apologies could create greater indignation. Words of regret could lead to doubts of his sincerity. He may not wish to move on without creating a good impression on another valued member of the household, but Bramble left him no other choices. "Yes, clothes shopping! I used to have a certain style of course. A dark brooding angle, if you please, but cannot be certain my preferences can be accommodated anymore. I may need a quick update on what is fashionable today, or at least fashionable among dark wizards. for that could limit the range of the search somewhat," Gellert thoughtfully spoke, almost relieved to have a different topic in mind that had nothing to do with Bramble or his hurt feelings. "Bramble is glad to have pleased Gellert Grindelwald," the elf said, expression grave as he gave a short nod accompanied by only the hint of a disapproving glare. "If it makes you feel better, it would have been more than unrealistic had Gellert chosen your drink over what Blaise was offering," Sabra told the elf dryly. When Bramble opened his mouth to ask,Sabra gave her head a slight shake, cold blue eyes rolling as her mouth made a sour pull of disapproval before she chuckled. Geo and Bramble wore nearly equally curious expressions as their gazes passed over one another to Sabra. Sabra merely shrugged, offering nothing further on the matter for the present. Blaise shot Gellert a look half curious half trepidation. The way his mother had spoken, it seemed she was aware of how they'd spent their night. Not something Blaise would hide, but the idea of talking sex with his Mum just felt odd to say the least. "Dark and brooding can be easily arranged," he told Gellert with a smile of amusement. "It's what I go for in the winter. The summer I merely go for icy cool and posh." he chuckled. "I look forward to the dark and brooding summer search though." "You don't give the dark brooding impression very much," Sabra told Gellert speculatively. "And a bit of blue or red would truly bring out that sparkle in your eyes. The one you get when you look at Blaise, you know." His mother was silently laughing with her eyes! Blaise's own eyes widened as he felt his face heat. Silently shooting his Mum a glare he nearly missed Kereston's sympathetic look of mild horrified amusement that she shot toward he and Gellert. "It is all about my mood and to an extent...the atmosphere. Dark and brooding describes me very well on most days. Just ask my animal familiar," Gellert quipped, wondering if he would manage to get a rise from the mother that he couldn't get from the son. Not that he was trying to get a rise from the son in question, or at least, not the same kind of a rise, he idly reminded himself with a small smile. "It's not just a matter of style truly. It is, to a degree, a source of inspiration for me. Being decked in black, makes me think creatively of the darker spells. How to approach them, how to avoid the pitfalls inherent in the spell's weaker points. I suppose I don't have to quit the brighter colors altogether. I can get some for home. Would not want to deprive poor Bramble of the joy of seeing my bright and shiny," Grindelwald smiled, feeling comfortable enough to no longer ingratiate himself to the taciturn elf. "I was mainly trying to be thrifty with your money. I appreciate your generosity of course. Only, I have had access once to my own finances, and now that they are confiscated by the government, actually by several governments at once, I feel more aware of its transience, and would not want to spend your gold coins in vain, on something that is hardly a necessity. But, it is of no consequence to me. If you prefer the brighter ones, naturally I shall obliged," the dark wizard responded on a more serious note. Sabra shrugged and smiled. "Money is no issue for us," she said with a dismissive gesture of one slender hand. "Besides, you're such a brilliant wizard that I'm sure you'll make your fortune back within a few years, especially if you and Blaise work on enchanted items, as he wants to sell those that he makes." "I already bought a protection ring," Kereston said, waving her hand to show a ornate silver band on her first finger with a cat face peeking out from thick vines. It was expensive but worth it." Blaise nodded. "It works like my spider," he explained to Gellert. "As for the clothes themselves," Sabra continued, "Wear what you like Dear. It's just that you're so cheerful that you're going to outshine any black with that sparkling personality of yours." To Blaise's surprise his mum actually seemed sincere. Strange but sincere... "Makes sense really," Kereston said, smiling at Gellert. "Cheerful people are more likable and that's why you had so many followers even if your goals were, perhaps impossible. Your exuberant personality makes you likable which is good. Never hide that under too much black." "He could just wear shiny black," Blaise said, winking at Gellert. Millicent merely looked at Wolfgang and smirked. "Well we're full and bored so rolling for now," she told Gellert. "Do get in touch soon with any thoughts after you look through the files. Anything else, Wolfgang," she asked, pausing in case Adler had more orders for his new charge. "Understood," Gellert replied rather curtly to the people he could not yet bring himself to trust. "I'd just say, study the file well. It has many curious points of history, half accurate records of the Dark Lord's ability and his partial profile, based on our diviner's predictions. Even taking into account that some of it may not be fully right, it is still the best theoretical preparation against our adversary. In the worst possible case, it would point you in the right direction for further research..." Wolfgang asserted and from the half hearted nod given to him by Grindelwald, he had to wonder, how much of his words would be trusted by their, potentially, too arrogant of an ally. Pausing before they left the Great Hall, Millicent turned back toward Grindelwald. "And you'd not know about this yet but if you want summer dark and brooding try a Goth shop. You could get like a t-shirt of a skull sitting on books or something all black. Lots of things like that." She shrugged wide shoulders before flouncing out with her man. Blaise studied her with a thoughtful expression. Goth shops... "Those are generally Muggle, but clothes are clothes I suppose," Kereston said thoughtfully. "Perhaps in Knockturn there is something along those lines if it appeals, though. The Goth subculture began around the late 1970s if memory serves, but Millie would know more about that," the little blonde said. "It's about being all dark and brooding and there are particular types of music they're into that reflect such, but again I'm no authority." Blaise made a face before draining off the last of his pumpkin juice, still managing to hold a disgusted expression as he did so. "Muggle culture is hardly suitable table talk, Kereston. Disgusting pathetic low lives the lot of them. And if they do have any interesting fashion trends, they likely stole them from what wizards were wearing centuries ago. You know from watching their historical or fantasy films or whatever they do." He made a gesture as though brushing away a bothersome bug and stood. "Come let's go down to the dorms and get ready to go," Blaise told Gellert, expression instantly warming as his gaze fell on the slender blonde. "Well as you can't go back in time several bloody centuries, Millie's suggestion still wasn't a bad one," Kereston retorted, tone light as was her accompanying chuckle. She was used to Blaise and didn't let him bother her. She knew his tone was for Muggles and not for her and she honestly didn't care either way.
Meeting Their Match, a Blaise Zabini/Gellert Grindelwald fanfiction, chapter 25 It was good to know that Blaise had a sound head on his shoulders when it came to opinions of Muggles, Gellert thought as the two headed back downstairs to the Slytherin dorms to get ready for their shopping expedition. Of course he expected as much from Blaise, considering the two had so much in common, but who knew how much these modern times had changed the thinking of wizards. Speaking of modern times, he felt himself at once excited and nervous to venture into the world and see what it had become. As they walked, Blaise lightly touched his hand and Gellert felt his body heating as new desires flooded his mind. Well not new, he was no stranger to sexual pleasure, but new in the way men went at it. The intensity was certainly new. "Just remember really to just get whatever you want," Blaise was saying. "If we don't find it in the shops, just get something that will do and we'll have something made for you." He could have expected such treatment from his followers but from people who had no desire to follow anyone particularly and wanted nothing of him but his company, it was another new thing. A thing that perhaps reminded him that he was awake...That all this was indeed real and not another torment construct of the mara, creatures of nightmare he had set to guard the prison when it was a place he had confined his own enemies. At that old familiar feelings of rage flashed to the surface of his mind. Those ministries too weak and ineffective to stop him for decades had to use his own defenses against him because they couldn't make anything better or even half as good. "I'll try not to be so much trouble, but thank you. I will keep that in mind," he said, speaking mainly to get out of his own head. He chuckled. "At least your elf doesn't make clothes, I wouldn't want to give him another reason to hate me!" They made short work of cleaning up after breakfast and were soon back upstairs. Gellert certainly didn't want to keep the formidable and mildly perplexing Mrs. Zabini waiting. Once he would have kept others waiting for him, or at the least not hurried for anyone, but times had changed and he knew he lived at the mercy of others. As he did not wish to return to Nurmengard or to lose Blaise's thrilling company he did not object. "We'll begin with Hog's Mead as it's closer," Sabra said. For safety in numbers the entire family went. As they walked from Hogwarts grounds Blaise found himself staring at Gellert's long gleaming golden hair. Only a few minutes earlier he had been mesmerized by the sight of Gellert brushing it. The hair falling in long shining waves from the brush, perfect and tangle free down Gellert's slender back. Blaise really liked girls, but had never given much thought to any of them brushing his hair. He was going all soft and dreamy inside, and that was alarming...disturbing...okay even a little frightening. When they arrived at the first shop that sold robes and other clothes he was glad for the distraction. As they walked in, he looked around, eyes scanning for something worthy. When he saw the 2 cloaks hanging against the back wall he stopped in his tracks and made a small sound of pleased awe. By worthy he'd meant some shirts of decent fabric and design, but this... "Gellert! Look," he breathed, then wanted to kick himself for using the other man's name in public. Of course there could be other people named Gellert but still...That was dangerous and stupid. Blaise felt his face flaming and opened his mouth to give an embarrassed apology, but Gellert, as impressed with the cloaks as he, didn't seem to notice. He hastily moved forward to have a closer look and Blaise followed him to the back wall. The cloaks were obviously Runespoor skins as the orange with black stripes was obvious and even more so the 3 heads. Gellert was lightly touching one of them and Blaise carefully lifted down the other. The price tag read 700 galleons. Very expensive but very worth it. "We so need these," he breathed. "Not just for the fashion, though that will be astoundingly impressive and amazing," he told Gellert. "But also for the magical properties. If they don't already have something useful going on naturally it wouldn't be overly difficult to utilize that which is surely dormant and ad some protective layers. Many wizard researchers believe runespoors to be the physical embodiment of the patronus as I'm sure you already know. Mum will get these for us I'm sure." "You don't think she will object," Gellert asked, blue gaze dropping doubtfully to the price tag on the cloak he touched. "We'll insist," Blaise told him, flashing a careless grin. His gaze held the same eager light for the cloaks that Gellerts did. Waving his mum over he explained why they needed them, for magical research and with a slight shrug, Sabra called the wizard behind the counter to wrap them up. "I was looking at the shoes," she told Gellert. There are a fe different styles. Lets get you into some of them as trying on can take ages when things don't fit properly. Then we'll move onto the robes." Blaise watched as his mum proceeded to boss and mother Gellert Grindelwald. Hurrying him onto a bench near the shoes she brought down several styles and when Gellert indicated which he liked, she began to try them on for him, sitting on the floor and tugging off the shoes of Blaise's he was borrowing to check for his shoe size. When Gellert bent to attend to it himself, Sabra waved him away. "I'll be faster. Mothers always are," she told him briskly. "She never does that for me," Blaise quipped playfully when the shoe selection was over and Sabra was carrying 4 shoe boxes up to the front counter. Gellert gave an embarrassed grin as he shoved his borrowed shoes back on. Looking up at Blaise from where he was bent down over his foot, golden hair fell across his check and Blaise felt his breath catching. What the hell! He looked away in order to keep his focus. "So onto robes? I think she'll let you try those on for yourself," he said with a chuckle as Gellert stood. As predicted Gellert was allowed to try on his own robes. Pants and shirts as well! It took a while because Gellert selected carefully. Had it been anyone else, Blaise would've been impatient but he didn't mind waiting about for Gellert and watching him choose his clothes. He attempted to stop at 3 outfits, but Sabra insisted he needed more. He was finally done at 10 outfits and 9 robes. That with the 4 sets of shoes and boots completed everything. It turned out they had to go to another store for underthings and by the time they did that, it was time for lunch. "I'm starved," Blaise said and Gellert nodded enthusiastically. "Gellert just needs a coat and we should be set for now," Sabra said. "There is a lovely shop just a block up that I think will have some he'll like." Indeed Gellert found a long gray coat that he mentioned being like one he used to have. Seeing how striking he looked in it when trying it on, Blaise got one to match. Slipping into it he stood in front of a long full length mirror against the shop's right wall. "Well, what do you think," he asked Gellert, turning his head from right to left to study himself to the fullest. "Grand," Gellert said, gaze warm on Blaise's own eyes in the mirror. "Well I think the two of you look ridiculous in matching coats," Sabra complained, but when Blaise put his on the counter with Gellerts she bought it with only a slight frown and shake of her head. As he had with the other packages, Bramble made the coats vanish back to hogwarts with a simple gesture. "Thank you both," Gellert said, turning to Blaise's parents. "You are very generous..." From the shy discomfort on his face, it was clear Gellert felt more and didn't know how to put it into words. Sabra smiled and patted his shoulder. "It's alright Dear. It was fun...Wasn't it fun, Geo," she asked her husband with an amused look as they headed back to Hogwarts. "Oh yeah," Geo said, widening his eyes expressively. "My favorite thing to do ever...all the time...Never again." He laughed.
Meeting their match: a Gellert Grindelwald FanFic Chapter 26: Shopping could be tiring work, Blaise thought dryly as he slumped into a chair in the Hogwarts dining hall. "I wish we were at home," he muttered darkly, still not relishing his forced stay at Hogwarts. "You'd like it there," he told Gellert. "We have a pool. I already miss my work out. I have a swim routine for keeping in shape and the pool is heated and in the basement so it's great for all year round." The table was laden with food and Blaise felt his stomach responding to all the smells emanating from the dishes. Fish, chips, vegetables, fruit, salad, and what appeared to be a blueberry pie! The dining hall was nearly empty and the atmosphere was relaxed. Kereston was gone so at the moment it was just the Zabinis with Gellert and a distracted looking Severus Snape seated alone at the far end of the table. They all used the staff table again so the elves wouldn't have to bother with putting food at various tables when hardly anyone was there. "You're working on something helpful after lunch, I hope," Snape said, dark piercing gaze directed at Blaise and Gellert. Blaise nodded. "I can begin working on the talismans we spoke of yesterday while Gellert goes over the information on Voldemort unless you have a more pertinent request." It was still odd to address his head of house as an equal of sorts but it was gradually becoming more normal considering the frequency of their interactions of late outside of the class room. Severus nodded curtly. "I can also show you memories of my interactions with the dark lord if it would give you anything the files do not, Mr. Grindelwald," he said, gaze now specifically on Gellert. "It would at that," Gellert thoughtfully confirmed, his mind slowly returning from the necessary but tedious shopping expedition to the more stimulating questions of arcane theory. "Information in a dossier can be quite detached, barely scratching the surface. Some time ago I attempted to predict the moves of this old alchemist, Nicholas Flamel. My reading of his history gave me the impression that he would have a considerable self interest I could hope to exploit, and nothing went further from the truth. From that point on, I began to fully appreciate a more personal report. But there is another element. A few months before my unfortunate failure, I have begun working on something fairly new...well, you would probably get bored with the technical details that excite me. Most people do. In short, I am hoping to conduct a spectral analysis of your impressions. To compare some interactions with others and observe how your mental activity may have changed. I would not insult your efficacy at Legilimency or anything of the like. But some manipulations are more subtle than others. To change the course of one's thoughts could be a brutal invasion into the mind that leaves traces, where other, less obvious methods could work just as well to set the ground. I am most curious about Voldemort's subtlety. Most wizards and news reports do not seem to indicate a lot of it which troubles me. It seems unlikely for a man who rose so high to rise through primitive methods alone. If you happen to remember the times when you felt less trusted during your interactions, I would appreciate you writing them down. That would help me focus my analysis on the points that have the potential to matter the most. If he is really good, he probably erased all traces of his influence, which would make your mental activity fairly consistent. I have been working on a way to test the impressions left in the Pensieve for consistency by exposing them to a kind of modulated turbulence. Unfortunately I did not get a chance to fully test my methods, so we would see how all of this works out. In the worst case, it should not be too damaging, time consuming, or revealing, which is all one could hope for when facing a dangerous foe," Grindelwald quickly, spoke, his mind running in multiple directions, already considering how to best fine tune his idea. . "I'd love to learn more of this spectral analysis," Blaise said, very much interested in the technical details of rare and unusual magics. Once again he felt the rush the thrill of finding a like mind gave him. It was energizing and stimulating. "I'd love to watch when you get to that bit if that's alright," he said eagerly. "I am sure you would," Grindelwald agreed with an approving smile. Though ordinarily he would have injected considerable sarcasm when directing such words at any lesser wizard, he actually meant what he said to Blaise. The young Zabini proved to be a gifted enchanter, with a curiosity to rival Gellert's own. "It is quite alright. In fact, after you learn the basics, I may require your assistance in this matter. The concept is simple enough. You reverse the memory points as projected onto the Pensieve, approximate it with an equivalent magical stream, project it onto a suitably susceptible surface, such as wizard's skull, and then introduce a filtering current to evaluate the consistency of the mental activity. The filtering needs to be more precise, which is the one area where I would need your skills at precision. A smaller measure, I suspect, might be needed than the one I had introduced originally. The accuracy should increase by 13 percent, if I am correct. At any rate, it would be most intriguing to work on it. With your contribution, the project should go much faster..." Gellert wistfully admitted, already looking forward to the glorious future when their success was but a stepping stone to further discoveries. Severus's expression was thoughtful as he listened to Grindelwald. The large white owl who as usually in his company throughout the summer had hopped down from the back of his chair and begun eating from his plate. "I don't recall him not seeming to trust me. I made sure my mind only showed him what I wanted him to see. It took a lot of work and practice as well as help from Albus Dumbledore," he said. "But if you see something I didn't notice, by all means, have at it," he said with a shrug. The owl suddenly went still then raised its head to briefly glance at Grindelwald before lowering it to the plate again. Snape seemed to hesitate then said, "Someone else who deals with Voldemort feels...very strange in his presence. I only mention this in case it has anything to do with the spectral work of which you speak. This person feels very strange in the presence of the dark lord, feels the man's evil on perhaps an auric level? This isn't really something I understand or deal with," he said, almost apologetically. "This person is always saying how...wrong the dark lord feels. I understand I am not explaining this properly, not having felt it myself. It isn't that he doesn't bother me, but perhaps mine is due to what I know about him and what he has done and will do." "Are you able to convince this other person to add his testimony into the Pensieve? Having the ability to compare two impressions could create sufficient data for the spectral analysis to progress...without throwing precise numbers at you, I shall say considerably faster. That could indeed be very helpful. I don't know much about auras either, but that kind of viewing is magically deep and on the personal level, insightful to aid our work, Spectral analysis greatly benefits from the ability to make multiple comparisons of mental streams," Gellert slowly explained, his tone resembling that of an eager hunter about ready to shoot the proverbial arrow at his prey.
