Here's the first chapter and I hope you like it. This kind of story idea just popped into my head and so I knew I'd have to write it down. I do hope you enjoy it and please read and review love Hermione xx Harry arrived back at the Dursley's told to go to his room and make no noises. If he could succeed he'd get a meal in a few hours so they said. He didn't know whether to believe that or not. He was starving but knew that if he said anything he'd get no meal at all so shut up and went straight to his room without complaint. When he arrived there he found an orb floating in the corner and found it weird and highly alarming. He jumped as Vernon entered to tell him again to make no noise and then shouted at him. "I'm telling you boy no noise whatsoever, and clean that floaty thing up. I won't have this room in a mess! I mean it. Pick it up right now and put it in your trunk. If I come back later and you haven't done it and someone has seen that there'll be trouble of some sort. Just do it now!" he shouted slamming the door and leaving once again. Harry knew if he didn't sort it out he'd be in more trouble than he could imagine so he reached out grabbing the orb intending to store it in his trunk until a later time as his uncle had asked. As he grabbed the orb it lit up a booming voice coming out of it. Harrison James Potter I am an orb of wishes and I grant wishes to those I feel need them. Only you can hear my voice as only you were destined to have me enter your life right now. You have six wishes. You may not ask me for more wishes and you may not ask me to kill anyone, bring them back from the dead or indeed make them love you. If it is meant to be then it will be so. Ask me and try not to take all day either as I have other requests to grant today. Okay thank you so much. I will be making the wishes however I will need to explain thoroughly what I want to have before I then make the wish ok? For my first wish I want for myself and my friends to be the healthiest we can whilst having the appearance of our dreams. Included in this healthy request is to have no spells or potions inhibiting us and full cores for all of us. These friends are Ronald Weasley, Hermione Granger, Luna Lovegood, Neville Longbottom, Ginevra Weasley, Fred and George Weasley, Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnegan, Hannah Abbott and lastly Susan Bones. You are very wise to describe what you want exactly so I can then give it to you just as accurately. Your wish is granted. All the men will be taller with shaggy hair and muscles everywhere. The girls will have perfect figures with larger breasts, smaller waists and taller heights. Your appearance needs to change more though as you can't continue to wear glasses as it does you no favours. Also the Horcrux contained in your scar must be destroyed as must all the others connected to it. I understand no one has told you about it yet because they don't know about it yet. Everyone will always think you've always looked like this and your scar will merely be a feint one now. All spells and potions have been removed from you all and you'll all have full cores. The Horcruxes are exceptionally dark vessels you do not need to know about nor worry about ever again. Thank you for that. I had no idea about that and I don't even know what a horcrux is but now that it is gone whatever it is I'm sure things will get better. For my second wish I wish to have a set of books one for all myself and all of my friends. These books are to work in the muggle and magical worlds excepting both quill and pen writing in them. In these books we are to be able to write a question in about someone and get an immediate written answer which is honest about whatever we've asked. Also should we wish to ask someone in particular a question and get the truth from them their answer should appear in written form in the book for us to be able to read as and when we choose. I don't want the person to know we have their honest answer and these books should be such that only me and my friends can ever see them or use them. I don't want them to be stolen by anyone so they should be fitted with anti-theft charms and we should all know how to use them at once. Your wish is granted you will know all you can about whoever you write in this here book as will your friends. This can seriously help you in relation to getting answers from people who don't give them out easily. Also you should know that as they are not aware they have given you the answer in your book any vows they have undertaken will still be present so it shouldn't affect them negatively. Great stuff and thank you! For my third wish I want myself and my friends to have full access to all their accounts and any information they should have but weren't given for whatever reason. I do want people to automatically assume we always had the information and accounts so no suspicions can be roused unnecessarily. This does mean that obviously myself and all of my friends would be rich and I want everyone to accept that without question however I want the Malfoy family to remember the Weasley's as they were as I know this will annoy them immensely. Your wish has been granted you will all have any information or accounts you should have and will all be very rich indeed. For my fourth wish I wish for this house to have an en-suite in each room with my room being the largest and having the best en-suite but looking the worst to the naked eye of any muggle. I want any muggle who should see it to think I live in less than perfect accommodations. Also included in this wish I want the Dursley's to treat me better, feed me, stop making me do all of their chores, allow me the freedom to come and go with my own key and stop taking money from me at any costs. Quite frankly they've never earned a penny of the money they've been getting for looking after you. Your wish is granted and they will have your key ready for you in the morning. You need to tell me what you would like your room to look like before you can move on to the next wish. Yes I suppose I should. I didn't think of that. I want the room to have a king size four poster bed with a memory foam mattress in it. It should have two bedside lockers with lamps on them at either side of the bed. There should be a walk in closet with more than enough space for my trunk and things. The en suite is to have a large bath, toilet, sink and walk in shower which could fit two people in it. I want the shower to have a rain shower head on it. Now for my fifth wish I want for myself and my friends to have custom made wands which don't have the trace on them nor can ever have the trace on them. That goes for us too. We are to never have the trace on us and be able to perform magic in front of muggles without it affecting them at all or without them reacting in anyway. Your wish is granted and your en suite will look like that for sure. You will all as soon as you wake up in the morning have all the changes you desire including the wands. For added protection no one will ever be able to summon your wands from you and you'll all have two of them without anyone ever questioning you on it. Muggles will never be affected by nor remember anything you do in front of them. For my last wish I wish for the following abilities for me and afterwards I'll tell you what I want my friends to have as they will be different. I want to have perfect occlumency, wandless magic, the ability to conjure any potion I want at any time, the ability to see through any disguise no matter what it is and expose it if I so chose to do that and lastly the ability to look inside anyone's mind at their memories without them knowing I was ever there. Now for my friends they should have perfect occlumency and the ability to become invisible on their own as they don't have a cloak like me. In fact Hermione and Ron should be able to turn invisible and not anyone else. For the rest of them they are to have the ability to control the element of fire. Your wish has been granted and may I say you have made some very wise wishes tonight. For the purposes of ease everyone will now fall into a deep sleep in their respective rooms and when you awake everything will be as you have asked it to be. For an added bonus in your walk in wardrobe you will find a whole new selection of muggle and magical clothing of the highest quality. Here is where I leave you Harrison James Potter. Good night and Merlin bless you. As he said that the orb disappeared out the window and Harry had just enough time to get into bed and get ready before he conked out into the deepest and most peaceful sleep he'd ever had. Tomorrow would bring loads of surprises that's for sure.
Here's the next chapter. I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Harry woke up glancing at his bedside locker. He'd never felt so comfy in all his life. The clock said it was eleven thirty and he'd never slept so well before. Usually his dreams were plagued with nightmares but now he could sleep peacefully. He reached out for his glasses before chuckling when he remembered he'd not be needing them ever again. He checked to see what his room looked like. It did look like what he'd said it should yesterday. He checked the long mirror in his dressing room to see what he looked like now. He could tell he was at least six feet in height. His hair was black and shaggy and his eyes were the deepest shade of cerulean blue he'd ever seen. His skin seemed to have a slight tint to it like he was naturally sun kissed or something. He did have muscles but they were not over emphasised as it wasn't what he would have wanted. He stepped into the walk in shower the water pelting down on him as he felt any residual tiredness leaving his system. He felt more refreshed then ever when he redressed in his new clothes and went out. He went to Diagon Alley and purchased new school stuff however this time he actually took the time to properly browse and buy only what he wanted to actually have. Usually with him it was a rushed affair where he got only what he needed and got out of there again. This time he wanted to take all the time in the world to do his shopping and thoroughly browse. Before that however he was going into the bank to look at his accounts. He went down in the cart to his families vaults. He opened the vault and the goblin told him that the vault had a time lapse on it so he could take as long as he wanted to inside the vault and it would only be five minutes outside it. This made for better business as goblins couldn't be gone for hours at a time while people browsed their family accounts and so on. He entered the vault having been informed of the time lapse beforehand and what he saw surprised him. He had no idea what he'd been expecting but all he saw were piles and piles of cash like glittering mountains in the cavernous expanse. He wanted to ask the goblin about it but didn't wish to take another five minutes from him so just walked around a bit. Tripping over a tiny pile of knuts he didn't notice he went flying and landed in a heap by the wall. As soon as he touched it with his hands on the way up to a standing position he felt a jab in his hand as some blood was taken and suddenly the room shook, lit up and presented him with doors on all sides of the vault. Each door had a title on it such as jewels, wands, wills and personal Potter family documents, keys, potions, disguises and so on. There was even a family gallery containing portraits of everyone who'd ever been a Potter and he was amazed to see all their smiling faces when he entered this room. A portrait of someone called Emmeline Angelique Potter started to talk to him. Hello young sir and what is your name? I am Emmeline Angelique Potter. I know you are a Potter as only one of those could ever visit this room. My name is Harrison James Potter and it is an honour to be here and meet you all. Oh yes the Potter line's hero. Yes we know all about you. You may ask me anything and if I can tell you I will do it. I am the head of this room and I control all the familial documents and so on so if you need to know what something is you need only ask me about it and I will tell you. Thank you Emmeline you are very kind indeed. I would like to know if you know a spell to summon an animagus to you and keep him there so he can't leave should you wish him to stay with you! Also did my parents Lillian and James have a will here? Yes I know of a spell for that. You should leave this room and head into the cage room and pick out a cage of your choice. Once you have chosen the one you desire you can summon the animagus to the cage and it will resize to house the animal and keep it inside at all times. Also you should know the Potters invested in some anaesthetic so it would be good to inject him with it once he's in the cage. The animagus I mean. That can be found in the medical room! He went to the various rooms and picked out the required items delighted that he was at last going to get justice for Sirius. Sirius should at least be free. He returned to the room where she was waiting for him and asked her what to do next. The spell words are hic animalis followed by the name of the person and their animagus name if they have one. If you don't know it just call them by their given name and they should come here anyway. Have you anymore questions? Just one question before I begin what happens if you inject someone who is unconscious with truth serum? Well what would happen is the serum stays in their system for twelve hours per one hundred milligrams. He left again and returned with a thousand milligrams of truth serum and a huge syringe so he could inject peter with it once done. This would allow him five whole days of truth should Minister Fudge want to try and delay things by a few days. He was now ready and he was so excited. 'Hic animalis Peter Pettigrew, Wormtail' he called out as a shocked Peter found himself in a cage which wasn't familiar to him at all. Before he could adjust to where he was or see who had captured him he felt a jab in his side as the anaesthetic kicked in and he was soon unconscious. They didn't have a syringe big enough for the one thousand milligrams of truth serum so he had to inject him several times before it was gone. He accioed a bag which was endless putting some relevant documents and potions inside as well as some money. He then found a memory of his parents changing their secret keeper to Peter Pettigrew and declaring that they were so getting the one over on Dumbledore who like everyone else in the world thought it was Sirius Black when it wasn't. He exited the vault pride on his face as he rose to the top level of the bank once more. On the way he stopped to deposit some of the money and potions in his trust vault before continuing on to the top. He was so excited to get justice for Sirius and he could prove that what he was saying was true. Peter Pettigrew was so going down as was the Minister of Magic if he didn't listen to him. He left and using the bank's floo with their permission went to the ministry of Magic where people were very shocked and delighted to see him there. He went in the lift up to the Minister's office where Delores Jane Umbridge tried to tell him he couldn't go inside there. "Ma'am I am the boy who lived I believe I can decide what I can do or not. Go back to whatever you were doing as I don't intend to stay long. Let's just that someone is about to justice and if the Minister doesn't want to look as stupid as the previous Minister was he'll listen to me. Good day whoever you are!" he said entering the office of the Minister who was shocked but delighted to see him. It was not every day that the boy who lived came to see him personally. Things were about to get seriously interesting and Harry couldn't wait for justice to be served.
Here's the next chapter and I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Approaching the desk he sat down at the seat in front of it. "Harry Potter in my office no less. How can we help you today?" asked the minister who was nervous that Harry knew about the Triwizard tournament before he should have. He needn't have worried though as that's not why Harry was here. "I am actually here to get justice. Someone broke the law and because of who they are thought they could get away with it. My aim is to prove that you are a good and honest minister who does the right thing unlike the last minister. I want you to ask for the trial record of Sirius Black and I assure you that you won't find one because he was put in jail without a trial. I have evidence to support myself as well. I'm not about to just come in here like this with no evidence!" he said seriously. Minister Fudge looked strangely at him but as he was curious did as he'd been asked to do. The results were as Harry had said they would be and he felt very uneasy about it. "What evidence have you because I now know he was indeed put in jail without a trial and whether guilty or not he shouldn't have gone to jail without the trial. He killed Peter Pettigrew, around fifteen muggles and sent your parents to their deaths. Your evidence would want to be exceptionally compelling!" he snapped. "My dad, Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew were animaguses. They didn't tell anyone about it because they were afraid they'd get in trouble or something. Peter was a rat, my dad was a stag and Sirius was a black dog. I have Peter Pettigrew here and he's very much alive. I am sure he'd be only too happy to tell you what happened himself!" he said as the Minister gasped his breath coming in quick pants. "Go ahead!" he said weakly. Opening the cage and removing Peter he put magic suppressing cuffs which he'd asked for around the rat and transformed him to Peter so he couldn't escape. The minister fainted at the sight of Peter Pettigrew and had to be revived. He ordered for an immediate trial at the Wizengamot. "We are all here today because our last minister put someone in jail without a trial and a man whom we all believed to be dead Peter Pettigrew was an illegal animagus and is still very much alive. Now he's here and we'll be asking him what happened. Sirius Black may well be innocent because he never got a trial the last time he was merely put in jail. Harry Potter himself came to me with the evidence and has even more evidence he would like you all to see in a moment!" he said as Delores stood up. "Minister he is a fourteen year old boy can we really rely on the words of a silly teenager!" she protested with many agreeing with her. "Delores I have seen Pettigrew myself so yes we can unless you are going to call me a liar now too!" he snapped silencing everyone and putting Delores firmly back in her place. Peter was revived and raised up in the holding cell to the main court room where a lot of people screamed upon seeing him. "Now we can all see he's still very much alive let's ask him some questions. I'll be the one to do it too this time. Our last minister didn't catch this so it's up to me to do it. Everyone was so happy he who must not be named was gone that they didn't even think to give Sirius Black a trial so let's begin. Please give me your name and date of birth sir" he said as a dazed Peter answered him truthfully. "I am Peter Brian Pettigrew born on September the eighth nineteen sixty." "Were you the secret keeper for the Potter family?" "Yes I was. To prank everyone we changed it last minute from Sirius to me because well let's face it who'd think it was me? It worked as you were all fooled. I had to tell my master where they lived or he'd have killed me and I wasn't about to die because of them. I value my life much more than anyone else's!" he said smugly as everyone gasped in horror. "Why did you frame Sirius Black for killing you and did he kill those muggles?" "Sirius didn't kill anyone. He said he felt guilty for the Potter's deaths because he was the one who suggested we change their secret keeper to me. Since I let him know where they living and I was his choice you can see why he'd feel guilty. The fact that he ended up in jail was merely the icing on the cake! When I let them be killed Sirius knew obviously it was me. He chased after me to kill me for betraying them and that's when I changed into my animagus going into the sewers and blowing up a gasket which had been nearby and did kill those fifteen muggles. I am sorry I did it but not sorry about what happened to him. He then went to jail and all was right with the world!" he said smugly happiness all over his face. "Harry James Potter you have more evidence for us what is it?" he said addressing Harry once more. "I have a memory that you all need to see. It's more of a declaration actually. Watch this!" he said playing what he'd found in his parents vault. I James Charlus Potter do hereby swear on my life and magic that Peter Brian Pettigrew is to be our new secret keeper. Should anything happen to us it will be entirely his own fault. I Lillian Marie Potter nee Evans do hereby swear on my life and magic that should we die because of our new secret keeper Peter Brian Pettigrew our son Harrison James Potter is to go and live with our much trusted friend Sirius Orion Black who is like a brother to us. He is no way to go to my sister and her abusive husband as none of them like or understand magic and so should he ever live their he will be abused beyond belief before coming to our world at age eleven. There it ended and a lot of people were crying in the stands and eyeing Peter with such hatred you could cut the atmosphere with a knife. "Now Mr Potter obviously we need to declare Sirius Black innocent can you get him here right away?" he asked as Harry nodded and said the spell from his families' archives and had Sirius there immediately. Sirius looked highly betrayed at Harry but was interrupted by the Minister of Magic before he could say anything else. "Sirius Black we know you are innocent of all charges and were put in jail without a trial. We know also that you are an illegal animagus which is not ok. In light of recent evidence we are giving you one hundred and two thousand galleons compensation for the wrong jail time and we are taking back the two thousand galleons as a fine for the illegal animagus thing. From now on you'll be registered with us ok. Now we need to know what you want us to do with Peter Pettigrew as it's only fair you should choose his punishment!" he said as Sirius stood taller. "I want to thank you so much for doing your job minister. I will ensure that everyone knows how amazing you are. I want you to call everyone to the main atrium of the ministry and have them witness Peter Pettigrew's soul being sucked out by the dementors. Everyone is to see I am innocent!" he proclaimed as the minister smiled at that idea. Everyone was called to the atrium and the deed was done with a screaming Pettigrew slowly dying before everyone's eyes as they clapped and cheered for it whilst crying at the sight of Sirius Black. People couldn't believe he'd been innocent the whole time. Barty Crouch Senior who'd been found guilty of putting him in jail whilst knowing he'd had no trial was also fed to the dementors. He wouldn't be at this year's Triwizard tournament that's for sure. A few hours later everything had been sorted out and Harry was delighted that Sirius had been freed. He returned home to the Dursley residence exhausted after some hearty dinner with Sirius and planned to see him much more from now on. It would seem that things in his life were about to seriously get better as he closed his eyes dreaming of blonde things and smiling in his sleep!
Here is the next chapter. I know it's been a long time coming however I had the most epic writers block on this one. I hope you like it. Please read a review thanks love Hermione xxx Sirius went home to number twelve Grimmauld Place a place he'd not been in years. He entered the house and started to cry. It seemed like years had been wasted since he'd been here and he was so upset to be back here. Obviously his mother was no longer alive but that didn't mean he liked it. As he ascended the stairs her portrait started screaming about what a disgrace he was. It was this which brought back the painful memories of his childhood. No one should have to suffer like he had. He whipped out his wand and summoned a lighter to him lighting the portrait on fire. He was surprised that as it caught fire some black essence came from it until the portrait was gone. They had not protected against something so muggle as a lighter as they assumed everyone would just know magical fire spells which the painting was designed to defend itself from. What had been the name of the family elf? He'd need to think about that one for a moment. Oh yes he had it now. "Kreacher!" he called out as the elf came to him giving out about the destruction of the painting. "Tell me Kreacher because I'm curious what was the last thing you were asked to do?" he asked as Kreacher shocked him by bursting into tears. "Master Regulus asked Kreacher to destroy this evil locket but no matter how he tried he could not do it. I have failed him. This locket belonged to Voldemort and Regulus died trying to make things right!" he said as Sirius gasped in awe. "Ok Kreacher give me the locket and I will have it destroyed for you. After which point you can have the locket again. It is the least I can do for my dear late brother. While I am gone clear out this house and put any dark magical items you find into the first normal trunk you find in here. This house is to be clean and normal once again as my godson Harry will live here with me soon!" he ordered as Kreacher looked as though he didn't believe or trust Sirius but handed over the locket looking years younger the second it wasn't in his hands. Sirius flooed to the bank who were shocked to see him there at that late hour. "Please forgive the late intrusion however I had a family emergency and didn't feel safe taking what I found to the Ministry for obvious reasons. They may have done right by me now but I can't trust them properly after the last time although this minister is better then the last. This is I fear a very dark item and he might try and hide it from me instead of dealing with it. My dear late brother Regulus found this and it belonged to Voldemort. He died trying to destroy it. He asked our house elf to do it but he was unable to comply with that order. To be honest I don't even know what it is just that it is dark. Can someone please look at it!" he said setting it on the counter as a huge alarm sounded making all the goblins look at it in disgust. "Lord Black this alarm only goes off for one reason and it is not a good reason. We have many different sounding alarms in this buildings and each sound means something different we have all been trained to recognise. This is one of the foulest dark items ever created and resonates with another of it's kind in the LeStrange Vault here. We know how to destroy them and they will both be placed in an empty secure vault and we will use Fiend Fire to destroy them. After which point you can have the locket back!" he said levitating it in front of him in disgust. Just how dark was the item? I mean he wouldn't even touch it and Kreacher had looked years younger as soon as he'd stopped touching it. He waited for half an hour at which point it was returned to him. "This filthy locket put up one hell of a fight and took the life of a goblin working here however it was so dangerous that it hardly matters as his life was given to save us all. We also have a device we use to tell us the location of any more of these items and we discovered something unsettling. There are two more which are on their way here now. They will reach us in a few days as the magic we use to summon them here to us takes a while to be in affect. Once these items are destroyed we will let you know and can I just say once they are destroyed Voldemort will be mortal once more. I refuse to say anything more about it!" said the Goblin looking relieved. Sirius was shocked and confused but went home with the locket none the less. He gave it to Kreacher who once again cried. "Master Sirius your mother hated you and I am sorry for that. You did all that Kreacher could not. You are my hero. This house will be a glittering jewel by the end of the week. It will take a long time to go through everything but it will be done. I can say because of old Mistress Walburga forgive me please but we will need four trunks for the evil stuff. Please forgive me!" he said nervously as Sirius looked thunderously around the room. "That stupid bitch! I swear to god she was a menace on the face of the earth. Just please do it and stop bloody cowering as that is not the way Black family members behave. She is gone now and just be happy our family can get better once more. I do not want to know what that dark item was so I haven't asked but you do look much younger and healthier since it was done. I picked something up for you on the way home to satisfy my own curiosity!" he said producing a tiny vial of something clear. "Drink it now!" he ordered as Kreacher looked very shocked but did as he was asked. As soon as the weird tasting liquid was gone he looked like he had as teenager when the Black family had just gotten him for the first time. He also felt like that. His magic was much faster then it had ever been. It had been phoenix tears he'd been given. Things were certainly looking up. Back at the Dursley household Harry was content just being ignored and given regular meals when he asked for them which was lovely. They seemed to want nothing to do with him otherwise and he was more then ok with that. Dumbledore had told him before the break why it was he'd need to be returning there each year and he had been researching it. So far the only thing he'd discovered was that for the ward to remain active he'd need to stay with Dursleys for two weeks a year. Dumbledore had not mentioned that and unfortunately Harry could now see why. He was very upset about it. He decided that for the next three years he would stay at the Dursleys for two weeks at the start of every summer. This way it could be done at once and was fulfilling his obligation to the wards. He would consider it like a highly boring two week vacation or something like that which needed to be done for the next three years. After that he was a free agent to do whatever he wanted and Dumbledore could no longer have a say in anything he did. He knew it was probably for the best but that didn't make it any easier. He was hoping for his fourth year to be less dramatic but since when did that ever happen. Dobby was still loyal to him bringing him bits of information he thought to be useful and so far he had brought him a potions book. He had not said where he had gotten it from but it had the name of the Half blood prince on it. "Remember Harry that with the words maxima every spell you do is multiplied in strength. Read this book and it may help you in your future I am not sure. Us house elves hear things and they are not always things we should hear. I cannot say anything more as the house elf I spoke to did not tell me anything more. Hide this book at school. No one can know you have it!" he said instructively as Harry set about reading it and wondering what in the hell Dobby had been talking about. Sometimes that elf could be so cryptic. As he read it he realised why. He decided to do one better and ordered himself a book just like this. He read the first chapter and set about writing in the corrections which were in the book Dobby had given him. He altered the words and what they said so it would not be considered plagiarism or something like that. It would take him a few days to complete but once he was done it would be marvellous. In did in fact take him a week to complete after which point he called Dobby asking him to return the book and that he now had his own altered copy. The Half Blood Prince's book had contained way too much information any way instead of just the sentences which were needed. All he needed to know was how to do things accurately not all the drivel and ramblings in the book as to why it was a good idea. "Dobby! Can you please help me. I want only myself to be able to see what I've written in this book but I don't know what spell to use for it!" he said as Dobby jumped up and down in excitement. "Dobby knows that one!" he proclaimed in excitement as he levitated the book and did the spell as needed. Tomorrow was his first time back with Sirius in their new home together and he was most excited about it. He fell into bed that night a huge smile on his face.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx The next day Harry woke up and put everything in his trunk. He made his bed and ate his breakfast. Sirius called to get him at twelve noon as he'd been doing other things in the morning. "Right then Petunia I'm off. For the next two years you will see me every summer for two weeks. After this I will be leaving your home permanently. See you next year!" he called out leaving as she nodded her response and then quietly said goodbye to him. "Sirius can I ask you something weird? I know why I must stay at the Dursley's for two weeks a year however I get the impression that Dumbledore didn't want me to know that part. I mean I think he wanted me to be in the dark and stay there all summer until such a point that he either rescued me or had me go to Ron's house. Can we please stop at the bank as I want to check my accounts. I think he may have given the Dursleys money to give me care which I never received. I want to insure I don't loose any more money to them!" he said as Sirius frowned. They definitely shouldn't have been given money to care for him when they never once cared for them. They stopped at the bank and approached the counter. "Could I please see someone about my accounts as I want to talk to them about it?" he asked as the Goblin there frowned. "Mr Potter we do need to talk and have been trying to reach you without success and we know why now although it has complicated things greatly. All I can say is we are lucky you came in to see us now!" he said looking relieved as Harry and Sirius were ushered into a nearby office. Sirius elected to stay as Harry wanted him there. "Good day Mr Potter my name is Ripper and I am your account manager. We tried for many years to send you letters however when they were returned unopened we knew something was wrong. You see all our letters are charmed for the account holders eyes only. Someone else may only see the letter if he or she shows it to them. No one else but you may open your letters and eventually we came to the conclusion you simply weren't getting them. We discovered a mail block had been put on you for protection probably against any letters with charms or ill intent in the past but whoever charmed you forgot to take the charm off in relation to us. I am not sure why and we are assuming they forgot about us because if we find out otherwise they will be severely punished" he said as Harry gasped. "I am so sorry about that. I had no idea but I assumed if I wasn't hearing from you it meant things were ok with my account. I feel very naïve and I'm sorry sir! In my second year a house elf by the name of Dobby stopped all letters from my friends reaching me. He tried to save me by doing this however at the end of the year he removed his enchantment and all was well again. Could he have by accident stopped the letters from the bank. Oh please sir don't hurt him. He's had a very hard life and he's a dear friend. He did do the wrong thing but his intentions were very pure indeed" he said panicking as the Goblin looked shocked. "We don't often get referred to as Sir so that is an honour and I thank you for it. It couldn't have been him as this has never worked even since your first year so don't panic. I believe you when you say he did it to protect you but may I be so bold as to ask what he was protecting you from?" asked the goblin sincerely. "Harry might I suggest you show the goblin your memories of that night as it may take a little less time then explaining it would. He can remove a copy of it from your mind and view it here in this projector pensive with us" Sirius suggested as the Goblin agreed it would be a great idea. The memory was removed and Harry sat with the goblin who along with Sirius watched the memory. When they were done an alarm went off in the room they room before turning off. Sirius was ashen grey by the time he'd finished and was shaking. He looked at Harry doing many double takes before realising he knew nothing about the boy in front of him. He would endeavour to learn about his godson as much as he could in the future. "Harry you did two amazing things here both if which I can see you do not understand the significance of. You defeated a Basilisk which means you have the right of ownership over the body of the animal. If you tell us where it is we will take it remotely from it's location here to us and I can assure you that you will get a hefty sum for it's parts. I would like to suggest twenty five million. Do you accept that?" he asked as Harry smiled. "I will take thirty million and I want one fang and a suit of dragon hide armour for myself. You may do as you please with the rest!" he said as the goblin gasped. "You drive a fairly hard bargain but you are also very fair. You shall get the things you asked for. Now you may have noticed an alarm went off in here after we saw the memory as it reacted to something in it. The book you destroyed was no mere book it was a horcrux some of the foulest magic on the face of the earth. As you can tell it went off alerting us to the presence of three more of these one of which is in this bank. We can use compelling magic to summon them to us and destroy them at once. After that point I dare say Voldemort will be easily defeated. We will keep you updated on that. Now that we have that sorted we need to move on to your accounts as we need to discuss them seriously" he said as Harry then paled which made Sirius raise his eyebrows and chuckle. So Harry wasn't scared of Basilisk's or Horcruxes but he was scared of knowing about his accounts at the bank. It was laughable. He gulped thickly not sure if he wanted to hear what the goblin had to say. "I can tell you that Dumbledore left you with your relatives but I'm assuming you already knew that. The thing he didn't count on though was how different the muggle world actually is. You cannot say to someone we will be giving you money from so and so's accounts if they can do nothing with the money. He sent them the money however when they received it, it was in galleon form and not something they could logistically use. This would explain why they may have been annoyed with you at any point. We can see from our records that he kept sending them money they couldn't use. To be honest he is a moron and couldn't even change it first before giving it to them. Now I don't know how they were when you young but I can say I would be very angry indeed!" he snapped as Harry face palmed and growled out in rage. "I mean seriously what kind of fool is he? I got beaten when I was younger and they often discussed how they couldn't afford me and now I find out it was true that they couldn't actually afford me after all. I mean they did spend far too much on their own son and some sort of saving plan would have helped them pay for me but he's an idiot of the highest order. I mean some nights Petunia would cry because she couldn't afford to send me to school and couldn't home school me because she didn't know enough to do it. I don't forgive their behaviour and I doubt I ever will but I can at least see even though it's wrong where some of it does come from" he said as the goblin nodded. This certainly made sense now. "Was that all you needed to tell us?" Sirius asked seriously. "No it most certainly was not! Dumbledore gave a Mrs Molly Weasley some money from your account saying she'd earned it because her son who was from an exceptionally light family had become your friend and you were sure to turn out a light wizard because of it. In total he have her fifty thousand galleons. He also asked her to insure she did everything to make her son continue to be your friend. He did tell her that if you two stopped being friends it would be disastrous for the world at large. I am ashamed to say because of who he is and his titles she believed him. Also I have something else to say which is very unsettling for me as it shows how far his reach actually does go. You will find in your vault a marriage contract for you to marry Ginevra Molly Weasley signed by him and her mother. He convinced her that it would be better this way as this way you couldn't choose a dangerous wife for yourself who would corrupt you. I am ashamed to say that because of his titles and all he's done for our world people do tend to be blindly loyal to him!" he said looking disgusting. "I am not sure how I feel about Ginny yet. Do I have to marry her. I um...I like someone else!" he said blushing scarlet in colour as Sirius looked up in shock. "Who is it Harry...Hermione?" he asked as Harry said no. "No I um well I don't know her name but she's so beautiful. Oh Sirius I can't stop thinking of her. She's Asian but I think I might love her. I don't know. I don't think I would want her to be with me if it was only for my status. Oh god how can I be sure someone won't do that. I mean Ginny is very pretty too I just don't know what to think right now!" he said as they settled in for the afternoon to continue their chat after a lunch break.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx They ate their lunch as Harry thought about all that had been said to him and he was very annoyed indeed. I mean why would anyone believe someone, anyone, without question because of a few titles and such. I mean someone like that could tell you anything and lie and you'd still believe them. In his own opinion if people were willing to believe things like that then they deserved whatever happened to them in their lives because of those choices. As he finished the last of his chocolate mousse desert he wiped his mouth and headed next door to the office once again. They still had much to discuss. "Ok now Harry as I previously stated Dumbledore and Molly Weasley put the marriage contract in your vault however he was so set on you not being with who he might class as a dark witch that he didn't check the vault for any existing contracts which he really should have. Your parents left one for you however they asked that we specify why. Are you ok with me explaining it to you?" he asked as Harry looked too shocked to speak. "I should think so yes. I would really like to hear the explanation of this one and I swear to god after all the shit I've been through she better be somewhat normal!" he snapped standing up and immediately sat back down with a huff. "Well at the time of them making the contract everyone was up in arms over all the things which Voldemort was doing to people. To be honest no one was safe as he was also killing purebloods who refused to follow him as this defied logic in his small mind. People truly became terrified when he targeted even pureblood people whom he was supposed to be all about. People started making marriage contracts for their children so that if they died their children would be secure in the future. It was seen as the only option they had and so they did it. Your parents too did it. The girl is one year younger then you. Her name is Luna Marie Lovegood" he said as Harry looked very shocked indeed. He knew her and she was lovely. Now that he thought about it she looked exceptionally beautiful however he did have concerns about it. "Can I be honest here? I do already know Luna and she's lovely if not highly unusual however I worry she might be under a spell I cannot diagnose myself. I mean would there be a way to get her here and test her without her remembering it? I know that sounds awful but she truly does say the most bizarre things and I really do wish to help in making her better if I can!" he said as the goblin looked shocked. "We will bring her here and examine her quickly and she will be sent home. It will be done quickly and with no fuss. She will not even be missed. We are only doing this as you are such an important figure in our world today and we feel you would not say this unless it was true. Now let's move on as they will give us the results of the tests done on her later. I promise you Mr Potter she will not be harmed. I have to ask you now though who you choose as I know your parents decided you should marry her and then Dumbledore put his own marriage contract in your vault. It's just that with his power these days people might not want to allow you to marry her even if it is what your parents wanted if he chooses to tell them it would be an awful idea. He really does have that much influence on others I am ashamed to say!" he said as Harry looked shocked. "To be honest I still really fancy that Asian girl and I'm not sure what to do. I know I don't want Luna to get hurt I just don't know what I should do. I know I'm probably not supposed to do this but who would you choose?" he asked as it was the turn of the Goblin to look shocked. "Well we don't usually get questions like that here but as you did ask me I will answer with my own opinion. I would be looking at what a certain type of match will give me personally. I would consider that if I marry Ginevra Weasley it will boost her and her families popularity into the stratosphere and you might look good for helping that family to find their way as that is how people might see it. They have not always had the wealth they do now and people do remember how they used to be. This is of course a consequence of Molly accepting money she knew was not hers to accept. I think if she had not done so people would probably not even remember how poor they really used to be" he said pausing to contemplate his next answer. Ripper had made it sound that although the union would be good for that family in general it wouldn't do much to elevate or benefit him in any way. For some reason he couldn't explain he thought it should do something for him at least. Possibly it was because of how he'd been raised or not raised as it were. As he grew up he realised how much he wanted something, anything of his own which he could call his and know that it would remain safely with him at all times and never tarnish. If you grow up as insecurely as he had done you would feel the same way too. He never realised that because Molly had taken his money without his consent everyone would now remember them being poor even if they could no longer remember how or indeed why they had become rich in the first place. He would need to keep a closer eye on that family to insure nothing like this ever happened again. "If I was to choose Miss Lovegood in your position Mr Potter I could make her family look very good however her family could also benefit me with their paper The Quibbler. I could use it for example to give exclusive and true interviews you won't find anywhere else and then that in return would get them more readers and so on. That is just my opinion however and you are free to make your own choice. I just think that..." "Ripper sorry to interrupt but we discovered big problems with the Luna Lovegood lady. She has a problem with her brain because someone has cursed her and then she herself has further damaged her brain as she internalised pain she should have expressed properly but was never able to. We think her father may have cursed her when his grief got too bad as he couldn't stand to see his daughter so sad. We don't think he had ill intent however we do think it has resulted in her shutting down emotionally. We need to give her a special potion to get her to release her emotions safely so she'll be spending three days inside the chamber or two hours outside in normal time. It will ultimately be better for her!" said the goblin who had interrupted them all. As Harry listened to him he could not think of the last time he had ever seen Luna truly feel or even express an emotion. That was bad indeed. "See that it is done and tell us what happens when she is finished in there. Grief does very strange things to us Mr Potter and you must know that Xenophilius Lovegood lost his wife to a magical experiment she was performing. She saved Luna by sacrificing herself. She should never have tried an experiment without either knowing how it would go or consulting him on it first. She never told him about it and he blamed himself for her death for many years as he had not been in the room when it happened. I think he probably blocked Luna's emotions as they were too similar to his wives. My brother is their account manager and told me this in confidence once. I see no reason you shouldn't know it too" said Ripper as Harry gasped. Luna was brought down to an anti-chamber where she was instructed to drink a potion her daddy had ordered her to take. They knew this was the only way they could get her to drink it. She agreed and drank the foul tasting potion before being brought into the time sensitive room. When she arrived there she fell asleep on the bed provided and woke up hours later in floods of tears. She was inconsolable for many hours as she lamented her mothers death. "I mean why me? Why didn't she sacrifice me. At least this way she'd still be here and daddy wouldn't be so lonely. I miss her so much every day. I love daddy so much but sometimes I wonder does he think it's my fault? Does he blame me? I love him to death but I couldn't handle him blaming me for her death. Oh god mum I'm so sorry you couldn't have made better life choices!" she called out crying once more. "Luna I am the account manager of your dad and he did confide in me that he did blame you and himself years ago but he recently said he doesn't any more and it's not fair for him to do so. The point is none of you could have stopped her even if you did try. She loved experimenting and couldn't be stopped even by your dad who really did try. When you get emotional you are just like your mother as I had many emotional conversations with her in her life. She was a dear friend to the goblin nation as she solved a major problem we had here in our youth before she met your father and so was a dear friend of mine. Your father charmed you to store your emotions in your head and not express them because he couldn't handle how like her you were. He didn't know doing it would cause you so much harm. We have removed it now!" he said as she continued to shake and cry. "He only d..d...did what h..h..h..he thought was b..best. I still love him. Oh my god I love him so much. I don't want him to think I hate him or something. I can see why he did it even if I am not happy he did it. I...a..am so s...sorry I am so s..sad. I just loved her so much and I hope she knew that. I saw her die. He doesn't know that because he wasn't in the room with us but I did. Oh mummy!" she called out rocking backwards and forwards in the middle of the bed. She had eventually cried herself to sleep and entered a self magically induced coma as her mind healed itself from within. She woke up two days later looking like she'd had the reality check of a lifetime and actually healthier then she'd ever been. She had some more curves and was a bit taller too. She somehow looked older or more mature and like she now understood everything. For the first time ever her mind actually felt like the fog that had been in it had cleared and she was seeing things a certain way which she never had before in her life. Things would so be different when she returned to school. People would never touch her stuff ever again that's for sure. Back in the office Harry had been informed of how she had dealt with things and he was happy for her. "Ripper I wish to choose Luna as I can see it was what my parents wanted and I trust that they knew what was best for me. Yes the Asian girl is very gorgeous but even I know she would realistically only want me for my status and that hurts to say out loud! As you can by now tell I don't trust Dumbledore as far as I can throw him. We need to find a way to marry and quickly before he can stop us as that would be disastrous. No longer will he have control over me and what I do. He can throw his dummy out as much as he likes he will never again get his way with me" he said as Ripper settled down to think about how they could handle this from now on. It would need to be handled carefully for sure.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Xenophilius was at home when he got the summons to the bank for an emergency and left at once. He was truly concerned that something had happened to Luna as she wasn't there. When he arrived he was shocked as he was stunned and force fed a potion however this had needed to happen when Luna had ordered it. She had seen how much it had helped her and knew her father needed the help too. He would be brought kicking and screaming back into reality whether he liked it or not. It was high time the fantasies in his head ended like hers had. He woke up hours later in the chamber crying much like Luna had done. He initially looked fifty years or so older but as the stress was released from him and he too entered a magically induced coma he started to look much younger then he ever had in Luna's memory. "Tripper thank you for that. I have needed that for many a year whether I realised it or not. I can now of course remember what I did to Luna and I am so very sorry about it. I hope she can one day forgive me. You said there was an emergency so is she here? Is she alright?" he asked in rapid succession as his account manager looked him over. "Yes Mr Lovegood your daughter is here and she has been healed like you have just now. She instructed us to do the same to you so you could all be free. She knows what you did and wishes us to tell you she forgives you however we have do have a problem we need to discuss with Mr Harry Potter who is here with his account manager and my twin brother Ripper. We need to go and see them now and bring Luna with us. All will be explained when we arrive!" he said as Xeno looked shocked but joined him none the less. In a few minutes they all entered the office Harry and Sirius was in. "Ripper brother we are here and we need to hear your plan of action. For those of us not in the know Harry Potter has a marriage contract with young Luna here however Albus Dumbledore and Molly Weasley put another marriage contract in his vault stating he should marry Miss Ginevra Molly Weasley. Harry has elected to marry you Miss Lovegood. Brother you may continue now!" said Tripper as Ripper smiled. "Yes that is all true however we have now hit a problem as we know how much stock people seriously put in what Albus Dumbledore says these days. We know that what he did was great indeed but people need to learn to think for themselves. Harry has been controlled by the man his whole life but has decided that from now on he will do what he wants as and when he wants to do them. To be honest Dumbledore has insisted he marry Miss Weasley as it would steer him totally clear of any dark witches or of making a bad choice on his own" he said pausing to take a drink of his water and insuring everyone now had a seat. Luna sat beside Harry smiling at him and taking his hand in hers giving it a squeeze for reassurance. "Now as I was saying people put so much stock in what he says that he really does have that much power these days. He didn't see the marriage contract already in Harry's vault and to be honest he could and probably would say he doesn't like the idea of Harry marrying you Miss Lovegood. Because of who he is and the influence he has we just know people might seriously believe him and do all they could to stop the wedding. We are currently trying to think of something we can do to prevent him having so much control. Can either of you think of something?" he asked addressing both the Lovegoods. Xenophilius got up and started pacing around the room. He looked concerned for a while and then he sat down again. "I am ashamed to say Dumbledore was talking to me once and told me Harry was going to be marrying Ginevra Weasley when he was older. It was obvious to me he didn't know about the existing marriage contract for Harry and Luna. I was asking him about Harry's personal life for the paper as I thought it might get more people reading it. I am sorry Mr Potter. I was not thinking clearly. I got from speaking to him how seriously he seemed to be about it. I have recommendations for sure but I will need a few hours to complete the things I am thinking of. Tripper is there a goblin method of hiding things which cannot be traced by normal magic?" he asked his account manager who looked at him in surprise. "Yes there is however depending on the item you want hidden and the size of it, it might take a good few goblins to hide it. Do you need us to hide something for you?" he asked as Harry wondered how many other people Dumbledore had told about his so called impending nuptials to Ginny. He was furious. How could Dumbledore do this to him? I mean it made no sense at all. Why would he wish to control him so much? He was feeling so hurt right now although the fact that Luna was holding his hand still made him feel slightly better. "Well I think you and I know what needs to happen next and the items I wish you to conceal are tiny. I wish you to conceal two items of jewellery. I think the only option we have right now is to come back here in a few hours and have Harry and my Luna married here with myself and Sirius as witnesses. It is the only way to stop Dumbledore and his mad plans for control over Harry. Harry son I have heard only great things about you from my dear friend Minerva McGonagall. She has told me how you stopped people bullying Luna and everything. You truly do care about her and that's wonderful. It's all I've ever wanted for her. Welcome to my family son!" he said embracing Harry who stiffened at the contact and then released all the tension in his body. He started to cry as it was the first time an adult who wasn't Sirius had hugged him. "I am so sorry I cried sir but you're the first adult apart from Sirius to hug me. I grew up in less then ideal circumstances Dumbledore put me in and for this reason I hate the man and all he represents. To be quite honest I have always wondered why Luna never stopped herself from being bullied as she is so clever. I can now see why however I don't see that being a problem from now on. Luna has always been a sense of comfort for me and has always kept me grounded when I've felt like I'm going insane. She truly is amazing and beautiful to go with her super smart brain!" he enthused smiling as Luna herself blushed. "You are ok Harry. I have already heard from Tripper that you had an awful childhood as he warned me you guys might be discussing it when we came here. To be honest he didn't give me the details and I'd rather not have them right now as it doesn't need to impact your future. I am so proud my Luna will be so safe and loved. I can tell from how you have always spoken of her that she will be very safe however there is one thing which needs to happen before the wedding. Luna sweetheart I am sorry I did this to us both. I just couldn't stand to see you and me so hurt and so I took our emotions away. I thought it was for the best but it wasn't. Please forgive me. I love you so much my flower. Please take an inheritance test now as I've never had one done!" he said as Luna smiled at her dad whilst crying. "Oh Daddy I know you love me. I love you too you know. I swear I don't hate you. I resent what you did yes but I will eventually move past that as I can see although it was seriously fucked up you did do it for the right reasons. Harry I am so sorry you had such an awful childhood. I can but promise your future will be a bright one. I promise I will always be by your side but we have some serious home truths you need to hear first. And Dad I will do the test in a while!" she said gearing up to talk to Harry about some things which were bothering her but she hadn't been able to say before for obvious reasons. Damn that spell to hell. At least it was now gone and she could think and indeed act clearly. "I can guess that when we grow up in awful situations we expect terrible things everywhere we go and so anything that's not that bad is considered to be ok and I am here to tell you it is not. There are certain realities about your friends you're going to have to face. Ron is not a bad guy but he seriously has jealousy and resentment issues from how he was raised that he has never been able to release properly so unfortunately for him he carries them everywhere with him. You must have noticed how jealous he becomes of you and everyone else around him and if he doesn't deal with them he will not have any friends left. It's harsh but true! Also you need to stop forgiving his every outburst simply because he was probably the first person to ever show you kindness. It shows you are weak when it comes to him and it's not a good thing" she said seriously as Harry looked at her as though he was seeing her in a new light. Gone was the old Luna and here in her place was a very sensible girl who saw more then he ever could and it was most impressive. "Also Neville is terrible at magic and it shows. He needs his own wand as he is a danger to himself and everyone around him like this. His grandmother should have known better then to make him use his dads wand as he told me that once. Hermione would be so much more interesting and have so many more friends if she didn't ostracise herself by always studying and ordering everyone around her to do it with her. No one wants to know someone like that. She needs to focus solely on herself and stop ordering everyone around. I will be telling her this too because although it's hard to hear she needs to hear it. I mean she does this all the time and then has the cheek to wonder why she has no friends. Many people in Ravenclaw wanted to be her friend but she intimidated them so much they couldn't do it. I mean you don't order people to study or spend all your time complaining to others that friends don't study which is what she did! She's so lovely but unfortunately because of her attitude no one will ever know that" she snapped further as Harry reeled back in shock. He never knew that about Neville but it did explain so much about him. They would have to see about him getting his own wand. He knew he'd wished for all his friends to be spell free but that obviously did not include mental problems as shown with Luna and her dad. He knew they'd have to trick Augusta Longbottom as there was no way in hell she'd ever let Neville use another wand. It was ridiculous but he was sure once it was done Neville would be a better person. "I never knew that about Neville and thank you for telling me that about Hermione. I never knew she intimidated people from Ravenclaw as they intimidate me because they're so smart but she and I will need to have a chat about that and she will need to hear some home truths herself. Also I know from speaking to Neville's grandmother that there is no way in hell she'll ever let him have another wand so we'll have to have an exact replica made just with the things which suit him. Ripper please arrange that now and tell me when it's done. As far as I am concerned the sooner the better. Get him here any way you can and then remove from his memory that he ever selected a new wand. He must not remember that and the new stuff he selects must be made to look just like his current wand does. I'll even pay for it myself!" he said as that was done. Neville had been in his garden when he received a portkey to the bank which took him there at once. He was genuinely surprised. "What is the meaning of this? Could you not have asked me to come here instead of summoning me like this?" he asked the goblin who had summoned him. "You are getting a new wand and it's already been paid for. Select a new wood and core immediately!" he snapped scaring Neville slightly. Neville who truly felt nervous just focused and did as he was told. He picked an ash wood and dragon heartstring core. His old wand had to be forcibly removed as his grandmother had charmed him to never give it up freely. The charm had been a strong one indeed. His new wand was made and then charmed so it would always resemble his old one while his old was sent to his vault where it was stored at the back. He was escorted into the room Luna and her father had used and practised all the spells he'd learned so far. He was a thousand times better surprising himself greatly. One hour later he was sent home minus the memory of this occasion with his grandmother none the wiser. He would ultimately be better for the experience and that's all that mattered. Back at the bank it was now four in the afternoon. "Luna are you ok with getting married so quickly? I mean I wanted this to be perfect but Dumbledore interfering all the time will mean we will not have any other opportunity to do this!" he said as she smiled at him. "Yes Harry I understand why it must be like this. I will go now and take my inheritance test. I also suggest you take one too because well you never know. I will see you back here at ten pm and we will marry then!" she said kissing his cheek as she and her father left leaving Harry to panic in the office. He was so excited but nervous. At the end of the day he'd have a wife. The thought alone was enough to stop him in his tracks. He smiled as Sirius clicked his fingers in front of his face bringing him back to reality. "Earth to Harry. Come back to us. We will get the test done now and then you will come with me for we will buy you a suit. I doubt we will be living together after all but I do promise to visit you all the time. I love you son and I'm so proud of you. James would be so proud of you Harry!" he said tearing up as he hugged the youth closer. Harry was shocked to hear that. "Do you really think so Pads? I mean I really do want to make him and mum proud always. I love them dearly although I don't really remember knowing them all that well. I just really hope they knew that or still know that or whatever!" he said seriously as Sirius said they would know for sure. He took the inheritance test learning that he inherited from his mother a property which had been in the Evans line for many years. It was a beautiful cottage with six bedrooms, four bathrooms, a kitchen, dinning room, two living rooms, two offices and a quidditch pitch out the back of it. Contained in the basement of the cottage were two rooms, a potions lab and a duelling room. It was a gorgeous home and he looked forward to living in it. "Ripper may I be made the secret keeper of my own home? I mean to say is that possible as I feel like it would be the safest option for sure. Do you know what I mean?" he asked unsure he was making sense or that what he was even asking for made sense. "You know Mr Potter this is not something anyone ever thinks to ask for and I am ashamed they don't. I do not wish to be insensitive but had your parents thought as you have now they may still be alive. Most people don't think logically in this world however. I can guess if you had been raised here instead of the muggle world you might not think so sensibly. Yes I will make you the secret keeper now. Your house is called The Verge. Ok so when I say my next sentence you will be the secret keeper and you will have to tell Sirius here where you live. You may write to the others telling them where you live. I would not advise telling anyone else for now to be safe. Harry Potter lives at The Verge on Eves Pudding Hill in The Lake District" he said as Harry smiled. Eves Pudding was the name of a muggle desert so it was funny that it was also the name of a street. "Sirius I live at The Verge on Eves Pudding Hill in The Lake District!" he said as Sirius smiled at him letting the knowledge sink in. He sent a letter to Luna and her father about it telling them where he lived. Soon enough the time was upon them to be married as he stood in the celebration room in his beautifully tailored midnight blue suit with silky silver coloured lapels. He was wearing a beautiful black bow tie and a pretty rose adorned his breast pocket. He was shaking with nerves. This would be it. He took a deep breath to calm his nerves but it did nothing for him. He was still nervous as all hell. The two grand golden doors opened as Luna entered his breath hitching. She'd never looked so good in her life. She was wearing a bohemian styled dress which was long a flowing one with matching silver heels to go with the silky cream fabric. Her hair was in a loose bun and she had a daisy chain crown on her head. In her hands she carried a bouquet of lilies which made Harry tear up. He had worn Ravenclaw colours for her and she had carried lilies for his mother. It was a truly beautiful sight to behold. "We are gathered here today to join in magical matrimony these two souls bound together for joy and love all the days of their lives. Who gives this woman to this man?" asked the head goblin who was performing the ceremony. "I do sir!" said Xenophilius smiling. "Face one another and take each others hands. I will now tie this binding chord around your joined hands. You must answer the questions I pose and then repeat after me when I instruct it. Are you both here freely of your own free will?" "Yes." "Are you here to full fill any debts you may have to anyone outstanding?" "No." "Do you agree to love, honour, cherish and support each other all your lives no matter what should happen to you?" "Yes!" "Ok now repeat after me please. I Harry James Potter do take thee Luna Marie Lovegood to be my partner in life, in love and in magic so long as I live!" "I Harry James Potter do take thee Luna Marie Lovegood to be my partner in life, in love and in magic so long as I live!" "I Luna Marie Lovegood do take thee Harry James Potter to be my partner in life, in love and in magic so long as I live!" "By the power vested in me magically I will now ask you recite any vows you may have for one another!" he said as they both smiled at one another. "Luna you are by far the most beautiful and unique woman in the world. I am honoured I get to know you as well as I do and I am honoured to spend all of eternity with you. I promise you that I will love and care for you each and every day to the best of my ability always. You always make me smile and thank god I am here each time I see you. You are a true friend and I shall love you forever in every time line so long as my soul has a place in your heart it can call home. I love you so much!" he said crying and shocking himself with his honesty. That's what the binding chord did to people though. "Harry you are the most beautiful soul I've ever known. You are tender, loving and caring in your own way and sometimes it's not even something you notice. I promise to do right by you always and be faithful to you no matter what should happen. I promise to never believe anything I read about you unless it comes from your own uncharmed lips. I will love you for all eternity until my heart stops beating. You are so beautiful. Never change sweet man! I love you infinity" she said shedding a tear herself. "You have said your deep and honest vows as the binds make you do. Place the rings on the appropriate finger and I will now charm them so as to not been seen by anyone but the four of you here. Even magical eyes will not see them. What magic has created let no man of any kind or status put asunder so mote it be. You may kiss your new husband and I give you Mr and Mrs Harry James Potter!" he said as they exchanged rings and kissed tenderly fireworks sparking all around them. It was a truly breath taking experience for the men watching their children getting married. Sirius wasn't a dad to Harry in the biological sense but he was in every other way. They clapped the happy couple smiling at one another.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx As the fireworks died down Harry giggled. He was finally enjoying himself in his life and it felt fantastic. In his vault the marriage contract for him and Ginny lost it's magical glow it had once had. Him and Luna had way more in common then most people anyway. I mean they had both seen either one or both of their parents die and it's things like this which bring us closer then we could ever imagine. Harry was delighted as she was so unique like him. "Xenophilius I wish to make you a proposal. I was going to do this earlier on but what with everything going on I forgot. I wish to pay you a sum of your choosing to have exclusive rights to write in your paper about me. I trust you to write only honest things about me and I cannot say the same about the Daily Prophet. Unfortunately for me they seem to like lying about me and I am tired of it. I will give you exclusive interviews on things and I will be telling people I am doing it too as I cannot trust the other papers to tell the truth. I truly feel it could get you more viewers. Also as I've been reading your magazine I feel I have some ideas on how to improve it such as a horoscope section and a wanted ads section. What do you think?" he asked as Xenophilius smiled brightly. "You know what Harry I never thought of that before. I mean I thought the papers were always lying about you but I never knew if I was right or not. I mean it's just that some of the stuff they said were so far fetched that I thought they had to be fake. I want two hundred thousand galleons for the year. I will add in your ideas too as I've recently been thinking with a clear head and let's just say I can see why we've not had many buyers of our paper. It looks ridiculous inside and I shall be overhauling it for sure in the coming weeks" he said happily as Luna gasped in surprise. "Daddy I am so proud of you. I will gladly write articles for the paper. Also we should have an educational section where we talk candidly about the teachers of Hogwarts and their quality. Like we could say here is what the Ministry and the Daily Prophet are not telling you or don't wish to know or some such thing like that" she said as her dad smiled at her. "Yes Poppet that would be wonderful! Harry I think you'd be an asset for the paper as well. I will have to think things through but once I'm done I should have a proposition for you as I'd seriously like to hire you to work for the paper in some capacity. Even if it is just writing articles or something like that. What do you say?" he asked a bit afraid when Harry got a smile on his face which stank of mischief. "Well I would be delighted and it's about time someone told the truth. We will have to do an article explaining that if the Daily Prophet does anything which says we are bad it is because the Ministry has told them to as we are saying the truth and they are angry they cannot control us. We will then say if they do try and stop us they will only be proving that we are right. People need to be able to make their own choices without being ordered around by those who feel they know better. For safety reasons until I am seventeen I shall be saying that Luna is my girlfriend and we've been secretly dating for years. I will then say that I am not obliged to tell everyone things about my personal life. Hermione and Ron will just have to get over it!" he said as he agreed. The Quibbler would soon be the paper to beat in magical Britain. There was no dignity in getting power through lies, intimidation or both combined. People would soon see that. As they exited the room into another chamber all the goblins around them fell to their knees confusing the teens until they saw the king of Goblins Ragnock before them. They both quickly kneeled themselves surprised when he spoke to them directly. "Harry and Luna Potter please rise. You have given our people the basilisk for a fraction of what it would usually cost and this will help our world greatly. Luna your mother helped us in her youth in a time of great need for us. She was a friend of our nation and I wish to extend that to you both. Harry I heard you instructed Ripper to give all of the baby toys you'd been sent as a youngster to our goblin children when your mail block was removed earlier this evening. We thank you from the bottom of our hearts. It is this rare kindness which we value so much. The children of our nation have benefited so much from the thousands of toys you'd been sent. Thank you once again for your truly selfless acts. Now that you are married all of your vaults Harry have been combined and moved into this large vault and here is your new key. Luna the same can be said for you. Your vaults will be combined and accessed under the new name of L Potter. You will both have access to each others vaults" he said as Luna turned and kissed Harry so passionately it almost knocked his socks off. "Harry you gorgeous man. I had no idea you had done something so beautiful. You have the purest soul. Never change sweet man!" she cooed at him finding him highly sexy right about now. "Oh well it really was no problem. Besides which Goblins have never lied to or about me so I would rather honest people get those toys. To be honest, honesty is everything to me right now. I've been lied to my whole life about things that it seemed only right to give those toys to your children. When he told me about the ten or so thousand toys I'd received I knew that the goblin children would benefit from them the most. I just think everyone should be able to have things despite their parents status. At least this way all Goblin kids can have!" he said passionately as Ragnock smiled. "In the like vein I have something to tell you that you may not like. Earlier today I captured an animagus who was following you. Actually they were attached to your clothing. We don't know the spell to reveal who they are but we have two choices. We can either kill them or try to find out who they are somehow" he said seriously as Harry thought about what was being said to him. "I will not be responsible for their deaths. I will find out who they are. Sirius knows the spell to make them reveal themselves and we will do it. Then they will be fed some veritas serum and we will see what they think. If their answers are not satisfactory for me they will placed in a jar or something and left in their all of their lives till they die naturally and we will make that container non breakable. That would be better then actually killing them however if they say awful things one of you might have to kill them quickly but let's not be hasty!" he said as they were brought into a room where there was a beetle in a jar struggling to get out. The jar was opened and it was quickly stunned. Sirius performed the spell shocked as Rita Skeeter was revealed to them. Even Ragnock himself seemed shocked. If they'd expected anything this wasn't it for sure. I mean really a reporter. This was the first time this had ever happened in the bank. Ragnock couldn't be sure if she'd intended to rob them or try to learn insider secrets on how they traded internally. Depending on what she said in a while it could be dangerous indeed for her. Harry laughed. Here he was at age fifteen and married. He didn't expect his wedding night to end with an interrogation of someone. It was truly laughable. Luna who had just turned fifteen herself was thinking the same thing. Although she wasn't thinking of anything else really. She was too stunned to do that. They administered the truth serum after reviving her and she was able to be questioned. "What is your name?" "Rita Anne Skeeter!" "Why are you here at the bank?" "I am here because I was sent to follow Harry Potter everywhere he should go in order to find something to discredit him. I think his illegal marriage would do that. Albus Dumbledore has told us all in the Wizengamot that Harry Potter is marrying Ginevra Weasley when he gets older so this won't be allowed to continue I assure you!" "Who sent you here was it Albus Dumbledore himself?" "No it most certainly was not. He does have a life after all. It was Dolores Jane Umbridge." "Why does she wish to discredit Harry Potter?" "She didn't tell me but I am assuming it is so she can have full control over the thoughts of the Minister for Magic. She practically worships the ground he walks on and anyone with a tack of a sense can see that." "What were you planning to do with the information you discovered on Harry's wedding?" "I was planning to tell everyone about it and have him sent through the veil for disobeying those who know what he needs in his life more so then he does. He is a mere child and he would never know what the right choice is. That is why Dumbledore is there to guide him along the right path and away from evil and evil influences. Miss Lovegood is definitely not evil but she isn't what people want for Harry either so their new marriage must be terminated at once!" "Did you plan to do anything else whilst in this bank?" "No not necessarily however if I did so happen to discover anything of use I would have used it later on at some point when I needed to or when I knew it would benefit me. However I didn't learn anything of much use as I was nabbed before I could learn anything." "Why are you doing what Dolores Umbridge wants? Does she have something on you?" "Well Dolores Umbridge threatened to put me through the veil myself if I did not do it. I am an illegal animagus and she found out somehow and said either I stop Harry from having a normal life at all costs or I get it in the neck from her. I quite like my life and do not wish to die so I do as she asks of me!" "What exactly did you witness today?!" "Well Harry was married to Miss Lovegood against the wishes of everyone in the wizarding world once Albus Dumbledore tells to be against it. People believe everything he says because let's face it he's a god and no one would ever challenge him unless they wish to die themselves. I also saw that he is now a friend to the goblin for his good deed towards your children. It's quite frankly disgusting. Our children should have had those toys above yours. I mean you do own the bank and could buy them many toys yourself. He was mean and selfish and many wizarding children without parents will go without toys because of his selfishness!" "Why does Dolores Umbridge fear Harry Potter having control over the Minister of Magic which might I add he doesn't?" "She said if the Minister is controlled by Harry she can't hope to ensure order and control in our world. She said if they are in cahoots the world as we know it will go to hell as Harry will convince the Minister to give squibs and disgraces like that jobs! She said it's either half bloods and purebloods or nothing at all. She told me if she is to remain in power she can somehow find other jobs for the muggleborn people which keep them firmly out the ministry in which they have no place being. She hates them although I don't know what they did to her personally and she has never enlightened me either?" "Have you ever broken the law?" "Yes I am an illegal animagus and have not signed the register. Also I sent a group of Dementors after Harry Potter because Dolores made me do it for her but he wasn't there so they simply killed some muggles and left the area. I wanted Dumbledore to think of me favourably. I mean if he and I get into a relationship he can get me places no one else can and he can protect me from Dolores. I don't care what she wants truly I am just doing it so she doesn't hurt me!" "Did you see Dolores Umbridge at any point break the law herself?" "Yes she put something in the Ministers coffee but I don't know what it is. He was very happy afterwards though so I am assuming it was a good thing. Also she ordered a stack of blood quills from the bank under the name of Molly Eckhart. She was given twenty two in total and told the bank that it was for top secret ministry business. She lied and said she had been sent there by the Minister himself but he never sent her there. I only know this as she bragged about how easy it was to fool you all once. I don't know what the quills are really for but knowing her it is not something wholesome." "Well Harry it would seem she is doing all of this to get away from the pressures of Dolores Umbridge whom it would seem is intent on hurting you if it gains her power. I do not trust Rita Skeeter but I trust Dolores Umbridge less. Rita is doing this for fear of her life. I will erase everything from her mind including everything Dolores has told her to do. I feel this way Dolores will trip up on her own. She is a live wire that one and we will be monitoring her using a special type of Goblin method we recently developed. We will be sending her a bank statement which when opened by her will expel a bit of smoke. While that's happening a special powder will attach to her skin which will monitor her actions so we may see them here at the bank. This powder is invisible and very useful. This is most important!" said Ragnock doing as he had stated. Rita did not have good views but anyone could see she truly was terrified of Dolores Umbridge. They erased her memories and sent her home with a mild case of the flue. She would be out of work for a few days at least. They had decided to write to the Minister thanking him for his order of quills and to tell Molly Eckhart she had been most polite when asking for them. It would certainly get him asking questions which for now was good enough. Soon enough it was time to go home as Harry and Luna prepared to floo to the Verges. They were so excited about it. It would be a good night for sure.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Harry tumbled through the floo once more. You'd think after years of using a floo he'd be better at that but here they were none the less. He sure hoped Luna wouldn't laugh at him but he needn't have worried as she never would have laughed at him anyway. They arrived into a very cosy looking living room. There was a puffy comfortable couch in front of a roaring fire which surprisingly enough had a large television on the wall above it. To the side of the fireplace were two equal sized wall recesses which had a book shelf inside one of them and a large glass cabinet in the other one. The bookshelf had books on various muggle and magical things and the glass cabinet was full of Lincolnshire and Waterford Crystal wares. It was truly beautiful to look at. The room was cream coloured and the furniture within including a couch, two armchairs at either side of the fireplace, a side board with a gramophone on it and lastly a coffee table were all of the highest standard. The couch was a gorgeous teal shade and the armchairs were a cream and gold and shade in colour. On the coffee table he found a note there which oddly enough was from his mother. Harry, I know per the wishes in our wills you will have been raised in the magical world so will not understand televisions or how they work but they show us several moving photos with speech attached to them. The people talking on the televisions usually are actors who must learn lines and so on. When I was eighteen I became addicted to a show called Dallas. I mean the hottest storyline right now is who shot JR? It's so cool. Anyway I had to have a TV installed here because I couldn't miss it. I know your father James doesn't understand but he doesn't need to. This home also runs on both magic and muggle means. Thirty Galleons a month from my account is used to pay the electricity bill each month automatically so you don't have to arrange it. Look you may not understand electricity but I couldn't be doing with candles and oil lamps. I mean come on it's not the nineteenth century or something silly like that. The remote control on the table here turns the TV on and off with the power button which says power above it. Also you will see two buttons which have a plus and minus on them. One is called channel and the other is called volume. One controls the volume of the device and the other one controls the channel you see. A bit like a wireless. If you dislike what your watching or hearing change the channel and you will hear something different. You can do that multiple times until you find what you like. I am so proud of you my baby. Times are indeed dangerous for us and I am assuming I will not be there to watch you grow up as you really have no notion how extremely dangerous things are. Listen to Dumbledore he's a good man and can guide you in the right path but also watch him. Keep constant vigilance son. He is not whiter then white and that is all I will say on the matter. He lied to me about something small and inconsequential and if he can do that I am not sure what to think. I still believe him a good man but he may lie if he feels it might be in the best interest of others for him to do so. Just be careful is all I'm saying. You should know that there are families out there which your father does not trust but it is purely because they say they neutral. Such as the Zabini family. He says Neutral people are stupid people who choose to not involve themselves in anything and are not allowed to sit on the damn fence like idiots. I only say this because it is not my view. Some people are safer being neutral as it keeps them from harm something your father will not see for reasons I don't know. Please promise me you will befriend Blaise Zabini and give him a chance. If he does something to show you he is not trustworthy I will not mind if you leave him and are then not his friend. Please if you see Severus Snape tell him I have grown up and as a consequence I forgive him. James hated that man and treated him awfully in school but he grew up and unfortunately I cannot say the same about Severus. Harbouring resentment does lead one no where. Tell him I said he needs to look after himself and that this does include washing his hair. Tell him he knows that this should mean something special he and I have not spoken about in many years. He will know what you mean. Luna, sweet Luna your mother was a dear friend to me and I knew for this reason I wanted you to marry my Harry when you got older. I really hope you two are very happy together. May I say welcome to the family little girl. We love you dearly already and I am sure you have grown up to be a bright young girl. Your mother is always boasting about how much she loves you and how proud she is of you. She thinks you are a miracle you know. I think she had trouble conceiving you if I'm honest. Please look after Harry as if my thoughts are correct he won't have us as a child. He will need you so much sweet girl. Sirius dear friend thank you so much for all you've done in raising Harry. We know we had Peter be our Secret Keeper but it is you who has done the most for us. We love you dearly. Have a wonderful life and Marry that girl I know you love. By the way she feels the same as she told me that. Also tell Remus when you can he will always be the most special person I've ever known for being able to face such constant adversity with his condition and still come out the other side of it whole. I am so proud of him. I have never been sure why he is the only person with that condition which Dumbledore agreed to have educated in Hogwarts but I am so happy he did. Harry your father and I love you so much. He always was useless at writing henceforth why you'll never see anything written by him. Love as always your mother Lily Marie Potter nee Evans. He read the two page letter in awe. He then showed it to Luna who read it with enthusiasm. She was very happy by the end of it. Her mother sounded like a wonderful woman from this letter too. She was of course wonderful but it was lovely knowing Harry's mum had thought so too. The fire was lighting with a gorgeous glow and Harry was shocked that such a humble thing could make him feel so great. The Dursley's had insisted that he never enjoy the warm and comforting glow of a fire instead choosing to give him an old jumper of Vernons to keep warm in. It stank to high heaven of whiskey and sweat. He had resented that so much. He swore from now on to watch every TV programme he wanted to and to enjoy this fire as much as he wanted to. It was his after all. Summoning a blanket to him he snuggled by the fire with Luna in his arms and switched on the TV to see a programme about updating a muggle house. It was called homes under the hammer and he loved it. Luna too was fascinated by this. He jumped whipping his wand out in shock as two cups of hot chocolate and a plate of shortbread biscuits appeared there before them. Dobby shocked him then by appearing there before him looking very nervous indeed. "Harry Potter sir must try not to be mad but when you freed me from bad master Lucius magic automatically bound me to you. I could see that you were so happy with the idea of me being a free elf that I told you that. I didn't wish to scare you. I only want to serve you both every day for the rest of my life. I am honour bound to tell no one of your marriage because I serve you. Please tell Hermy that elves die without feeding on someone's magic in return for the work we do. Please don't be mad!" he said cowering and shocked looking as Harry threw his wand on the table and embraced the elf in a huge hug. "Oh Dobby I am disappointed you didn't tell me sooner but I am most certainly not mad. I am not now nor will I ever be your old master. I am a kind man Dobby. You are never allowed to punish yourself and you are to tell me everything anyone ever says about me even if it is bad and will hurt my feelings. Ok? I will always be mad at the person who said the things and not you! You must promise never to lie to me ever again though" he said as Dobby smiled brightly relieved Harry didn't hate him. "Dobby gives a vow now he will never lie to Harry ever again and he is sorry sir!" he said smiling as Luna bent down and hugged him. "Hello Dobby how have you been? Harry this elf here is the smartest and kindest elf I know. He never once judged me when I was shall we say different. Dobby I did not have emotional maturity as someone took it away making me experience no emotions so as you can tell now I am indeed different. Things will be changing for sure from now on. You may join us here if you like or if not go and sleep somewhere comfortable you sweet elf!" she said kissing his cheek as he blushed and said he was going to bed. "On that note Mrs Potter you need to see that people taking your stuff and stealing it is a form of bullying and not one you should ever have tolerated" he said as she smiled at him and then frowned making him confused. "Harry one of the people who did that to me the most was Cho Chang the attractive girl from my house which you liked the look of very much. I will be dealing with her properly when I return. I can now feel everything and nothing will ever go unnoticed by me ever again!" she said worried what Harry might think about the Cho Chang part. "And to think I thought she was beautiful. There is no one with an uglier soul then someone who bullies people. I've been there as a child and it sucks. If she puts one more toe out of line and you do not get there first I will!" he promised as they out the TV and headed into the bedroom to go to sleep. It had been an exhausting day and they both fell into the king sized bed into each others arms and conked out. It would be interesting for sure when they returned to school in a few days.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx After spending weeks together in the house and having Sirius and Xenophilius over for dinner many times Harry was feeling very content and actually looking forward to returning to school. He'd noticed since the Horcrux had been removed he was slowly discovering talents he had which were slowly but surely revealing themselves. For example he now had an eidetic memory which was so useful. He would probably be outshining Hermione in most classes now. He wondered what that would do for their friendship as Ron was not the only one who experienced jealousy in relation to him. Obviously Hermione's jealousy was usually over stupid such things as him having a better edition of Hogwarts A History then her which in his mind was ridiculous. I mean she could have chosen to buy a better version for herself but didn't. Why bother getting jealous if it was about something as stupid as a book. He had since revisited the Potter vault and had taken a special trunk from it which had been more powerful then his own one. He'd had his initials replace the faded ones on it and was delighted. This trunk automatically took a list of everything ever put inside it. It would send this list to Ripper Harry's account manager to keep watch of. It would tell him if anyone other then Harry and Luna accessed the trunk and Dobby didn't count as he'd probably do it from time to time naturally any way. Depending on what happened charges might be brought against those who took anything. This trunk was also charmed so that after something had been taken it was always returned to the trunk within five minutes. It would disappear from the persons hands if it was in their hands. This was so they couldn't keep it for themselves. Harry had added a charm for Severus Snape and Dumbledore that should they ever touch or charm anything he owned including the heirlooms they would get painful boils on their bums which would last forty eight hours. He could imagine the pain Severus would feel as he sat down and laughed at it. It was the last night before they left for school and Luna and Harry were having a gorgeous Italian meal together. Dobby had picked them up some butter beers and they were truly enjoying themselves. They had been intimate with one another on many occasions however tonight they had decided to go all the way. As they lay in bed together Luna removed her top allowing Harry's eyes to bug out of his head at her chest size. "Luna do you like to wear those floaty things to hide these? I mean I never realised you were quite so hot under your clothes. On the face of course but underneath wow! I guess I've always been so nervous before that I never truly saw how you looked. I'm sorry about that" he stumbled around his words blushing wildly as she smiled. "Well to be honest you are the largest man I've ever seen and I often wonder will it even fit. I'm not a virgin technically. I've never had sex and I know you haven't either however I lost mine while horse riding at the age of six. It was a bit painful but once they checked me over at St Mungos they told me what had happened and that it was alright. It will not hurt me that way per say but just be gentle and prepare for anything because I might be pretty wild myself you never know! I expect it will still hurt to some degree but don't worry as that happens to all girls on their first time. I trust you sweet man" she said smiling as he leaned and peppered her size d chest in kisses and making her moan aloud. He was really good at it and as the air hit her nipples they grew large, thick and sensitive. She almost shrieked when he sucked them. They had only had oral a few times so he already knew she was super sensitive there. His hand slipped inside her pants where he teased her pussy to an orgasm as she moaned out loudly spewing many curse words from her mouth as it overwhelmed her. She then reached into pants and began stroking his member as he caressed both of her boobs and watched her as she leant down to suck him after she'd released him of his pyjamas bottoms. They had read in a book on sexual health that condoms did not work with magical folk so they would need to use the contraceptive charm which they had learned how to prefect for this occasion. Harry had enough time to charm Luna's belly for her before he grunted out and exploded all over her tits panting as though he had run a marathon. He never understood why he felt like that after he came each time. It was something he'd need to look into in the future at some point if he remembered it of course. He'd been intimate with Luna before but now he was truly seeing her and it was beautiful. She slipped off her pants to reveal some boy shorts with a lace trim on them which he removed after he'd removed his own boxers properly first. It didn't take long for Potter Junior as he'd jokingly referred to his dick as once to become hard at the sight of his now very hot wife. The fact that no one else but those at the wedding knew of their marriage was an even bigger turn on. It was like they were sneaking around somewhere and although they could not be caught the thrill was still there none the less. As she kissed him she gently lowered herself onto his raging hard on and hissed as he split her open or what felt like that any way. She didn't have a hymen any more over the whole horse riding thing but that didn't have to mean it didn't hurt. She stilled on top of him tears in her eyes. He was stretching her and although it did hurt she knew the first time needed to hurt. She told him this when he got concerned for her and he was relieved it happened to every girl and not just Luna. After a while she moved on her own and hissed as she slowly moved up and down on him. She had completely underestimated his size and indeed length. He was if she was honest almost touching her cervix but she didn't tell him that. After moving slowly and rhythmically for a while she started to speed up and eventually started moaning in pleasure. "I fell weird Harry. I've never felt like this before. Do what you did just now again. YES! Like that. Please oh please Harry touch that spot again. UGH! I'm going to come I'm almost sure of it. Oh god yes. Merlins Balls that's good. Oh god Harry come with me!" she called out her pussy pulsing deeply against his dick squeezing him tightly as some fluid spurted out of her and he exploded within her. She slowly released herself from within him wincing in pain and pleasure. "How was it my love? I mean for my first time it was better then I could have hoped. I know I hurt you and I know you said it was meant to hurt you as it does with most women but that doesn't mean I have to like it. Here take this pepper up please. I know you'd rather not do that just please humour me. I love you so much!" he said kissing her as she smiled at him and did as he had asked of her. "It was more special then I could have imagined and to be honest I am exhausted. You are larger then you look especially when inside me. It was very hot. I will take this but only because you're so nice. I love you too sweet man!" she said drinking the potion and then kissing him as they fell asleep together. They'd be heading back to school tomorrow and would be in for one hell of a shock when they arrived. They were just drifting off into a deeper sleep when an owl appeared at their bedroom window, waking them at once and was let in before depositing a letter and leaving. They opened it and read it together. The writing was small but they could read it none the less. Mr Potter and Miss Lovegood, Professor Flitwick and I Professor McGonagall need to meet you both after the feast tomorrow evening for a serious chat. You have done nothing wrong I assure you. Quite the opposite actually. We will be discussing it in more detail tomorrow. Remember you are not in trouble and please keep this meeting to yourselves. Have a safe trip on the train. Signed Minerva McGonagall and Filius Flitwick. They wondered what it was all about as the teachers had implied they themselves had done something and not the other way around so they would wait in anticipation for that meeting tomorrow. They drifted off to sleep together excited about returning to school for another term. They woke up the next morning eating the hot breakfast Dobby had made them. They were ready to go when he appeared before them smiling. "Take this basket with you. Inside it has food for the train journey. It be coming back to me once you are finished eating and will not leave you till all the food inside it is gone. Enjoy your trip and I will be there at Hogwarts to watch over you all. I promise no will hurt you!" he said passionately as they hugged and kissed him and left together. Harry's owl Hedwig and Luna's owl Persephone went on ahead as they would much prefer to fly there then be stuck inside the train. They arrived and found an empty compartment and sat beside one another reading books until the others arrived. Ron eventually arrived with Hermione right behind him. He entered the compartment with raised eyebrows when he spotted Luna there. "Harry mate where in the hell were you? We went to the Dursley's to get you and they told us you weren't there because you left. We checked with charms and they were telling the truth. Dumbledore did not have time to come and get you himself this time so he sent us instead" he said sounding panicked. "Well Ron those charms on my relatives home only mean I must stay there two weeks a year. I went to my other house for the rest of the summer. I am not obliged to tell everyone everything any way. Had you asked or thought to ask me about it you'd have known I have one. Just because I don't mention it is not my problem. I have never volunteered information on anything in my life and I'm not about to start now!" he responded normally when Hermione looked at him disappointment in her eyes. "Harry I can appreciate that but it's seriously not cool to worry your friends like that. We had feared you dead but Dumbledore said he had life monitoring devices for all of his students which told him you were alive and happy. As your best friend I would have appreciated a letter from you this summer. This is not on at all however you are fine so I will stop now. Hello Luna how are you? What brings you to our compartment today?" she asked kindly but in a way that showed she was highly uncomfortable with her being there and as though she would seriously rather she left them alone. Now that Luna had her emotions back she could see that whereas before she would have been unable to see it. "Well Hermione I do not see your name anywhere on this compartment in particular. It is a free country and I may sit where I feel like. Today I felt like sitting with Harry because Harry whether you like it or not I cannot do this any longer. I am sorry and I understand you only did it for my safety but people have a right to know now. I can protect myself and I intend to do so properly. Harry here is my boyfriend and has been for the last year and a half. He didn't wish anyone anywhere to know about it as he was scared someone might try and hurt me but it's ok for you to know now!" she said as Ron burst out laughing. "Mental that one I'm telling you. Yeah Lovegood pull the other one. I mean we all know Harry will be marrying Ginny in the future. I mean even he knows that don't you mate?" he asked as Harry frowned. "Ron Luna is my girlfriend and even if I ever wanted to date Ginny I simply couldn't. She has red hair like my mother and the idea of dating someone so like my mother gives me the creeps quite honestly. What's mental is that I feared telling you and others about it. Well you know now" he said as Ron's face went red with rage. "But Dumbledore told us you'd be marrying Ginny and it would bring so many good things to my family. People remember how we used to be for some reason I don't know. I was going to be with Hermione at some point when I'd plucked up the courage to ask her and then you'd be with Ginny. We'd be a real family and you'd at last have a family who could love you. Dumbledore told us you missed that in your life and so we had a duty to give it to you as good people!" he stressed as Harry looked shocked. "Ron if Dumbledore told you it would be good to jump off a bridge would you do it? That man is the reason I was even with my relatives and experienced no love so he doesn't get to try and ease his own conscience by saying you guys must give me love. He regrets probably that he is the sole reason I grew up in house of hatred and so on. I do not blindly trust that man and you shouldn't either. I have the title of the boy who lived but I am not better or worse then any of you. I think we are all equal! I love Luna very much and she has made my life worth living. She in an angel in the world of darkness in which Dumbledore put me!" he snapped as Ron seemed to become intolerably angry but then went silent like he was having an internal battle. The doors swung open Malfoy standing there looking smug. "Look who it is. The Mudblood, the blood traitor, the half blood and the pureblood lunatic pardon the pun. If this isn't the biggest bunch of misfits I've ever seen. Pity Weasley that even with your financial upgrades you still live in a shack and still have robes of a lesser quality then mine. I mean will you ever stop disgracing yourself?" he sneered laughing. "I may have been crazy and last year you would have been right but I've been to a healer Malfoy and let's just say I am better. If you do not want to piss in your pants I would suggest leaving now while you still can. I do not take crap from anyone in my house and I am not taking crap from you either. Hermione's parents are muggle people and the only disgrace here is you. Ron's family probably live in the same house because they want to and Harry here betrayed no one. If you want to see crazy I can do that but I'd rather not have to, to be honest!" she said seriously as he withdrew his wand so fast it almost made Ron's head spin. "How dare you threaten me you weak crazy little bitch!" he shouted as she raised her wand and pointed it at him nothing coming from her mouth as he was cursed and placed in binds with a dazed expression on his face while his two lackeys joined him. They were floated into the toilet and locked in there as a punishment and their memories were erased before anyone could say anything. "Luna that was amazing I didn't know you could cast silently. How did you learn to do that so soon? We're not supposed to learn that until our sixth year! Did you read a book I don't have access to? That's not fair. I want to know how to do that too!" Hermione pouted as Luna looked shocked. "Well Hermione it's a trait my family has always had. Every family has a trait somewhere along the line we inherit. I'm sure you've even inherited a trait from your family yourself" she said as Hermione blushed. "Yes this summer I discovered I am the heiress of the Noble and Most Ancient house of Dagworth Granger and I have inherited the ability of perfect potion making however that's a rather moot point as I was already brilliant at it. I was most disappointed. I mean really if I was to get a talent I'd rather it be a good one. Harry where did you get that edition of Hogwarts A History? I've never seen it before in my life in any of the shops and trust me I've looked in all of them. Why is that?" she moaned as he rolled his eyes. "It belonged to my mother which is why you've never seen it before. I got it at the bank this summer. I might let you read it sometime" he said as she informed him that he simply had to. Ron was still furious Harry was dating Luna and vowed to stop it at all costs but didn't remain immune to all Harry had said about Dumbledore either. He'd get him with Ginny at all costs for the benefit of his family but wouldn't blindly trust Dumbledore either any more. They arrived at school after finishing Dobbys snacks and sharing them with everyone. "Harry James Potter I am most disgusted with you for having a house elf! The one thing I hate the most in the world is servitude and you should have remembered that. You are so disgusting to me right now I can't even look at you!" she shouted at him crying and looking as though she'd been awfully betrayed by someone she trusted the most. "Hermione most of the house elves of Hogwarts won't even clean our dorms any more because they are terrified of you. If you give an elf clothes it frees them and kills them if they don't have a family to go to. You nearly killed ten elves last year who were thankfully able to bond to the school without dying. If they don't have magic to sustain them they die. They do the chores and things we ask them as repayment for our magic keeping them alive. If they don't do that they die and they live for chores. If you tell them not to as I've personally learned they get very mad and depressed. Next time speak to them before coming to such conclusions. Not every answer can be found in a book just saying" he snapped as she reeled back in shock crying heavily now. "I am so sorry Harry I truly didn't know that. Don't insult books in front of me please as it's too distressing when you do that. I will always read them and believe what they say because you can't publish lies in school books. Other books maybe but school books no because that would be dangerous. I will not hear otherwise so don't even try. Luna I am happy for you both even if I think it's bizarre as you two truly have nothing at all in common. I had thought Harry didn't even really think of you before now however that was probably his good acting or something. Come on let's go!" she said as they headed up to the school for the feast. After the sorting Dumbledore looked in Harry's direction confusion and relief written on his face. He was happy Harry was ok but was confused as to why he had not gone to the Weasley household when they came to get him. Where had he been? I mean he'd done the two weeks so the charms would remain in place but it was unsafe for him to be anywhere Dumbledore could not not guarantee death eaters wouldn't be. He'd need to meet him tomorrow to discover where he'd been. "Welcome everyone to Hogwarts and we welcome all the new first years. This year will be interesting for sure. I am here to introduce some new teachers to you all. This here is Professor Dolores Umbridge who will be taking the post of DADA this year as the Ministry deemed her to be the most suitable for the job. I am sure you will learn many practical things in her lessons. I..." "Hem hem! Thank you for that introduction Albus but I will take it from here. Welcome students and may I say you all look so sweet smiling up at me. I look forward to teaching you all and I know we'll all be great friends indeed!" she said as people including Dumbledore clapped for her as she bowed and sat down. She was actually annoyed as the Minister had confiscated her blood quills saying that no one in the Ministry was permitted to have them accept him now. Something about being tipped off by a letter about someone having illegal ones. She had kept one quill which she didn't give him though as you never knew when one of those would be necessary. "Thank you Professor Umbridge. Now Professor Hagrid here will be teaching a new Ministry approved course so he doesn't actually teach you about any harmful animals unless of course it is from a book. I warn you all now listen to his instruction as those who get hurt because they did not will get no sympathy from me or anyone in this castle whatever your house!" he said his gaze heading to the Slytherin table where his face grew pale. It would seem no one had noticed Malfoy and his three lackeys were not there. They were currently confused in a locked bathroom stall on the way back to London. He would deal with that later on. "Now the list of forbidden things is on Mr Filch's office room door for a reason. Please read it. The Forbidden Forest is just that forbidden to all students who are not accompanied there by a teacher. In the summer we found a herd of spiders living there which were exterminated as they posed great threat to the Centaurs living in the forest. The centaurs are not dangerous but should you go there with a teacher do not provoke them. No one here is above the law. All policies in this school will followed accurately and no dangerous detentions will be given. All students will do as their teacher asks of them. I leave the responsibility of safe detentions with that teacher. Now enjoy your feast everyone!" he said as the food arrived. Harry was starving and couldn't wait to eat. He'd be so excited about his meeting later on with Luna as he was most interested to hear what they had to tell him.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Harry ate his dinner and when he went to eat his desert of treacle tart his wedding ring vibrated and made him feel uncomfortable internally. For some reason he couldn't explain he suddenly realised that he shouldn't eat this piece of pie and when Neville wasn't looking he switched them out with his. He would learn later on of exactly why he shouldn't have done that however in his defence he didn't understand his feelings and or where they came from. After dinner McGonagall and Flitwick called him and Luna away from their friends for a meeting explaining to their friends that they just needed to speak to them for the moment and that nothing was wrong. Ron tried to insist on going with them but a mild threat of detention from McGonagall stopped him as he went on about his way. Hermione was most suspicious about it but figured they were probably being given the talk since they were now a couple and put it out of her mind. They entered Professor Flitwick's office and sat down on the comfy chairs he'd provided while Professor McGonagall sat beside him. "Now then as our letters stated you're not in trouble and have done nothing wrong. I have a story to tell you now and then I shall explain myself. During the summer a dear friend of mine working in another magical school was promoted to head of house as her job. She got in touch with me to ask me all about what is usually involved in a job like that and as I started to tell her I felt like I had been slapped across the face with a fish or hugely shocked if you will. I realised I needed to speak to another staff member about it hence Minerva here. I realised I did not practice what I preached and I am sorry for that" he said suddenly shocking them both. If they had expected anything from him that would not have been it. "This is where I come in Mr Potter. When he was speaking to me about his feelings he told that Professor Sprout and Professor Snape whom he'd already spoken to told him what they did and it was indeed normal. I then realised I was like him and that I have not been doing my job properly. When you have more then one title such as myself and Filius here you will learn you cannot hope to do everything correctly and he has three titles. The only time I ever truly went to my house was in an emergency and for no other purpose. If you asked me now what happens in my own house on a day to day basis I am ashamed to say I could not tell you!" she said seriously as Filius squeezed her hand for comfort. "I am the charms professor, head of Ravenclaw House and the nephew of King Ragnock head of the Goblin Nation. I had jobs to do for the bank on my summer holidays and because I knew I would be too busy to focus on my head of house duties I placed charms in Ravenclaw which would report to me what was going on when I was not there. I was however always too busy to actually read them. Suffice it to say after my conversation with my good friend I sat down and read them and was appalled with what I found on them. I realise that you could not come to me because quite frankly I would have been too preoccupied to help you properly. I failed at my job with three titles I can only imagine what Albus Dumbledore misses in his job. As of right now I have confiscated Miss Cho Chang's trunk leaving only her books and uniform behind. She will not have it for two weeks as a punishment for stealing from you for years. Also she loses Ravenclaw one hundred points and I will be telling the house as a whole why as well tomorrow. I intend to make an example of her tomorrow so others may learn from her actions. I will no longer be lax in my job and Ravenclaw will see changes for sure as I am most disgraced with myself!" he said mournfully as both Harry and Luna gasped in shock. "Thank you so much Professor. Professor I need to tell you something of importance now and I'll trust you both to tell no one although Harry knows already. In the summer I got a check at the bank and discovered someone had prevented me from experiencing emotions at all which is why I always acted so bizarrely. Put it this way I am very different now. I know who it was and it has been dealt with appropriately. It was done with the best of intentions but it backfired on the caster and that is all I will say" she said as he gasped at her himself. "Thank you Luna for trusting me with that information and I promise you it will not leave this room. I can safely say I did nothing to earn that trust but right now we will wipe the slate clean for us and my house and start again. I have been guilty of giving people a happiness broth when they've come to me over being bullied and so on but no longer. I will deal with everything now. The Headmaster cannot interfere with anything done within a house as that is in our rules and by-laws. Ravenclaw will be a different house for sure in a weeks time" he said smiling at her as Minerva looked at Harry wondering what he was thinking as he looked nervous. "Professor's I am worried I may have accidentally done the wrong thing tonight but I am not sure if I did or not and I apologise in advance if I have. I will accept any punishment you give me without question. I love treacle tart and tonight at dinner my magic or something I am not sure what it was told me that something was seriously wrong with my slice of pie. I gave it to Neville and took his pie slice quickly without thinking as his didn't make me feel bad. It may have been nothing but I truly meant him no harm. I wasn't thinking clearly!" he said as they both gasped. "Mr Potter did you feel as though you were vibrating and you felt generally off?" Professor Flitwick asked seriously. Harry nodded yes and he got up and left the room for a moment. He returned and sat down again. "Neville is currently sedated in the hospital wing being treated for a poison in his blood. It was a love potion targetted towards Ginevra Weasley. Let's just say he was apprehended trying to break into her dorm room asking what she had done to make him so crazy. It is being investigated but you did the wrong thing. I will have to remove twenty points from Gryffindor and you will serve a detention with me where I will show you how to detect poisons in your food without being seen if you need to do so. You are lucky it was a minor poison as he will be fine tomorrow night. Please think before you act and thank you for your honesty as I do admire that" he said as Harry sighed in relief at the fact that Neville wasn't truly hurt. "I am most disappointed in you Harry but at least you said you were sorry and were honest about it. Five points to Gryffindor for your honesty as most people would have denied it in your position which you did not and there is some admiration in that. Now in the past I have often been so busy that I have merely given my students the advice to keep their heads down and not draw attention to themselves to keep out of trouble which is useless advice as most of them don't know what that actually means. We have forgotten what it even means to be in Gryffindor and in the morning we'll be having a house wide meeting because some serious problems need to be aired out publicly. Also the dorm situation is now gone there as I can no longer trust it. Too many people were discovered accessing trunks that weren't their own to either put stuff in or indeed take stuff out. From now on each year will have six boys rooms and six girls rooms. Each room will have an en suite and a walk in closet and your normal beds" she said watching him closely. "Miss Lovegood the same is true of Ravenclaw House as a whole as we too have forgotten what it means to be a Ravenclaw and this will be seriously discussed. I had until a few weeks ago forgotten what my own role even was and I am disgusted with myself however we can only go onwards and upwards from now on. We will hold weekly meetings there as Professor McGonagall has told me she will be implementing such changes in her house too. I will meet with each year group every week separately to discuss any problems we may be having as a year and we will be airing our dirty laundry whether we like it or not. We will be candid and blunt if we must and then we will move on. A problem shared is a problem halved. My house has certain traits and while we all have these traits to take them as literally as some members of my house have done is not ok at all. Oh believe me this will be enlightening for us all!" he promised actually looking a little bit scary. "My house too will undergo changes. I have recently discovered through various means that forty percent of my cubs don't even know the location of my office. What in the hell was I thinking? From now on you will see me in there more often for sure. And as a new rule I am implementing every student will be checked for their own wand. If the wand they have is not their own because they could not afford one the board of governors have granted me funding for this. It is not only reckless but dangerous as well. We believe this to be the safest course of action. Also speaking of safety all the school brooms have been updated to top of the line nimbus brooms which will belong to the school but be used by the various school Quidditch teams. No more accidents for them and Madam Hooch is most excited about it. It's about time something good happened in that class" she said as they both looked excited about the changes they were hearing about. "To be honest Professor I've often felt there's no point telling you anything because you're either too busy or don't care enough to listen to me. I am glad you will be changing that now. I also wanted to tell you that Luna is my girlfriend and has been for the last year and a half. I am only telling you this because of what happened to Hermione when people wrongly believed we were dating. I just wished Luna to be safe from people who may not think we should be together. Right now I can't think of anyone but this school is full of a lot of strange girls. I'm just telling you about it now. If I am put into a position where I have no choice but to react I will do so. Does Neville have to know it was me who landed him in hospital? I don't want him to lose trust in me although he would be right to do it" he asked as Professor McGonagall looked at him in awe. "I am so sorry to hear that and thank you so much for your honesty tonight. I will be there to listen always from now on and this I promise you. I did not know that but I offer you both congratulations. As I said at the top of this meeting everything we discuss here is confidential and I meant that. No Neville does not need to be told this but only because it was an accident. We will tell him he reached for your slice of pie by accident but that he is now fine. To be honest he should have realised something was wrong with it himself. I mean his magic should have told him that!" she mused. "Not necessarily Minerva. If that potion was not targetting him it is likely his magic may not have considered it a threat as he was not the one who was supposed to get that spiked slice of pie. What truly matters is that he will be better and we'll teach him too how to scan his foods and stuff. Actually I will cover this in a lesson in all of my years classes and if it happens again it will be the fault of the student for not checking their own food if and when it happens although we hope not..." "Professor Flitwick sir I is not meaning to interrupt but Lolly did as you asked and discovered that Miss Ginevra Weasley asked an elf to give the special slice of pie to Mr Potter as it would make him so happy sir. She is sleeping now and has been given a calming draft sir. What is you wanting me to be doing now sir?" she asked as they all gasped. "Nothing for now Lolly thank you. We will deal with Miss Weasley in the morning. I am ashamed to say Minerva that I think one of my special cakes is in order for her. We do have no choice. I am most ashamed as she is one of my best students. I would not expect it from her. Someone like Mr Malfoy perhaps but her no. Any way that is a moot point now and you really should be getting off to bed" he said as a siren went off above his head making him scowl at them both. "This siren goes off for one reason only you two. I can understand you may not have felt safe but to keep this from us was very irresponsible. Now we have acted irresponsibly ourselves over the last years so you will not get a lecture from me that's one sure thing. You cannot return to Gryffindor or Ravenclaw house respectively. You will be assigned new married quarters here on the fifth floor. As we are under an oath I performed before you entered we may never tell anyone about this unless you give us permission to. You will still go your common rooms every day and evening but you will sleep in the married quarters. It is the way things will be now. No one will question you on it and those quarters will have a common room of it's own if you do not feel like going to the common room of your houses. You may tell friends about it and they may visit you only when their time permits it and so on" he said as Minerva continued for him. "This is a privilege and can I just say that it does make sense why you elected not to tell us this as we have acted poorly for sure and we did not deserve to know until now. We realise that and so this is why you will get no lecture from us. Do as you please in those quarters but do so safely. I will say no more on the matter. If you have a house elf he will sleep in the house elf room there with you two. No one will know but us. Come with me and I will show you to your rooms now. Goodnight Professor Flitwick" she said as they all bid him goodnight and she brought them to their rooms. They stopped at a portrait of a golden tree shedding it's leaves and were instructed to touch the portrait at which point it took some blood from them, glowed golden in colour and then opened. They learned they would access it by touch and it could not be accessed by anyone else even someone using the polyjuice potion or any other means. If their friends wanted to see them they would need to tap on the tree and ask for them and a doorbell would sound inside the quarters telling them not only that someone was there but who it was. Inside there was a small room with a single bed in it for Dobby. The best was soft and plushy something he would most certainly enjoy. The next room was a common room with some shelves containing books and couches on which to read them. Two couches to be precise. There was also a table for doing your homework and a large fireplace in the centre of the room. They bid Professor McGonagall goodnight and fell into the bed falling asleep at once. Tomorrow would be interesting for sure.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx In the morning Luna got ready and kissed Harry goodbye. She then went to her house while he was still getting ready. She entered her house to find most people awake and waiting while the last few students joined them and then at last Professor Flitwick came in. "Hello everyone and good morning. Welcome all to our first of many house meetings. I realise it has not been done in the past but I have been negligent in my duties and that stops today. Bullies come in many forms. There is the person who bullies who is awful and then there are the people worse then bully who see them do it and do nothing about it. Those people are culpable too and as of right now that's this whole house!" he snapped making them jump. They'd never seen him so angry. "When you leave later you will notice that we are now down one hundred points and you can thank Miss Cho Chang for that. For years now she bullied Miss Luna Lovegood taking her possessions and refusing to give them back without consent I might add. Bullying can become a vicious cycle and anyone caught shunning or bullying Miss Chang herself will be out of this school so fast their heads will spin. Am I clear? The bullying ends here and now. Where were the rest of you when this was going on because I certainly don't remember being told it was happening. As a consequence Luna Lovegood now lives in separate dorms outside of this house as I can no longer trust any of you to keep her safe!" he said yet again surprising them as Cho herself began to cry. She had thought Luna was mental and enjoyed seeing her without her silly things and not even seeming to notice one bit but now she could see how mean she'd been and was truly unhappy with her actions. As everyone turned to look angrily at her he further snapped. "Before you all pin the blame solely on Miss Chang where in the hell were the prefects? Did you think yourselves so above everyone else that you could ignore things at will huh? Are you that sure that you matter so much? Accio prefect badges. As of right now Ravenclaw House has no prefects because none of you have earned that privilege! I don't see anyone else in this house either helping Miss Lovegood out at any point at all. You should all be most ashamed of yourselves!" he snapped once again rubbing his temples in rage. He had never been so disgusted with his own house in his life. I mean how had they so lost their ways? "Bullying is not the sole issue we face however. Our house has traits for which it is known and for many years now we have taken these traits far too literally. We have been hogging so many books from the school library that those in other houses cannot get them and then get bad grades for this reason!" he said interrupted by a student. "But Sir when the Slytherin's take our books they don't ever give them back so when we get them we really do need to keep them. Any time we ask for them back Professor Snape takes points off us for interrupting someone in his house. It's not fair!" she moaned as he looked surprised. "Yes well Professor Snape is not above the law himself. The point is we should share everything or no one anywhere gets anything and then both you and the Slytherin's can all have bad grades together. What is this a primary school? Take the books you need and share them emphasis on the word share. Now what you may not know is that every house in this school has had a dark member including this one. This house is known for having unique and quirky people and how do we treat them huh we shun them." Here he paused to gather his thoughts and think about how he was going to phrase what he said next. He would need people to think about how they answered things. "Now we need to discuss the problem with doing something because everyone else is doing it or doing the right thing. I have seen many of you go with the status quo without even thinking to fact check anything. We are a smart house full of fools. No one ever thinks to ask questions any more. Last year when Harry Potter revealed he did not place his own name in the Goblet of Fire you were all so quick to agree with those in this school who said he was lying and he did. Then when we all found out he was telling the truth you looked shocked but went on about your business as though you had done nothing wrong. You are all disgraces every last one of you. How many people actually research anything before coming to a conclusion. Did anyone ask him and get it from the horses mouth so to speak? Did anyone apologise to him for doubting him? I can tell you that the answer to that question has always been no. From now on we ask questions or we shut up and say nothing!" he roared as his students reeled back in shock terrified of what was to come. He had been scary but that had been his intention. He needed them to see how awful they had been and scaring them was the fastest way to do that. "I have recently learned that most of you in fifth year don't answer questions in class to which the teachers have told me you definitely do know the answers if your homework is anything to go by. Would anyone from that year group care to tell me why?" he asked calmly this time "It's not our fault sir. Hermione Granger from Gryffindor often shouts out the answer to the teacher before she can even see our raised hands and actually allow us to answer. It's as though she feels like if she doesn't shout out the answer no one will ever know she knew what it was. I wanted to be her friend but she was far too intimidating telling me how I should be studying and doing my homework and how she knows more then me. I am not the only Ravenclaw she has said this to. She has also complained constantly about how bad her friends are at studying and that she wishes they could be great like her" said Su Li. "Thank you Miss Li for clearing that up. She will be dealt with accordingly as you are not the only people to tell me this in recent times. This is what we call communication and it is this which helps us all to air out our dirty laundry and move on. As you may have noticed you now all have your own rooms because people were caught taking things from or putting things into trunks they did not own. Thievery is something I will no longer tolerate in my house. I don't care the reasoning behind it either. Now to all first years do you all have a wand which is new and was not inherited from a family member?" he asked to which they all said yes. "As a whole house your assignment is to go away and learn about the duplicating charm so books may be duplicated and shared. Older students help the younger ones to learn this spell and do so with kindness and patience. If you do not I shall know about it and be most displeased. I want you all to think about how ridiculously you've behaved over the last years and feel most ashamed. Ravenclaw House is one which comes up with it's own knowledgable thoughts instead of merely refusing to use it's brain and just going with whatever anyone else says. We are supposed to be a house that does not care so much about being popular in this school that we fail to see the woods for the trees. Here is a cupcake. You are to take a bite and pass it on. Each time a new cupcake will appear for you to take a bite from. Once you are done write your names on this charmed page here and if it remains there stay behind. If it does not you may go to breakfast. Once each and every one of you have eaten a bite of the cupcake it will disappear" he instructed as people did so. In the end of the eighty four or so students in that house twenty remained there on the charmed parchment. They all wondered why they had been asked to remain behind and were nervous about what he might tell them next. "Of all the students in this house you twenty are the only students who were honest and knew nothing was going on with Miss Lovegood. At the end of the day you will each find a chocolate frog on your beds as a reward for being so good and honest. As you can see most of the house is not here now which means they all saw what was going on and did not help Miss Lovegood when they could have. It is for this reason that Ravenclaw must loose another one hundred points and I just hope in the new year we have at least some positive points in our jar. The aim this year is not wining the house cup it is redeeming ourselves. Now get to breakfast all of you!" he said as those now in the great hall gasped when the Ravenclaw meter went down another one hundred points. The Gryffindor's were not there yet but the other houses all wondered what was going on that Ravenclaw house had already lost two hundred points before classes had even begun. It must have been serious if that was the case. Dumbledore himself wondered what it was about but knew not to pry in head house business so did not. He also noticed that the Gryffindor's were not present either and wondered what was going on there. He sure hoped everything was ok and settled in to eat his breakfast. Time would tell.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Harry woke up and kissed Luna. She was truly beautiful and it felt like a dream coming true when he woke up beside her each morning. He got up and continued as she left the common room heading for her house. He wondered what Professor Flitwick would say to them all but he didn't have long to be thinking like that as he needed to get going to his own house himself. He brushed his hair over one side and then left. He'd come back to get his bag later on once he'd received his schedule. He entered the Gryffindor common room and sat in a seat to the side of the entrance. Most of the Gryffindor's were awake and or coming down the stairs when Professor McGonagall entered. All of them were wondering what was going on. "Welcome everyone to the first of many house wide meetings to be had here. We will discuss the various things wrong with this house this morning and then we will see what happens. Now first for a few questions. I will ask you some questions and if the answer is yes go the bookcase, if it is no go to the fireplace ok?" she questioned as everyone nodded that it was ok. "Who here asides from first years knows the location of my office?" Most people went to the fireplace. "It is entirely my fault you do not know this and for that I am sorry. I have not always been most present here when you have needed me and that changes right now. My office is located on the third floor beside the statue of Herpo the Foul. That's the statue of the man playing the flute with wings on his back. Should you ever need to come to me about anything and I am not here or in my classroom you will find me there. Who here believes that Harry Potter put his name into the Goblet of Fire last year?" she asked as a lot of people still went to the bookcase. "This is the problem this house is having. We would rather do anything or believe anything if it means we don't need to look the person in the eye and tell them to their face that we don't believe them. There is no bravery in doing that. You are all cowards!" she snapped as a student interrupted her. "But Professor Ronald Weasley his best friend told us all he was liar. We thought if anyone would know if he was telling the truth or not it would be his best friend Ronald whom he has defended on many occasions himself. We just assumed he'd truly know what was going on!" he said as everyone looked to Ron and then back to her again. "Did none of you ever notice that Harry had stopped talking to Ronald because he no longer believed Harry was innocent and yet you'd believe the words of a lazy, stupid boy who was no good at hiding his extreme jealousy. It's no use looking at me like that Mr Weasley as you suck at hiding your jealousy. I'd imagine the whole school knew about it. You are old enough to know better. You all are. I mean get real all of you!" she snapped as they all gasped looking to Harry guiltily. "There is no point looking at him like that now. I mean have we learned nothing at all from his second year here? He was proven innocent then too and you know what you all simply got on with your lives as though you'd not been shunning him all year. Well no more. If some of you do not straighten up and fly right you can find another house to call home as you will be barred from this house. Harry Potter here doesn't even live in this house any longer as I can trust no one in here to treat him fairly. You all blame him for things he's never even done, take things from his trunk in certain cases and even attempt to bully those around you so they will not befriend him and I am most disgusted with you all!" she said as everyone looked guilty. "Why does he get special quarters? I mean I never get anything and everything good always happens to him!" Ron grumbled seriously pissing her off. "Mr Weasley he has lost his parents and has lived in a very bad environment as a child before coming here to us. Do not be fooled into thinking he has it all and you are the reason he doesn't live here or part of it at least. How can anyone ever trust you when you say such awful things about someone who is supposed to be your best friend? FYI friends don't do that to each other. Bullying comes in many forms and some of us have been bullying others without knowing it and here I look to you Messrs Frederick and George Weasley and Hermione Granger" she said as Hermione gasped looking horrified that she could have ever done anything wrong to anyone else. As far as she knew she always followed every rule to the letter. Had she unknowingly broken a rule somehow? "We will get to Miss Granger in a while. Now for the muggleborn students and halfblood students in the room I will tell you all that Fred and George Weasley here were born on April the first. Yes you did hear me correctly" she said as loads of people laughed confusing them greatly. Why was April the first so funny? "In the muggle world April the first is known as April fools day and it is a day of pranking and mischief. I like a joke as well as the next person. I can be funny if I so choose. For example the next time Draco Malfoy does something wrong his father will hear about it, from me. I mean what a stupid catch phrase. The only person mildly afraid of his father is him!" she said as everyone laughed including the surprised Weasley twins who had not known about this holiday or that she could indeed be funny. "Pranking someone usually means in the muggle world anyway getting them to believe they are eating one thing which is sweet for example when it's really sour. Also they might give someone some new clothing to wear and tell them they look gorgeous when it is quite obvious to everyone else there that the clothing looks awful. These pranks are funny. Some of the stuff you two do are considered bullying. Have any of you ever thought to explain to people that the sweets they are eating do silly things? Have you explained what those things are? To be honest I am highly conflicted right now. When you think of the Weasley twins you do not automatically think of sense and knowledge!" she said as Hermione interrupted her. "But Professor there is nothing good about what they do. They are awful people and I have tried to tell them that as long as they continue to do what they are doing they will remain awful people. Bullying is not cool!" she said firmly surprised as McGonagall rolled her eyes at her. "Be quiet girl and you may learn a thing or two. As I was saying you don't automatically think good things however what they are actually doing magic wise is exceptionally clever. Yes they use it wrong and make things to harm people but the point here is they do know how to use these things well. Now whether you know it or not Madam Pomfrey is getting tired of having to use valuable school resources to heal people you've given purple hair to or such things like that. It is a waste of her time, time which could be used to help someone who is truly sick. Now you both think about that. I will have to deduct one hundred points from you for carelessly endangering people with your items and not explaining properly what they do. Then you will serve detention with me for one week writing about how sorry you are about what you've done to these people. I will be awarding you fifty house points for excellent magic well used because even I can't say you don't know what you're doing magically at least" here she paused as they gasped in surprise. "The point is you know what your doing magic wise and I even think you could make a business of these items one day but you have to stop targetting innocent people who either don't know what's going on or didn't ask for it. You are lovely but unfortunately for you no one will ever know that because you quite frankly scare people. What I want you do is continue designing the products and once you're done with a new product tell me all about it. I will then assign someone of my choosing to try it out from whom I have received formal permission to participate in the testing of your products. You should be encouraged to continue with your amazing work just to do it safely. Now at the end when I'm done you need to apologise to everyone here. Also for the extreme shunning and bullying of Mr Potter here this entire house looses one hundred and fifty points and I don't even want to hear it!" she snapped as the twins looked shocked indeed. She had praised their knowledge and punished their use of it which was rather confusing but hurt them none the less. They had always wanted to have fun but never considered other peoples feelings in this process. They would now think long and hard about what they did from now on. The business idea would definitely go ahead for sure but they would be sure from now on to accurately explain what their various items did. They could see how wrong they'd been and were very sorry about it indeed. "Now then Miss Granger I and many other staff here get homework from many people and they started to ask me why don't these people answer the questions we ask in our classrooms and that reason is you. You do not give people the opportunity to answer such questions as you shout out the answer before the teacher even has the opportunity to ask someone else the answer. Some teachers have even told me they will no longer ask questions in their class because with you in there, there is no point. You bully people by not letting them answer questions in class and by hogging books to yourself. Also I have recently learned a lot of people in Ravenclaw House wanted to be your friend but couldn't as you intimidated them so much. You spent most of your time either telling them how they were doing their work wrong or complaining that your friends don't study enough and such things. I wouldn't be your friend either if you did that with me. Now stop it this instant!" she called out as Hermione was shocked. "But Professor if I don't call out the answers how will they know I know everything? As a muggleborn my position in this world is far from secure and I have to work extra hard to make sure people know that I know as much if not always more then they do. I am determined to make a success of things. I had not known about the Ravenclaw thing but at the end of the day friends will not help you get a job! And unlike some people I would not cheat by using the status of Harry Potter to get me that job either" she snapped back shocked she was even talking back to a teacher however she was adamant she was right so wouldn't relent. Harry shot her a look of shock as she mentioned that about him rather annoyed with her. "Hermione any status I have I neither want nor need. No one could ever use me to get a job and anyone who hires someone for knowing me or being my friend should be shot. This is disgusting and if anyone out there is like that and I find out I will do all in my power to have that scumbag fired. It's honesty or nothing else with me from now on. Also stop assuming you know more then everyone else because while I like you your constant nagging is making me seriously reconsider being your friend, just think about it. Common sense can come into things every now and again, you know, and also not everything in books are real. I understand that this is something your brain cannot process but it needs to!" he snapped as McGonagall looked at him proudly. "Thank you Mr Potter. As he said himself just now his status he has because of something he did which he doesn't remember as a toddler is not something he likes constantly being reminded of. I would imagine when you remind him of that status you also remind him of the fact that his parents are gone while you all have yours. You are all richer then you think with loving families which he never had as his parents were killed. A little kindness and understanding might not go amiss either. Also anyone whose parents are silly enough to read the Daily Prophet and believe what it says over what Mr Potter himself says are not worth the time of day. From now if you have silly parents who say that to you, you are not allowed to bring those opinions with you to school. We also have a problem in this house with jealousy which is not solely Ronald Weasley's fault" she said as people looked at her as though they were seeing her for the first time. She noticed this feeling good. It was high time they paid attention to her. "We have a serious issue with the word no in this house. Get it all into your heads you ridiculous people. If someone says no they mean it. You are not allowed to curse them and or have a tantrum if someone declines an offer you make them be that a date or friendship. I have seen that happen numerous times and it is disgusting. There is nothing brave in that. None of you even know what it means to be brave asides from Mr Potter of course. Bravery means challenging someone and not wavering from your position even if it means going against the entire school to defend someone or something who is right. That does include Mr Potter. Instead of merely believing everyone else but the actual person to whom whatever it is pertains you should stand by people if you truly think they are right or telling the truth. No one else is worth impressing so much that you ignore the truth for popularity!" she shouted feeling like she was really getting through to them. "Now for another question which I do not want the fifth or first years to answer. How is Professor Snape in his classes?" "To be honest ma'am he is scary. He doesn't teach us the safety protocols to potion making but then expects us to get it right without errors and does get very angry when we cannot do that. He is expecting too much of us always. Sometimes you just get so nervous in his class you have an error whether you actually meant to or not and then to top that off he always tells us that having Harry Potter in our house will not excuse our poor work in class. He has taken points off people for breathing too loudly before and gave me a detention once when I asked him why he wasn't teaching us the safety protocols. If I thought I could do potions in another class I would do it in a heartbeat. I love potions actually but not in his class when he's the one who teaches it!" Alicia Spinnett said surprising her greatly. She summoned a large tomb to her hands and began to read through it waving her wand as various numbers appeared there and then disappeared. "It is in our school rules and by laws that points taken must be done for a fair reason. You were minus two hundred house points for all the stupid decisions you've elected to make however you are now only minus one hundred as all of his ridiculous point losses have been reinstated. Everyone is to gather here on Friday night where for four hours a friend of mine will come here and teach you all about the safety protocols for potions. He will explain why we must do things safely and then he will go through your potions books with you as some words in them need to be amended and he will talk with you about that. This is a privilege you are being awarded so don't misuse it. Everyone must come to those lessons as well. He will also teach you how to spell your area so if your potion does go wrong and explode it doesn't go everywhere and harm you and others. I can guarantee Professor Snape teaches his Slytherins this. At the end of every week because I am the deputy headmistress of this school I will be going over every point loss and returning some points if they were wrongly taken. He will not know it is happening but it is!" she said seriously surprised herself as people clapped. "Now in relation to the Slytherins or any other house there is a muggle phrase I am going to say and after I am done I want you all to repeat after me. You will understand why it matters in a while. It goes like so. Sticks and stones may break my bones but names will never hurt me!" she said as they all repeated after her. "That is your problem. You always react too much to people calling you names especially from those in Slytherin House which is what they want when they call you these names so always remember that while sticks and stones may indeed damage and break your bones these names and things they say to you cannot. What they are looking for when they say these to you is for you to get in trouble so they can smile at you and be happy that you got in trouble and they got off scot free for saying those nasty things. Trust me if you ignore what they say they will likely strike you with a charm and get in trouble themselves. Slytherins can be pretty dumb at times. They usually get reactions from you when they say things however if they continuously get ignored they tend to see it as something disrespecting them so they then strike out. When they do I will be there to see that they are punished or indeed so too will another member of staff. Professor Snape does not count as he does favour his house. I think all head of houses do really but that only translates when I speak about you. I never bring that with me into the classroom like he does" she said honestly. "Lastly we need to speak about the importance of authority figures and learning that not all authority figures are good. Tom Riddle or Voldemort would be a good example of this. Were he alive right now he might be seventy and he does not deserve your respect. There is no point fearing the name Voldemort anyway as I have recently come to know he was actually a halfblood. So make of that information what you will. Also some ministry figures might look very good on the outside but have ulterior motives on the inside. Just know that looks are not everything. Always think about what someone is asking you to do if they are older then you and think is it wise for me to do whatever it is. Also think will doing whatever it is benefit me or them more? Stealing will no longer be tolerated in my house. If your family does not have enough money to provide properly for you then that is their problem and they should have thought of this before deciding to have children in the first place. Who here has their own wand which is not second hand. Most people agreed except the twins, Ron and Ginny, Neville Longbottom and some people in first year. "The Board of Governors of this school have given me a budget to get you custom made wands as it is very dangerous to work with a wand which is not yours. I realise most of you don't know that but it's true. If some of you such as Neville Longbottom here have performed magic poorly then this will be why. To be honest I'm not at all surprised you're so had at magic Neville as your core may be full but with the wrong wand it has nowhere to go. In a few hours we will be excusing you from your classes to come and select the materials for your wand and as they will take a while to make you will have your new wands in two days time. In the meantime however we will not do too much spell casting so it should be fine. Also Harry Potter if you would, I would like you to have a custom made wand as well as I would like to see if it would suit you better then the one you have. You have grown a lot since you first came here and I think your magic may have grown with you!" she said as he smiled and agreed to do it. "Remember what I said about standing up for what you believe in even if the whole school is against it. I am telling you something now and I want you to understand me clearly. In the next few charms lessons you will all learn about various defensive charms and you are to use them in a time when you feel you have no choice. Even if it is an adult figure you are using it against, if you feel truly threatened you must use it. Constant vigilance must be used at all times. If I find out you've done it in a situation which was not serious enough the punishments will be severe. Now then before we go to breakfast the Weasley twins have something to say to you all!" she said motioning them to come forward. "Um hi everyone. We just wanted to say we've always enjoyed laughing and having a good time but we never thought to explain what our products did before either giving them to or using them on you and for that we are sorry. In the future we plan to open a business selling joke items as it is our passion however we promise to never use them on you without your consent. We had no idea we were causing so many problems and we really wish to stop scaring people which is why we are doing this. I Frederick Gideon and I George Fabian Weasley do hereby swear on my magic that I will never again abuse someone with a prank item unless they know about or condone it first. The only time this shall happen is if we are under the imperious curse so mote it be!" they chorused together their wand tips glowing a blue shade to show they were telling the truth. McGonagall was so shocked at their vow that she clapped and soon the whole house had joined her. "It looks like you two have finally gotten the point and I can say I will be writing a good letter home to your mother about you. You gave the vow and did not have to. Plus it was really clever to include the imperious curse in the vow as you are then covering all bases as it were. You could all learn something from the phrasing of their vow. Now off to breakfast with you all and thank you!" she said as they all left together. In the great hall people had watched in fascination as the Gryffindor hourglass had lost points, gained points and lost even more points. They wondered when it would stop fluctuating when suddenly it did stop minus one hundred points and all of the Gryffindor's came in and proceeded to eat their breakfast. Where Gryffindor was concerned Albus being a former member himself did feel he might need to interfere whatever the rules said. I mean weren't rules there to be broken. He would employ a strategy of asking what had happened at the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw meetings to find out more information. He would ask about Ravenclaw so on one got suspicious of him only caring about the Gryffindor's themselves. This meeting later today would be most interesting when he had his usual first day staff meeting.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx At the end of the day as people went back to their houses after dinner Albus and the staff met in the staff meeting room to discuss things. "Good evening everyone and welcome back. So how have the first years been settling in?" he asked directing his question at the four house heads respectively. "They are settling in fine. They know they are lucky to be a part of my house and must work hard if they wish to remain at the top" Professor Snape said seriously as the others rolled their eyes at him. "Well my puffs have experienced some home sickness and one poor firstie was doused in vinegar as he got nervous and couldn't remember the password to our house. He then cried and felt like everything was a mess but a quick calming draft later he could see the funny side of it. He was just very nervous and as a consequence psyched himself out so much he forgot the password but other then that it's been fine!" said Professor Sprout smiling as people around the table chuckled although it was obvious that they knew they shouldn't have. She didn't mind though. "Well I will say this my own house as a whole will be functioning much better now and actually using their brains to think about what it is that they actually choose to do first years included. You can expect better work from my house as a whole. I should also state that right now Headmaster Ravenclaw House has no prefects but they will be in place at the end of the week!" said Professor Flitwick smiling as everyone gasped in shock at what he had said. "Well Filius insure that your prefects are in place. I must say I am disappointed you got rid of the other ones but I know that it is your own business so I will not say any more about it!" Dumbledore said as Filius smiled at him. "Well a little bit like Filius here my house got the reality check of a lifetime and they will certainly be towing the line from now on. Words have been had with Miss Granger and she knows why she was wrong and so I wish to tell you all that you may resume asking questions in your classes. Let's just say my house as a whole is going to be much more honest from now on or else and they know it too!" Professor McGonagall said looking very smug indeed. "Minerva, Filius I believe we have no choice but to address the elephant in the room which is of course those massive point losses. Could you please explain them?" he asked to which other staff members looked weirdly at him. He wasn't really supposed to be bothering them about their own house head business even if everyone else there truly did want to know about it too. "Well my house have behaved unconscionably in recent years and let's just say they now know that. They lost one hundred points as a house and they will be sure to behave accordingly now. I have not always taken my duties seriously and it caused rot to set in where my students were concerned but no longer. They will certainly have more respect for people. On Friday night a friend of mine is giving my house a lecture of importance internally so none of them will be available for four hours. This will only happen on Friday though and not on any other date. So Severus tell me as I'm curious do the Slytherins know about the safety protocols when making potions?" she asked as Snape looked up in surprise at actually being addressed. "Now Minerva it's not fair to single out Severus Snapes house as Pomona Sprout is also here and you didn't ask her anything either" Albus chided as she looked at him in surprise having not expected him to respond at all. "Yes well Albus I do believe I can answer for myself. Yes they know it. Either I or one of my most trusted prefects teaches it to my first years once. If they do not memorise it and get hurt then that is truly their own fault and I do not have sympathy or patience for people who are incapable of listening and taking instruction well. Although it might surprise you I don't take shit from anyone within my house either internally that is. They either know it or they suffer and let's just say if they do suffer it's a lesson well learned!" he snapped as everyone gasped. "Then pray tell why do you not teach this in your classes? I have been informed by a higher year group that you do not teach them this and before you get all smart it was not Harry Potter's year either so don't start!" she snapped surprising him as Albus' face had gone ashen grey. He couldn't escape this now, I mean how was he supposed to defend Severus in this instance? Damn that woman! He needed him here and now what she said might cause problems for him which he couldn't help. He groaned in rage barely able to keep the sneer on his face under control as he looked at Minerva who looked very angry. "There is no point looking at me like that Albus as it's true. I am not making it up. Apparently he merely leaves the instructions on the board and asks the students to complete the potion and then explodes in their faces when they have an accident or get it wrong. My Gryffindor's are not innocent in this either as they are too boisterous and talk too much so I imagine in previous years had he actually tried to explain the safety protocols to them they wouldn't have even heard him. I mean that would make me not want to teach it to them either which I told them earlier on!" she replied as Albus' rage only got worse. He would need to take some deep breaths as he might curse her for being so in his own opinion stupid if he didn't. "Yes Albus I can't see why it would bother you when it's true. Those protocols are in the book for a reason. They are instructed to read it. It is not my fault if they don't do that!" he responded coolly. "And can they ask you about it after reading it if they don't understand some parts?" Filius asked seriously making Albus jump to his feet suddenly. "What is this huh? Assassinate Severus day? You will desist from asking your stupid questions this instant. I will not have it! Severus is here for a reason and he is needed by me. I will not tolerate the bullying of another staff member. He will do his job better now that should be enough for you. Dear god what the hell is this the damn Spanish inquisition?" Albus snapped scaring people. "Albus are you quite well or have you taken complete leave of your senses? Pull yourself together man! No one is or ever could bully me. I understand you need me here but they will learn it alone and no they may not ask me questions as our class time is for actions not questions. Should they need help they can use their brains and ask their oh I don't know head of house!" he snapped accusingly. "Yes because we have nothing else at all to do is it? We don't teach classes huh? For goodness sake Albus stop it this instance. If you are not more careful I will vote to have you removed from the school. Your only interest should be the students educational quality and not the treatment of staff who do not do their job properly. It is clear he thinks us a joke which is why he is saying our students may ask us questions relating to his subject. If I might be so bold as to say I don't teach potions in case you didn't know that. My mastery is in charms Severus and I would thank you to do your job properly because let's face it I am not Albus' pawn nor am I loyal to him or anyone else. I do my job well in the interest of the students and I would suggest you do the same. Take me seriously you fool and I hope this wakes you up sincerely" Filius snapped sarcastically. How had it gone so wrong? Albus didn't expect people to threaten his position or that of Professor Snape but now they had. He couldn't fire someone without the approval of the board so sacking Professor Flitwick without question would be too suspicious to do. Damn him to hell. "Albus I truly think you should think about what you say before you say it instead of hiring obvious smart arses who cannot answer a mere question without sarcasm I mean really. I don't teach potions either smart arse. Do your damn job or if you can't shut up and resign. Like seriously we all have parts of our jobs we truly hate and I doubt I am unique in saying this but you need to seriously think about why you even became a teacher because you have most certainly lost your way. I think you're a good guy with good intentions who has seriously lost his way and is heading down a very dangerous path towards self destruction" Pomona said seriously but kindly. Albus was totally overwhelmed. People needed to seriously start leaving Professor Snape alone. I mean he couldn't have his spy far away from him where he could no longer have instant access to any information which might help him in the future defeat of Voldemort. "Well Pomona I became a teacher under duress. I will no longer hide it. Albus needed me for reasons I am not allowed to disclose because of a vow he forced me to give him and it was either work here or go to Azkaban prison for things done in my past. I will admit I am resentful and I do indeed resent him for forcing me to work here however I have information or access to important information he needs which is why I must remain close to him at all times. Without this information we cannot hope to succeed and that is all this vow is allowing me to tell you!" he said honestly as most of the staff there looked shocked and Albus facepalmed. "Well then the solution is rather easy is it not? Hire a new potions teacher and Snape can remain head of his house while brewing potions for the infirmary. This way he is still close enough to be participating in his vow and not in trouble for breaking it. We wouldn't want him to cause himself any trouble and this way the students get a fair opportunity to learn potions. He's the best potions master I know and his skills would be invaluable. We could just have him paid for that ability as he is rather exceptional in this field and I do truly admire him for this even if his teaching skills leave much to be desired!" Minerva said seriously and with slight joy in her voice. Snape's head shot up at that and he rolled his eyes more at himself then her to be honest. Why in the hell hadn't he thought of that one? I mean he did despise teaching children when all he wanted to do was to be left alone to brew potions carefully in an environment where he could never be disturbed. "I would be most agreeable to this. I think we should do this!" he said enthusiastically. "People forget I am in charge here and I do not think this should go ahead. I need him here as I said but I would rather have him in a teaching role as there is not enough in the budget to pay him to brew here!" he said as Minerva eyed him suspiciously before rising and excusing herself from the room for a moment. Once at her office she floo called Augusta Longbottom the head of the Board of Governors to ask about the budget situation and was surprised to hear that Albus did not know about the entirety of the budget as they didn't trust him to spend it wisely. She was surprised to hear that but glad they were being cautious. It showed they were showing constant vigilance something she tried to instill in most people she met along the way. She returned to the meeting. "I have conversed in depth with Augusta Longbottom who has agreed they have more in their budget to pay for Severus Snape to be in this role and they have enough to hire the two new teachers needed. Yes I did say two. The Board is insisting we inform Cuthbert Binns that he is dead and that he may now move on into the afterlife. It is no secret that people fall asleep in his classes. For now History classes are cancelled until such time as a replacement teacher can be found!" she said as Albus looked shocked. So the Board wasn't telling him everything then. Getting a taste of your own medicine was indeed tough. I mean he never told anyone everything when talking to them so he could guess he deserved it although in his defence when he did it, it was to keep control of things. That was his defence anyway and he was sticking to it. Now that the Board agreed he could no longer have Severus in place to antagonise Harry Potter and make him vulnerable for the fight ahead against Voldemort in which he would most certainly die. Dumbledore then planned to sweep in and kill Voldemort himself and be the hero again. He would then redeem himself in his own eyes and the eyes of everyone else although he truly only cared about his own opinion. "Very good. All Potions classes will be suspended until such time as a replacement can be found. I don't imagine it should take too long. Now then how else are things going in the houses? Any other major changes we should know of?" he said as both Filius and Minerva looked at one another and then back at him confusing him greatly. It was like they were thinking of whether it was safe to tell him something or not but then again he couldn't always read people well and that might not be the case at all. "Well between Filius and I we can tell you that Miss Luna Lovegood and Mr Harry Potter who were badly treated by their whole houses now live together in a separate private dorm and are expected to be in their own house common rooms often. This happened because we can't yet trust our house to treat them the right way so they no longer have the privilege of having these two students living with them. You didn't see how awfully they were treating them and it's not something that needs repeating!" Minerva said nearly making Albus faint where he sat. "I must protest at once. Harry Potter needs stability and he will only get that being with his friends. I am of course disappointed that Luna Lovegood could not remain with her house mates but this will be truly disastrous for Harry Potter. He must be reinstated into his house at once!" he said shocked as he was flung out of his chair and hung upside down with his pants around his ankles looking horrified. "I have been asleep at the wheel as the muggles would say for long enough. Don't you ever and I mean EVER try to use a compulsion charm on me again. I usually trust you Albus most of the time but now I can tell you I do not. You cannot expect me to continue not practising what I preach. If I am going to tell my house to be continually vigilant it is only fitting that I should be so myself. I don't care that it's Harry Potter either you do not get to curse me because you don't get your own way where he is concerned. I mean all due respect sir but haven't you damaged him enough making him live with the Dursleys all this time. Would it surprise you to know that he has told me before that they were less then kind to him in his youth? Usually Albus when someone says this to someone else they get an actual reaction just so you know. I mean you're looking at me like you're not surprised to hear me saying this which is most disturbing" she thundered at him as he shrunk back in the best way he could whilst upside down. She was a force to be reckoned with and you knew not to cross her. He was annoyed as he had been caught trying to use the spell wandlessly on her somehow and she had reacted without even looking at him which was scary as he didn't know how on earth she'd done it. He was thinking to ask her how she'd done something so quite frankly cool as that was the only word to describe it but thought better of suck a ridiculous question in his position. "You are right and I am sorry. I have no explanation for my actions. I beg your forgiveness. May I please come down now?" he asked as she eyed him suspiciously. "You may come down when the meeting is over because I can't trust you to behave!" she said disarming him of his wand as he screamed out surprising her greatly. He looked exceptionally anguished. His wand was supposed to be summoned by Harry at the end so it's allegiance would have gone to him. Now it had gone to Minerva and knowing the fool she'd just give him his wand back to use so it would no longer be respectful of him. This was a disaster in the making. The next few minutes of the meeting would be intense for sure.
Here is the next chapter.I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx As the meeting continued everyone present was relieved that Dolores had been called to her own staff meeting so couldn't interfere in this one. It had been done purposefully as Albus had known she'd be gone so chose to have the meeting at the same time as her work scheduled one. "If I might suggest something radical because I have noticed the bullying in this school which pureblood people use with those who are not pureblood. I wish to propose that all students who are muggleborn or halfblood get an inheritance test which we can ask the board to pay for. I've actually looked into this myself as I was curious as to how much it would cost us. I was told it would cost us eight hundred galleons to do the tests and assign Goblins to students where necessary" said Professor Sinistra smiling. She had raised very valid points indeed and was indeed right about this needing to happen. "I actually agree Aurora. I even think some of the parents of the children would pay for the test themselves if they thought it would benefit their children. This would certainly silence any of the pureblood supremacists who always target who they perceive as being the weak. Also I have received a lot of complaints from my Puffs that Divination like History of Magic is a fraudulent class. I do hereby believe it should be merely disbanded. I mean we all know it is a woolly subject at best and really does benefit no one as most of them do not possess the sight to even perform well in that class!" said Pomona as Albus grumbled from his position looking highly shocked. Suddenly he found himself upright again and tied down to his chair. They couldn't risk him fainting from being upside down as no one wanted to face the wrath of Poppy Pomfrey if that happened. "Are you sure that's the wisest idea? I mean then the purebloods will say the muggleborn students are getting something that they are not and then they might cause a rebellion or some such thing. I just don't want to further aggravate the situation thereby causing other students to harm themselves over this!" Albus said as they all turned to look at him. "I actually agree with Albus here. If we don't do something to nip this in the bud before it even begins we can of course expect failures like that to occur. I think the best thing to do is to call every student like that one by one to the office of their head of house where a Goblin will be waiting as this will rouse less suspicions among the purebloods and prevent them doing any damage" said Filius as Albus once again groaned in rage at being cut off when he was sure all he had said would put an end to this madness. I mean did no one see that in order for them to ever win this war the purebloods would need to believe they were winning when in fact they secretly weren't. "Then it is settled and I will write them a letter to tell them we wish to go ahead with this. You know Albus your caution is very smart indeed. And you're not wrong because those purebloods would cause problems for sure if we allowed it but we're not going to do that any more. Speaking of which new rules need to be implemented as soon as possible. So all who are in favour of new school rules raise your hand?" Minerva said as everyone but Albus raised their hands. Why was everyone doing everything he didn't want in a scenario where it would look suspicious if he disagreed? He grunted feeling severely outnumbered but allowed them to continue none the less. "Well first things first as I said in terms of my own house one of the things we discussed was bullying and it is for this reason that we no longer have prefects as the ones we had did nothing to show they had ever done anything to earn that privilege. Being a prefect is an earned privilege and not a damn right as so many of our young students seem to think today. We should have a rule against using the derogatory name mudblood as so many students are damaged by it each year either confidence wise or mentally. I propose a rule that bans use of this word so that the person caught using that word will lose their house twenty points the first time, fifty points the second, one hundred the third and expulsion the forth time. We might all be surprised to learn that this is not a name solely used by the Slytherin students. Many Hufflepuffs and indeed Ravenclaws use it to. I am ashamed to say I cannot say it relates solely to Slytherin as the fact that it taints my own house is disgusting. Who agrees with this new rule I'm proposing?" he asked as people looked shocked. "I have to agree with Filius. It's not cool but it is in my house too and Minerva's house. I agree with the rule whole heartedly!" said Pomona seriously. "Another new rule we should implement is that those of a different culture or with different food requirements should be allowed to have their meals provided by their own personal house elf if they have one. It would certainly help the school elves if this was allowed. People could eat as they wish and then the work load for the school elves wouldn't be so extreme. I know quite a few vegetarians and ethnic people who eat different foods usually but are not allowed over the school rules. The Patil twins would be a good example of this" said Pomona once more as people looked thoughtful at that. "For goodness sakes next we'll be saying people may personalise their damn uniforms. I say everyone eats what's on the menu or they shut up and starve. None of my Slytherins would ever be that ridiculous!" Snape snapped making people jump. "Your Slytherins would never do that as they know if they did it would get them nowhere! Most of them suffer in silence and it does show. Marcus Flint for example usually eats Greek foods but must suffer because of the school rules which he did tell me he doesn't like once. Blaise Zabini eats Italian foods but cannot as the rules don't allow it. That is not fair. So I just think everyone should be included because whether we like it or not this does affect each house equally whether they tell their head of house or not. You don't know everything about everyone in your house Severus and this much is evident. If you don't start trying harder you're not going to know them properly and they will begin to lose trust. I'm just saying they may not feel they can go to their own head of house and I don't want that" Pomona said seriously. She was getting tired of Severus throwing these tantrums rather obviously. He wasn't a child and it was high time he stopped acting like one. "Ok well those are two changes which can be implemented with nearly no problems however the first one does pose problems as a lot of people's parents are on the Board of Governors and should their children act recklessly and get expelled they could decide to cut the schools budget as an act of vengeance against us. If we can't keep there kids here then we certainly can't have funds either. I know a few people in this school who are quite frankly ridiculous and would get expelled sooner rather then later. Mr Malfoy is a prime example. His father does have pull in the school and on the board in particular so I really think implementing that rule should not go ahead. It is our budget I am thinking of here as without it in it's entirety we can't hope to function properly" Albus voiced reasonably. "Albus is right here. I suggest we do go ahead with both rules but we inform the board of it too. We could make them sign a contract or give us a vow that they will in no way sabotage our budget should this happen" said Filius once again annoying Dumbledore greatly. What was this whole thing of coming up with actual solutions about? I mean he was posing problems to them to get them to stop however they simply kept agreeing with him and then coming up with a solution to whatever problem he'd just posed. It was so annoying. Filius just had to be so smart. He was s focused on Filius and all the ridiculous things he was doing that he was startled by his fire lighting as two board of governors members stepped through and Lucius Malfoy was one of them. The new changes in rules so far was explained to them both and while Lucius looked outraged he agreed to sign a contract that he would not tamper with their budget. As far as he was concerned if Draco did get expelled it was his own fault and he would be merely homeschooled or sent to Beauxbatons or one of those foreign schools. "I propose another new rule. This rule states that no parent or guardian is allowed to insist that their child or ward use a wand that is not their own. If one cannot be provided we will willingly pay for it of course but that happened to my Neville by me and I did not realise I was in fact harming him until Minerva told me so this evening. To be honest I would have been most proud for him to use my Franks wand however I can now see how dangerous that would be so I will be insuring he has his own wand soon. I wish to lead by example here" Augusta Longbottom said looking most ashamed with herself. She was the other board member there. She was so sad she had failed Neville so and hoped he'd one day forgive her. She had been naïve and blind but now she could see the whole picture she vowed to do well by him always. "One last rule before we go to bed is that Minerva McGonagall and Filius Flitwick are to be the only people who ever visit the home of a muggleborn student. Harry Potter told me once Hagrid visited him and while I initially thought he was joking I discovered he was not so this rule needs to be place. Also although this is not a rule all first year students are to be provided with detailed maps telling them where each class is located and how to get there. I know many students are often late to classes in first year because they get lost easily in this huge castle" she said again as people agreed with her. The night ended with those new rules in place and it was happy teachers and a seriously fucked off headmaster who went to bed that night.
Here's the next chapter and I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx Harry was shocked at all McGonagall had said to them but it had indeed been necessary. He was very angry with Hermione however for implying that he would ever allow his name to be used in order to get something the person wanted. He would never allow it and she should have known that but didn't. It was almost like she didn't know him at all. Also she had questioned him being with Luna as they had little to nothing in common but she didn't understand. None of them did actually. I mean both he and Luna had witnessed a parent die and that's something not everyone else will always get. She had known the internal damage witnessing something like that happen can cause. He was surprised to see Neville now had his own wand something about his grandmother waking up and smelling the coffee before it was too late and he did something to further endanger himself and his peers. It was obvious he was already gaining confidence in himself and it was wonderful to see. He really had started improving since he'd gotten his own wand. Harry had selected new materials for own new wand as his old one had exploded when he'd tried a new and very complex charm shocking him to the core. At least he'd been alone when it happened so he didn't damage anyone. He was relieved to get his new wand. His new wand was fourteen inches, ebony and had a core of raw sapphire infused dragon heart strings. The handle of it contained a dragon with sapphire eyes which spiralled down the length of the wand fading away near the end. It was simply beautiful to look at. It was way more powerful then his old one had been. He was shocked as casting spells for him was a breeze now and although it had never felt difficult before it was just so much easier for him now. He had insisted that Luna get a new one too which he paid for himself. She was shocked by this but accepted it none the less. Her new wand was thirteen and a half inches pure white with a diamond infused Peryton Horn for a core. It was straight and pure white but had golden feathers at the end which swerved in a swirling pattern until they finally faded away near the end of the wand. They were designed to look like Peryton feathers. "Luna I have been thinking about something I want to do with you and I was hoping you wish to participate. I want to cast my patronus charm and twice in a row. I know I will see the stag but I want to see if there is any other form in there which will tell me what my animagus would be. I also have the potion for the changes to occur if you want to join me in changing. If you don't then that's ok too" he said as she put the book she had been reading down on the table to look at him in awe. "Well Harry as much as I want to believe your theory it's wrong. I'm sorry but it is. Our patronuses only have one form and that is the form our animaguses will take however I do wish to see if mine has changed since we married as I have read before that they can. Once I know what it will be I will decide then if I wish to take the potion here as it might be safer to take it outside somewhere or something!" she responded smartly as he smiled at her. "I didn't know that but ok let's go. Expecto Patronum!" he called out a great blue phoenix pouring out of his wand as he gasped in awe. If he'd expected anything this wasn't it. He had thought he'd just see the stag again but he hadn't. He tried once more smiling triumphantly at a shocked Luna who discovered she'd been wrong about Patronuses as his stag came forward. Then who in the hell would she become? "I am sorry Harry I had read that this was not possible but clearly it is. I stand firmly corrected. Expecto Patronum!" she called out a Peryton shooting out before her and then once again as a rabbit joined him. Both the Peryton and rabbit enjoyed playing together. They went to the room of requirement which a house elf had directed them to and asked for a place they could transform without being seen. He gave Luna one vial of potion and took the other one himself. They both downed their potions in one go and shrieked at the painful transformations. No one had told him it would hurt this much. Luna's body shifted and morphed until a rabbit was before them before changing to that of a Peryton. Harry too realised he could be his stag or his Phoenix. He preferred his phoenix where he could fly but would use his stag outside to hunt and so on when necessary. A stag and a rabbit as Luna had decided would not cause any concern so they would be using them outside to hunt and of course spy on people where necessary. Their flying animals would be used at night if and when they needed to get away from it all for a while. Besides which flying without a broom was so cool and freeing. Harry's stag was mostly normal looking however it had deep brown eyes and black dots all over it's antlers to represent his usual black hair. His Phoenix was blue in colour with red tipped wings and a head dotted with black dots. As he sang his joyful song Luna smiled as it made her feel amazing. But then again he already did that himself anyway. The Phoenix didn't even look unusual with the black dots all over his head as they were known for looking different each time you saw one. Basically no two phoenixes were ever the same in appearance and everyone had grown to accept it as fact so no one would think too much about it if they saw him. Luna's rabbit was bright white with pinkish ears, a pinky nose and very fluffy. She was super cute to look at. Her head had blondie coloured streaks going through it which made it look merely unique and she was not the first unusual looking rabbit you would see on the school premises so if you had seen her you wouldn't think much of her. Her Peryton was brown with gorgeous green eyes so different from her usual blue ones and the head of the Peryton again had some blondie streaks on it which just made it even more unique. They sent in forms to the Ministry of Magic at once proclaiming themselves animaguses. They said they were a stag and rabbit but left the mythical creatures out. The Ministry didn't deserve to know of it. They had done nothing for Harry so far which would ever prove they deserved to know about it. Minister Fudge could hang as far as Harry was concerned the bloody fool. They received a notification an hour later stating that they were now on the register and thanking them for registering in the first place as most young people don't think to follow that rule. In the hour since they had transformed they had practised changing from one form back to themselves and then into the other form. They merely had to think of wanting to become whichever animal it was and it would happen for them. Then they left the room and re-entered it wondering what else it could become. They entered a room full of junk piled sky high. There were obvious gems in here and Harry thought about getting all of them out of here to either be returned to their previous owners or sold for profit or even kept depending on what they were. Deeper and deeper into the bowls of this room they went until Harry stopped at a bust of an old woman which had a glittering jewel on the top of it. Luna gasped as there was Ravenclaw's diadem. It was emanating such extreme evil from it that she forbade Harry from touching it. Harry was about to protest when the sword of Gryffindor landed in his hands from who knew where. He, suddenly knowing what to do slashed the sword downwards and hit the diadem at which point this black gunk spilled out of it screaming and wailing out loudly scaring the young teens. The diadem left behind was in perfect condition. They called Harry's old friend Dobby and had him deliver the diadem to Professor Flitwick claiming it had been found in the come and go room and he thought the professor should have it back. Filius would be in for a surprise the next time he entered his office for sure.
Here's the next chapter I hope you like it. Please read and review thanks love Hermione xxx "Just so we're all clear then according to you Cedric Diggory dropped dead of his accord is it because that is certainly what you're implying!" he snapped as Umbridge looked to him in shock that she was being confronted at all. "Mr Potter you will raise your hand when you wish to speak in future. Mr Diggory died in the most tragic of accidents. Now we must stop lying about Voldemort being back mustn't we? I mean I wouldn't want anyone to harm you because of your lies!" she snapped. "I am not lying ma'am. I am hereby giving you permission to use legillimency and look inside my head at my memories. You will see I am telling you the truth then. No don't look at me like that you didn't experience the true horrors I did. Go on check me out I know you want to!" he thundered as she bristled. "I am sure as you know that to do that is illegal even with the persons consent and I am sure you know I am not into breaking the law. I do agree that something tragic happened to him and we know for sure it wasn't you but to boldly lie and say it was Voldemort is nonsense and will no longer be accepted by me. Ok everyone now books out and wands away please!" she said as Hermione raised her hand. "Is there any reason why will we not be doing any actual spell casting in our DADA class? I hardly think the threat of Voldemort's return whether true or not is a trivial thing. I wish to prepared in case anyone who is not Voldemort such as his supporters should try to attack me. He may not be back but does indeed have followers who are still very much alive. You can't deny that either so don't even try it!" she said seriously as Dolores looked furious. "We are not learning these things as nothing can harm you whilst at school and we feel that a Ministry approved text should be enough to get you through your exams which of course are what school is all about!" she said sweetly while seething underneath it all. "But if someone, hell anyone attacks us you are refusing to teach us how to defend ourselves! Are you for real? So are you telling us all that should anyone decide to attack us you will be there to defend us all because I don't trust you to run a bath much less this lesson. I am sorry but I refuse to be part of a quite frankly dangerous lesson!" Harry snapped. "SIT DOWN MR POTTER YOU ARE NOT EXCUSED!" she shouted making some people in the room jump. "I did not ask for this lousy lesson but here we are. You don't even respect me enough to believe me. As far as I am concerned you can hang and don't come looking for me when someone does attack as you refused to teach us anything worthwhile and if someone does get hurt it will be entirely your fault!" he snapped as everyone looked between him and Umbridge wondering what would happen next. "Detention Potter. See me here at eight pm this evening!" she shouted as he left. Her hand itched to take her wand and curse him to oblivion but she couldn't do so without alerting everyone so threw her wand on the desk as she sat down. Come eight in the evening he went to her room for detention. "Let's get this over with. What do you want me to do?" he asked as she looked sweetly at him. "Well you'll be writing lines with a rather special quill of mine. Here you go. Now you must write the lines I must not tell lies!" she said handing him the quill and some parchment. "You haven't given me any ink" he said nonchalantly. "Oh you won't be needing any ink" she said smartly. "Oh is this a self inking quill?" he asked as he eyed it suspiciously. "Well yes one could say that" she answered sweetly. "I don't know if you think I came down in the last shower of fools or what but I would know a blood quill if it smacked me right in the face. Please give me a proper quill and I won't tell anyone about this either. Don't worry you don't have to get in trouble. I can write the lines with an ordinary quill and no one ever needs to know you possess a level five prohibited artefact. How do you think the Minister would view you if he knew?" he asked as she palmed her wand considering her next move. "Well what Cornelius doesn't know won't hurt him!" she said shocked as he fired a stunner at her so suddenly she had no time to react. He used his Patronus to send for Professor McGonagall and the Minister of Magic who arrived at once. "Mr Potter what is the meaning of this huh? Dolores called you a liar so you attacked her? I see how it is here" the Minister thundered at him. "I attacked Dolores Umbridge for trying to force me to write lines using a blood Quill. When I asked her of your opinion on it she replied with what Cornelius doesn't know won't hurt him. I will happily do the detention sir but I want it done in a safe way. Please humour me and disillusion yourself in the corner while I revive Dolores!" he said as the minister looked aghast however as Harry had never before personally asked him for anything he did it this once. He would send the brat to jail later on of course the damn liar. Professor McGonagall who had arrived also disillusioned herself and waited as Harry revived Dolores and sat back at the desk. "What the devil? How did I end up here? Anyway no matter just shut up and do your damn lines you brat!" she snapped as the minister watched in fascination. "I told you before ma'am I will not do it with a blood quill. I am happy to do the detention but as Dumbledore stated at the start of the year all detentions are to be safe ones. What would the Minister say if he knew?" he asked as she smacked her hand on the table. "I don't care and the minister can hang! I mean seriously he's not here and if he was he would of course side with me. You will not spread lies about Voldemort being back you traitorous liar. You will do those bloody lines even if I must Imperio you to do them you bastard! No one is better or stronger then me. I could take on Voldemort ten times a day and still beat him. No one will ever best me least of all you, you scumbag liar! Now write those damn lines with that blood quill and shut your mouth!" she shouted smacking him across the back of the head and then straight across his face leaving a big red mark which would be a bruise soon. Incarcerous! Shouted the minister as he revealed himself to be there. "So Dolores I don't matter do I not? What I have just witnessed has made me feel physically sick. You vile woman. I was about to arrest Mister Potter for lying about a trusted employee like that but then you go and prove he is telling the truth. I am sorry but if he was telling the truth about you it stands to reason he may have been telling the truth about Voldemort. I want a copy of those memories and I wish to view them at once. Dolores you are so lucky I don't put you through the damn veil myself. You physically assaulted the boy who lived. You are hereby fired effective immediately and will come with me now to an emergency meeting of the Wizengamot. I will be showing my memories of this too!" he snapped as she struggled against his binds. "But Cornelius I hardly meant it. I was just calling him a liar. I didn't really mean what I said about you I swear it!" she said as he smiled at her. "I know that Dolores but I love scaring you. I really got you there didn't I? Now then make me a vow on your life and magic that you didn't mean what you said about me or Harry and we can be on our way and no one needs to know about it!" he said as she looked relieved. "I Dolores Jane Umbridge do hereby swear on my magic and life that I meant nothing I said about Cornelius Ambrosius Fudge and Harry James Potter so mote it be!" she called out raising her wand as it turned black to show she'd been lying as she fell down to the floor slowly dying before them all. "I am so sorry Mr Potter, Ms McGonagall but I had to do it. I knew she would never disregard a direct order. I will publish that I recalled her immediately and sent her away on foreign business. You will have a new teacher Kingsley Shacklebolt tomorrow as appointed by me and if Dolores is anything to go by you definitely need to learn the practical elements of it. He will teach you all you need to know. I will now take my leave of you with those memories. Hold still please. There we go now all done. Don't worry Dolores will merely die out and her body will merely fade away. I will have to have each and every department evaluated at work as she was the biggest liar of them all. I thought I could trust her but it was not to be. What else don't I know about my employees? Goodbye!" he said leaving via floo. Harry flopped into his seat exhausted and watched as the last bit of life flooded from Dolores' body. It had been an exhausting evening and he was frightened about what he'd had to do. He'd never had to stun a teacher before in his life. "Mr Potter thank you for taking my speech seriously. Take ten points to Gryffindor for listening wisely to my speech and ten more points for saving everyone a harrowing experience at her hands. Please return to your dormitory!" she said as he went home to Luna who had been waiting up for him nervously. "How was it Harry are you alright?" she said shocked when he burst into tears. "I had to stun her Luna! She was making me use a blood quill or trying to at least. I called the minister and he saw what she was like and he had her give a vow on her magic and life that she hadn't meant me or him any harm. It backfired. She lied and then she died right before me I saw it all! I'm so sorry" he said feeling guilty for causing her death even though she did that all by herself. He didn't see that now but would in a while. Luna exclaimed holding her hand up to her mouth in awe before she reached forwards and grabbed him holding him close to her as he sort of fell into her lap on the couch. He wrapped his arms around her neck and began to cry hard. "Harry you did what you had to do to remain safe and I am so proud of you for that. The minister asked her to give that vow and it is for that reason that she died. She died because she lied and that is all there is to it. You cannot prevent someone from lying when they cast a vow no matter how much you try to do it!" she said rubbing soothing circles on his back and making him calm down. "You really think so?" he asked still unsure. "I know so Harry!" she said as they both went to bed. That night he had a dream he was asked to make the vow by the minister himself and died himself as a snake shot from the wand of minister to bite him after he'd cast the spell and made the vow slowly killing him. He shot up in bed awake and panting from his nightmare. It had been horrendous. Why did he always feel like this after nightmares he wondered as he glanced down at his now raging and very prominent erection. He was hard enough to pound nails and couldn't understand why but he had always woken from nightmares with a raging hard on. He thought about how to deal with it when he felt Luna touch it and smile. "It's ok Harry. I'm here baby!" she said as he instinctively pushed her over, yanked down her underwear and pounded into her so hard and fast that he thought he'd soon explode. She had found it highly exciting that he had taken such control even if it was a nightmare which had gotten him there. She soon climaxed and he firmly brushed her clit with his thumb and came undone himself. He fell on top of her panting wildly. "I'm so sorry baby. I have no idea what came over me after that nightmare but I always wake up like this after them. Are you ok I wasn't too rough was I? I mean I wasn't really thinking at all. In fact I wanted to forget!" he said as she blushed. "Well actually I know I'm not supposed to say that but it was bloody hot! Well it was. Come on sweetheart and let's get cleaned up in the shower. It's ok. I love you so much Harry. I'll always be here for you after every nightmare and any other time too. You never need to worry about me leaving or anything like that. I am capable of saying no and I do know that too. I also know you'd never abuse me so please stop worrying!" she said as they headed to the shower together. He hardened once again at seeing her naked but blushed this time. She climbed on top of him riding him once again to another orgasm in the shower. They both fell into bed falling asleep as soon as their heads had hit the pillow. It had been a well needed moment of intimacy for them both which none of them were going to feel guilty about.
